terrible experience , i will not stay here again . the walls were so thin that i was kept up all night by the party going on in the suite next to mine . i talked to the management several times , but nothing was done . it may just be the people that i had contact with , but i thought the staff was standoffish and rude . very unpleasant experience , especially given the cost of staying here ! 
i stayed at the talbott for N nights on business and was very pleased . the staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest . i was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious . the free wi-fi came in handy as i needed to work remotely while there . everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay . oh , and i got to workout at the huge equinox right next door for free . 
i truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment , but my time spent at the affinia hotel in chicago forced me to do so . it was to be our first trip to chicago since i was a boy so my wife and i were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel . first i must say that the counter help was far less than helpful . the apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service . he said we had not reserved a room , which i had weeks earlier , and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that we must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both . finally the manager arrived after i insisted on his presents . he did straiten out the confusion , but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants . i called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place . we were shown to another room , this time to our liking . from that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the affinia had . to list just a few the television was a N inch black and white which could get only N channels , the food that room service brought up was cold , lifeless and bland , the cleaning person knocked at our door at N in the morning every morning even with the ' do not disturb ' sign on the door , and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and i lift the room . to be blunt , i truly hope that the ceo of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff , guts the building thoroughly , and is publicly flogged in a downtown park . we will never step through the doors of the affinia again . 
the ambassador east is a particularly crappy property , given the numerous quality hotels in and around the gold coast . unfortunately , i saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for . while the lobby was gorgeous ( and appears to match the photos on the website ) the room i was assigned was run down , and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website . it looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls , but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty . the room also smelled of must or mildew . while the room did have air-conditioning as advertised , it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg . i was only here for a single night , but had i been here for anywhere longer i would have requested a refund . please , if you ' re staying in this part of town , do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here . the hampton inn and hilton garden inn are both nearby , clean , and often have special-offers -- these aren ' t the only properties in the area , but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay . 
i just spent a week at the millennium knickerbocker hotel and it was a very plesant stay . when i first walked into the room it was very clean . the bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant . room service was very good . the view was amazing and i would recomend staying there . 
i needed to find a last minute hotel to stay in for the night so i came to this one . first of all the prices for one night are extremely high . the workers at the front desk were not kind at all and treated me like i was a second rate and not on their list of priorities . then i got into my room and got settled and it smelled of cigarettes and the air conditioner was making loud sounds so i didnt get much sleep . also the restroom was very dirty and frankly disgusting . the beds were very old and uncomfortable and the tv did not work at all . overall i am very disappointed with this hotel . 
i stayed at the fairmont during a professional conference . while i have to say that for a conference , some of the meeting rooms were too small , in terms of traveler ' s comfort the hotel is exceptional ! i can ' t think of a single thing about my room that wasn ' t perfect . the accommodations were luxurious and the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of many chicago attractions . 
i travelled to illinois from the uk on business , and booked friday and saturday night at the homewood suites so that i could have a weekend in the city . the location was perfect , walking distance to michigan ave for all the shopping and touristy stuff , and literally N yards to the l ( red line ) for getting out to the surrounding areas . the room was great not exactly ' wow ' decor but clean and really well stocked . i was expecting a ' suite ' to be a larger than average hotel room with seperate sitting area . it was actually a N-room mini-apartment , with an open lounge kitchen , bedroom , and bathroom . two flatscreen tvs and a huge bed . breakfast buffet eggs and bacon were great for the hangover ( ! ) , and the kitchen meant that i could cook up some lunch rather than eat out if needed . 
i would not recommend this hotel . although it is in a good area , the room was very small and is getting rather dated . the room had extensive damage . the paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling . the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling . the wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on . there was mold and stains on the bathroom tile . the room was very small . there was not room for a sofa . just a small faded chair and ottoman . the carpet had stains on it . also , the bed was comfortable , but there was not a top sheet , just the bottom sheet and a comforter . overall i was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged . i have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space , cleanliness , and value for the money paid . 
the hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy . the entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding , making it dark . they charge a lot for internet hook up , wifi is not included . the staff was very slow , i am assuming they were all new . they could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby . the room was set up weird , the bathroom opened facing the bed , rather than the hall as most do . room temp was hard to control , even though they had a digital thermostat . overall i was very disappointed , had i been staying more than one night i would have switched hotels . 
the location was good . check-in was ok . asked for non smoking room , given floor with half smoking half non smoking . we could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened . we asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor . they did not bring up the key , we had to go down to the lobby to get it . breakfast could have had some healthy choices , the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh . bananas not ripe . room only had one wash cloth , had to call down for more . housekeeping never showed up at our room . not for turndown service , not for the morning clean -up . called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the do not disturb sign . they said they would come up and they never came when they said they would . we finally told them not to come because of the time . we wanted to get ready to go out for dinner . never greeted by anyone as we came and went . i have stayed at the peninsula and the burnham . the burnham was booked during our stay or i would have stayed there . i will never stay at this hotel again , not worth N . N a night 
i stayed in this hotel for N days in november together with my colleagues . internet only wired available for N additional dollars a day . no fridge or microwave included in the price . our room had two too soft full size beds . in the hall way the wallpaper had come off the wall . who doesnt believe it , check out the Nth floor close to room N . with discount we paid more than N dollars a night which is ridiculous . i stayed in the hyatt regency before for much cheaper and that was way better . the restaurant in the main hall is very nice and the food is tasty , but although being almost the only customer it took forever that the food got served . please stay away and take one of the plenty alternatives nearby . 
during my recent stay at the hyatt regency chicago , i was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff . to start off , the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms . hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings , i had hoped to spend a quiet night in . my neighbors , however , watching what i can only imagine was a real house wives of new jersey marathon on full volume , destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance . when i asked the concierge to address the issue , he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job . as i visited the gym , i found their ' state-of-the-art ' stayfittm gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills , weights and yoga mats . the water in the cooler was quite warm , and the workout towels were stained and tattered . finally , all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds . 
the amalfi hotel chicago portrayed itself to be a luxurious comfortable place to stay . when arriving at the hotel my party and i had over a N minute wait just to check in . we were treated like cattle once we were able to check in at their ' private ' counter that their website highlights . it felt as though i was sitting with a bank teller rather than checking in . not only did the wait and process take seemingly forever , but our reservations were completely wrong . i ended up having to settle for a double non-smoking room when i had reserved a smoking king room . not having the room i requested and was assured was available is completely unacceptable for the high prices of this supposedly high end luxurious hotel . i was not compensated for having to switch rooms and audrey our experience designer was no help at all even when we called down upon entering the room which smelled of urine and stale booze . i recommend saving a handful of money and checking into a chain hotel in the area . the amalfi hotel chicago is a waste of time and money as far as i am concerned especially when i could stay at a cheaper chain hotel and get better treatment and comfort . don ' t waist your time staying here . 
i had a great experience staying at the conrad chicago , the service was top notch , the price was good , but out of everything the service was outstanding . i would definitely stay there again when in the area and would suggest it to anyone looking for a good quality hotel in a great location . right next to the shops at north bridge ! 
this is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of us cities . the entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class . the bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none . it is located on south michigan directly across the road from grant and millenium park . it also has a free shuttle to the water tower in the heart of the magnificent mile . for blues fans , buddy guy ' s legends club is situated immediately behind the hotel . highly recommended . 
the windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago ' s best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury . with fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking . this hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire . with a fabulous restaurant on the Nth floor with dinning at its best . with it over looking the great chicago area . so the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff . 
my stay at the amalfi was a very brief one . i booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews i saw here on trip advisor . when i arrived , i sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk . i felt like i stepped into an episode of the twilight zone . the room was very small and dark . then the internet wasn ' t working . i wasn ' t informed about this on my check in and couldn ' t be given a time frame when it would be back up . i walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking , gathered up my belongings and went there . if you ' re one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels , you ' ll lurve this place . but if you like a hotel with lights on , working internet and a good view and real breakfast , go someplace else . 
my wife and i spent several nights here on a getaway excursion . i didn ' t choose it -- priceline gave it to me for N . if i ' d paid the book rate , N , i ' d have been less pleased . no troubles with checkin . very small room but bed was clean and comfortable . starbucks in the lobby was a godsend . i ' d read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough . for N , it ' s a steal . for its online face value , not so much . will definitely return if can get similar price . 
we just returned from N nights at the ambassador east . what a gem ! the location in the gold coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the magnificent mile . there is a train station about N blocks away . the room was very comfortable , with nice amenities , and there is free internet service on the Nnd floor . best of all was the bell and lobby staff ! they really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived . i would say that this was the nicest hotel staff i ' ve encountered in all my travels . 
don ' t stay here ! my family and i stayed here for a weekend trip . the staff were rude and acted like we were bothering them . the rooms looked nice in photographs but when we got there our room looked like it hadn ' t been dusted in ages . overall bad service and not worth the money . 
my stay at sheraton chicago hotel and towers was wonderful , i stayed in the traditional guest room and i slept good , i was able to get to my meeting well rested , thank you sheraton ! -bobby 
we stayed at this hotel for a conference . the lobby and the conference areas were immaculate . the restaurants ( one of which was shula ' s steakhouse ) and bars were great . the saff was exteremely helpful . the rooms left a lot to be desired . . . our nonsmoking room smelled of smoke . the a c system was ancient and tempermental , and the bathroom was old and in need of a makeover . it was surprising to see since the physical plant was so nice . we would choose , however , to stay elsewhere . espcially for the money we paid . 
i have stayed in the talbott a few times and had always liked it . this time was my first visit in N years and i was disappointed . the hallways are now looking tired and the carpets need to be replaced . i had asked for a corner room but instead was given a small and very dark room looking out onto a wall N feet away with multiple noisy vents immediately outside the window . the lights had to be kept on throughout the day even through the days were bright . the bathroom was tiny and would be difficult to manage with N people in the room . the ac unit rumbled on permanently with background white noise even when switched off . having stayed there before i know there are better rooms but this one was the same price as the others i have been in and the risk is getting it again . other small things contributed - the lobby brownies are no longer , there were no cup lids for the lobby coffee ( so you couldn ' t walk out with the coffee ) and i got a newspaper only on the last morning of a N-night stay . the construction noise was not too bad but does start at N . Nam and goes on until around Npm , including weekends . 
i stayed at this hotel for a weekend and i thought it was really nice . the bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very clean . the room also had a beautiful view . it had everything you could possibly need . i almost didn ' t want to leave the room . it was definitly worth the price . i would go back . the clientel was also very helpful . 
as i walked into the hotel i was greeted warm heartedly . they took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly . i was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom . also , i was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient . overall , i was very happy with my stay at this hotel . 
i have been meaning to write a review of the omni but wasn ' t sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high . we stayed here for N nights . the room was fine when i walked in . but about five minutes or so i was all congested . thought it might have been from the flight . i then noticed there was dust everywhere . the tv , the minibar , and worst of all the air vent . it was literally hanging off the vent . i called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up . after N minutes of waiting and noticing other things . a bathroom door that wouldn ' t close , broken light fixtures , a toe or fingernail on the bed . broken bathroom fixtures . this place was a dump . hopefully the pictures will show some of it . i could go on and on . almost N minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room , both he and head of housekeeping were ' shocked ' at the room . we were moved to another room , not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked , or so i was told . i stayed at the omni once prior and have to say was very impressed . but this will be the last time . sad to say . the hotel did cut the rate of our N day stay , but doesn ' t explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection . 
my company was hosting a seminar at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago , il . each participant of the seminar stayed in one of the luxurious rooms at the hotel . my room had an incredible view of downtown chicago and the styles of the rooms were very modern . my husband was able to stay back in the room and enjoy the large flat screen television while i attended the seminar in one of the hotels meeting rooms . on saturday night , my company held a ball in the crystal ballroom . the food was excellent , the hotel chefs were the best . the servers were polite and were right there to fill up our drinks or bring us more food at the dinner . our overall stay at millennium knickerbocker hotel will be forever in my memory . it was a fun filled weekend with great food , clean rooms , excellent maid service and all the hotel personnel were polite and willing to fulfill our every need and want ! we will definitely be staying here again ! 
the ambassador east is located in the gold coast neighborhood of chicago . it is just a few blocks from the train station , so it was easy to get anywhere in town . the hotel is a national historic landmark so the lobby is elegant and beautiful . we loved the pump room bar with tons of b w photos of celebrities . the service was wonderful and everyone was friendly and helpful . 
my family and i stayed at this hotel during an extended weekend trip in july , N . we had ( N ) N bedroom suites . great location in downtown chicago . within walking distance to shopping and most downtown tourist attractions . the service was excellent and the hotel staff was friendly . the breakfast buffet was very good but the eating area can get crowded . i recommend going early . the rooms were quiet and clean . i highly recommend this hotel for families and for travelers staying N-N days . we would stay here again . parking is expensive , about N day . it is valet . the cheapest self parking i could find in the area was N days so we did valet parking . the valet and bell staff were very helpful and friendly . this is my Nrd experience with homewood suites ( N different cities ) . i have had a great experience each time . 
i recently stayed here for the chicago triathlon . this was my third stay at this hotel . i have not had any issues until this visit . after the Nrd day of my stay i requested my room to be serviced and returned to what i thought was a clean room . while getting out of bed i was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet . i must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because i found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards . i had not noticed it before so i was very disgusted . we notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped . we returned to the room after Npm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor . after making a complaint to the customer service i have gotten no reply from the hotel . considering the price point of this downtown hotel i would think that they would try to live up the N star rating but instead they have failed miserably . luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown chicago . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice , but it certainly does not ' exceed expectations ' as touted on their website . their starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler . ' chic but not fussy ' is an overstatement . the room was clean , although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn ' t been cleaned since the last guest . there was hand lotion and shampoo samples , but no soap sample . the bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed . ' cheap ' might have been a better adjective . check out was simple and not much hassle . overall , the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is fine in a pinch , but next time , i will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room . 
we stayed two nights . we were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant . he was very cold . our room was very , very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days . the room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet . we were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink , the door to the bar was locked . we called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really wasn ' t and were told they were short staffed , ' sorry ' . what ? ? are you running here ? you are a hotel in the country ' s third largest city and your amenities are open at whim ? this was our first and last visit to a kimpton hotel . 
the fairmont chicago millennium park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels i have stayed at in a while . at almost N a night , one would expect . traveling with my wife , i expected to pay the cost of the room , already being outrageous , but then i was hit with another N charge for her to stay . even with a king bed , they only figure in one person to their cost . the beds were average and although there was much to do , everything cost an arm or a leg . it was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away . all in all for the amount of money that i was paying on a per night basis , if i was in chicago for any longer than that one night , i definitely would have stayed somewhere else . i guess you live and you learn , its just a shame that i had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations . 
i arrived at the sofitel for a joint leisure and business . it is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable . the rooms are spacious , great beds , pillows and linen . the bathroom has a great shower and bath . wifi works really well and the desk is large . the staff are wonderful . the location is great for shopping , spa ' s , starbucks and hairdressers . i loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it . 
how about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation . she tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door . sorry not on my watch ! then about this room you gave me i understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing ! you take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a hilton i think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating . registration fail parking price fail plumbing fail thank you hilton for for my super N experience in chicago . 
stayed at the chicago affinia dec N thru dec N and was very impressed with the staff , the room , and the location . close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great . of course , there were many other restaraunts nearby as well . i had a little trouble figuring out the heat , but it was fine once i learned how to set it . they were working on the hotel , so we got a great rate . but the work never bothered us . the room was great , with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise . i would definately stay here again and would recommend to others . 
our vacation was highlighted by a four day stay at homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown . i believed it would be the best part of the trip i discovered it was an unfolding nightmare . while in our lovely room on the fifteenth floor , a voice emanating from the phone , informed us of the pending fire alarm and what procedures to follow . anyone above the tenth floor was instructed to go into the bathroom , wet towels and place them along the bottom of the closed door . do not use the elevators and wait for further instructions . we nervously waited for twenty minutes without any further communications from the voice in the phone . we then decided to exit via the stairs , realizing too late that once you entered the stairwells , doors behind you were locked . we continued to travel downward , against the backdrop music of sirens and loud muffled speakers . obviously , we were rescued without any physical injuries yet emotionally we were damaged . i now choose my hotels in the range of ten floors or less . 
we booked this hotel using points on our credit card . when we arrived , we were immediately greeted by a friendly face . we arrived several hours before check-in . however , they let us check-in early . they also gave us a free room upgrade . the hotel is absolutely stunning ! in addition , it is off of state street . there are many things to do - shopping , dinning , theater . it is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the united center or the airport . the hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge . the room was so dark and quiet we slept in . 
simply a nice place to stay . . . i had a great deal for the room , and was impressed with the quality . hotel staff was very helpful they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes . negative it is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it ' s the same here you have to pay for the internet . negative loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone , or them shower . 
we booked this hotel for the second leg of our chicago stay . . it was great ! ! ! ! the lion king package was pricey but reasonable , given the ticket costs and the suite . room was great . . . . classical music greeted us when we entered our room after a long day of sightseeing and shopping . nytimes and chicago tribune at your door every morning . one block from the washington el train station . we never saw the small rooms that every one apparently doesn ' t like , but the suite rooms were fun and our kids loved it . dunkin doughnuts and corner bakery down the block . city hall , picasso structure . . . . this was a great place . book it and also use the golden touch limo service . . . reasonable . omar is a super guy . 
when you ' re standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all , nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again . the worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem ( they told me that it happens to the upper floors , and i wasn ' t even staying on the highest floor ! ) as if that makes it ok . i can look past the ' rustic ' decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash , but c ' mon , a girl ' s gotta shower . 
my wife and i stayed at the hyatt regency in chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back . the customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either . when we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key . when we got into the room the bed was not even properly made . the cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food . we ended up going home two days before we planned . 
me and my wife stayed at the omni hotel in chicago for a customer training at a nearby hospital . we ended up only staying for N nights and the service was awful here . at first once coming into the room , there was a mildewy smell in the air , which we were fortunate enough to bring a potpourri spray with us just incase . the continental breakfast each morning was terrible as well . the eggs were runny and the coffee was not hot at all . to make matters even worse , the room service attendant did not get to our rooms until the middle of the afternoon , when my wife was back from exploring the city . this was simply unacceptable by any standard . 
upon arrival at the ambassador east hotel in chicago , i was immediately impressed with the courtesy and attentiveness of the staff . from the moment we checked-in until we left the staff , from the front desk to roomkeeping were extememly pleasant and accomodating . since we had our two daughters with us , we booked the traditional double room . the room was very nice with comfortable beds and a great view too . it had plenty of room for the four of us--or should i say five of us . the girls did not want to leave home without chichi , our teacup chihuahua . fortunately , the amabassador east allows small pets ( with a pet waiver ) . that made everybody happy ! the location is great as well . conviently located . easy to get to from lakeshore drive . close to the museums . i ' m looking forward to my next visit to chicago . i ' ll be staying here again ! 
i first walk into the beautifully decorated lobby of the affinia chicago hotel where i ' m greeted by name by the concierge . he tells me that they have taken the liberty of customizing the room to my profile from when i booked the stay . he shows me to my room ( paying careful attention to my bags , and ensuring that i needn ' t lift a finger ) sure enough , the down pillow i had selcted from the dream pillow menu sits proudly atop the queen of the domain , which by the way is covered with the softest of bedspreads making me wonder if they didn ' t literally drag a cloud in here and fit it on my bed . i notice that there ' s a display of champagne and cupcakes ( ! ) atop the dresser and my ' experience kit ' which comes complete with an ipod shuffle downloaded with only my favorite workout tracks , and a yoga mat . namaste . unable to resist the urge to inspect the bathroom , i find that not only is there a marble tiled invisible glass shower , but a jacuzzi , lined with candles of vanilla , deep enough to bathe a walrus . feeling girlish , i run the water and test before going to dinner . the hotel ' s restraunt c-house offers the most delicious seafood menu that makes you think you ' re dining with the kings of paradise . or at least eating in the caribbean itself . hmm , i should have brought a date . 
i was lucky enough to get a ' N star ' hotel off of priceline for N - i was luckier that i got the knickerbocker ! from check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly . the rooms are small but cozy . after reading the reviews from other guests i was somewhat scared of what i would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel . i am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the ' N star ' rating . yes , the rooms and bathrooms were small , but what historic hotel in a big city isn ' t ? the decor and quality met my expectations . the lobby and bar were very inviting . overall , i would stay here again and again . 
i recently stayed at the swissotel chicago with my husband and two children . while the room was comfortable , i did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children . the main reason for this was the dining . while the in house restaurants had children ' s options , there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal . anyone with children knows that you don ' t want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times . this was especially true since we were traveling . we arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed . however , our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants . this was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package . 
my husband and i recently traveled to chicago on a mini vacation . we stayed at the omni chicago hotel in the downtown area . this hotel is simply beautiful . from the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left , we were treated as if we were royalty . i have never been treated so well . we were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs . we stayed in a superior corner suite . the view of the city was the most amazing thing i had ever seen . the rooms were very spacious and clean . the king size bed was extremely comfortable . the room didn ' t seem like we were in a hotel , it had the feeling of home . there was a separate living room area which was wonderful , my husband and i just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline . it was mesmerizing . we ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping , which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping . most everything is in walking distance . the food was to die for it was as if we were eating at a N star fine dining restaurant . we did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge . the lounge had a classy feel to it , very relaxing yet sophisticated . we even received a massage , in our room . while we did have all the conveniences of home , such as internet and tv , we did not even think about using them , being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives . this was the most romantic vacation my husband and i have ever taken . i cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel . we had other options but i am so glad we decided to stay here . the rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience , which the experience itself is priceless . i will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel . 
i would not reccomend staying at the hard rock hotel chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep . i stayed at the hard rock hotel chicago for two nights this past july . i had a select king city view room . the room was dark , with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view . i was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow . the hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long , so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there . when i called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did . i ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door . they quieted down for about an hour , but then were loud again for the rest of the night . the hotel was expensive , and for the price there weren ' t very many special amenities . there was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at N a day . overall i would not recommend staying at the hard rock hotel chicago , as it is way overpriced for what you get . 
the chicago hyatt regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation--ie the room cannot be cancelled . i recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel . the reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a N-hour cancellation policy . however , when i tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe , robert , the reservation supervisor , said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room . he said that i should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom that prepayment is required at time of booking non-refunable . this clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone . i told him to cancel without being charged . in response , he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay . why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price ? the bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement , and robert should go back to customer service school ! 
i stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago recently for a convention i was attending . this was my first trip to chicago and i had no idea what to expect and this hotel came recommended by a colleague so i had high expectations . check-in took a bit longer than i would have liked as they were experiencing computer problems and the staff at the front desk had to call their main reservation line to confirm reservations . once i did get into my room , there was a strong cigarette odor in spite of the fact that it was a non-smoking room . i went down to the front desk and requested a room change . given their computer problems , that took almost an hour and the staff was quite surly and didn ' t have the ' positive attitude in spite of any difficulty ' i ' d expect from such a high profile establishment . the new room was not a suite as i had originally booked but it was significantly fresher smelling . when i hooked up my laptop , i was dismayed to discover that there was no wi-fi service . i had made my reservation online to take advantage of their free wi-fi for online ressies , but as part of their computer problems , the wi-fi service was down . fortunately , there was a starbucks up the street with available wi-fi . granted , i couldn ' t lounge at the starbucks in my jammies like i could in my hotel room , but connectivity for work is necessary so we make sacrifices . i was determined not to let computer problems color my opinion of the hotel as it ' s not something that is necessarily under the control of local management . however , the hair in the bathroom sink and the wet washcloth that was on the floor behind the toilet are definitely under the control of local management . a quick call to housekeeping got a promise to give the room a once over while i was down the street at starbucks . they did as promised and when i arrived back at the room there were no stray bits of previous customer ' s dna and the dust bunny population had been eradicated . once i had a chance to relax in the room , there were a few minor details that stood out . the carpet was starting to get worn in places , the edges on some of the furniture was dinged , and my personal pet peeve . . . the inside of the drawers were rough , unfinished wood which i dislike as the little splinters can cause runs in my clothes . i would have expected higher quality furniture for such a hotel . but , all things considered , my stay was tolerable . water pressure was good and it was quiet enough at night to get decent sleep . the wi-fi was still down in the morning so i checked out early and spent my time enjoying a latte and free wi-fi at starbucks . 
reservation was for a king size bed , instead i was given a double-bed room . check-in person must had a bad hair day , because she was unfriendly . wall st journal or usa today is not complimentary . requested a room that is away from the noisy elevator , but given a room next to a service elevator which is more noisy . i didn ' t bother to file a formal complain because i was very tire . i travel often to chicago for business and the first will be the last at intercontinental . 
i just spent the weekend here with my wife , and she loved it as much as i do . i was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients , so i didn ' t have any choice . but when my wife said she wanted to come to chicago , i knew this was the place to take her . the hotel hasn ' t just been remodeled , it ' s been completely redesigned . things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better , and the two rooms that i ' ve seen are showplaces . they are amazing . this hotel is part of a luxury chain , and it ' s easy to see why . they offer full room service at convenient hours . i ' ve been in every eating area now , and they are all great , too . whether for business or pleasure , you can ' t beat this . it ' s a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you ' d expect . my wife was stunned , and yours will be , too . 
when i arrived at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago i was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in . this was not the chicago i was hoping for . in addition to that , it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website . the paint was faded and chipped , there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of . after we waited for N minutes at the front desk , someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name . after a long trip , i ' m sure you know how aggravating that was . finally i got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation . once we got to our room , it was very small , smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood . also , as we were walking to the room in the hallway , a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place . to top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night . all we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask . it was a nightmare . oh yeah , and the shower did have any hot water . we complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week . when we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted . 
i stayed at this hotel for N night . we just wanted to stay in downtown chicago . this hotel is right next to john hancock building . walking distance to many shopping , restaurant , and everything else . from valet people to front desk people , they were all very friendly and helpful . the best thing about this hotel ( other than the awesome location ) is that all rooms are suites . you can choose N king or N double which will be inside the room and you get another sofa bed in the living room area . you get N tvs also . the roof top pool over looking michigan lake was lovely also . 
we chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds . we anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel , than some of the other larger high rise hotels . we did not experience very good service at the talbott hotel . when we checked irena seemed very robotic and aloof . the front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious . the lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door . each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff , just a blank stare and gaze . the front desk staff was chilly and stiff , no greetings , no smiles and no personality . they had difficulty answering simple questions or requests . on the other hand the bellman perry was great . he was sociable and very service oriented . he was aware of what is going on in the area . he recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area , and where to eat in the neighborhood . he is authentic and he even asked us upon our return ' how was that restaurant ? ' tim the concierge was also supportive . he gave us N discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores . we had the largest suite . we requested a rollaway ( extra charge ) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after Npm . when the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed . what made our talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned . we were out of our room from Nam and when we returned to our room at Npm the rooms had not been cleaned . we called the front desk to ask to send someone . the maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening . the room itself was pleasant . it did have a moldy smell and some frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much . we were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin . we really liked staying in this area of chicago but expected first rate service . the service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel . 
i recently stayed at the hyatt regency chicago hotel , in downtown chicago . during my three days there i experienced the worst service of my life ! we made reservations before-hand and upon arrival our room was already booked . it took us nearly two hours to actually get into our room ( after being given the wrong key ! ) . when we entered the room , the sheets were stained with what seemed to be cherry kool-aid . i am going to assume that it wasn ' t . after a night on the town we were bummed for money by three homeless men outside the hotel . after arriving in our room and hoping for a nice hot shower , we found a note on our door with a ' sorry ' note explaining they didn ' t have any hot water . early the next morning we were awoken by housekeeping ( we had a dnd sign on our door ) . so we decided to wake up and go out for breakfast . comes to find out our car was broken into in their parking garage . we filed a police report and the police asked the managers for a video of the surveillance . unfortunately for us their surveillance was out of memory to record anymore . needless to say we left early the next day and i will never return to such a dreadful hotel ever again . 
we just got back from a trip to chicago for my Nth birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel ! service was excellent , especially the maid service . our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily . the front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff i have ever dealt with while travling . the location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores . i highly recommend affinia for a the perfect family vacation . 
last weekend my wife and i decided to take a weekend trip to chicago . when looking for a hotel we weren ' t all that interested in price , but more of a relaxing getaway in the heart of downtown . i did some research and and came across the amalfi hotel chicago . what sparked my interest was it ' s location and the fact that they offer in room spa treatments . located in chicago ' s river north area , it is close to the magnificent mile so we can get all of our shopping done while staying relatively close to the hotel and also do some sightseeing along the chicago river on one of many chicago boat tours , both of which were fantastic ! after a long day out on the town we came back to the hotel to induldge in their in room spa treatments . my wife got the whole works ( facial , manicure and pedicure , and hot stone massage therapy ) , while i enjoyed a deep tissue massage to get rid of some of the pain from walking around all day ! for dinner we went downstairs and enjoyed a fabulous dinner at harry caray ' s italian steakhouse . best steak i ' ve ever had , hands down . when we were finished with dinner we just wanted to go back to our room and relax so we hopped into our comfortable king size bed , put in a movie with their in room dvd players and beautiful N inch hdtv ' s . for anyone looking for a nice relaxing getaway to the great city of chicago , i would recommend the amalfi hotel chicago to anyone . they offer anything you could ever want in a luxury hotel plus more . 
my first stay at this hotel and was expecting good things based on reviews . for some reason , i kept being disappointed at every turn . noisy room on the Nth floor . could not get the room to cool down - it was stifling . be warned - no water , no mini-bar no vending machine , no nothing once you get in your room . you might as well be in prison . they have coffee in the morning , but it starts at N so i had to wait both days . i guess that is convenient for them , but what about me ? workout facility - pretty small but not the smallest . the only treadmill i could get on was broken . guess what a cooler with water in it ! oh no - it was only stocked for one day . after that nothing . way to set expectations and then fail to deliver . same with towels - one day they have them - next day they don ' t . they essentially forced me to sign up for their loyalty program to avoid a riduculous N charge for wireless ( go a few doors down to starbucks where it is free ) . they should fire the marketing moron who came up with that approach . i have stayed at much better for less . won ' t be coming back . 
truly a tattered run down facility that you should avoid . rooms are small , dirty , and in no way represents the web sites representations . staff is poorly trained and a very big disappointment . at best it is a N star facility ands with so many options in chicago , ' please ' avoid this one . i had no choice to stay here as a client booked the rooms . 
we travel to chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown . we were excited to try the swissotel , but left disappointed . the actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views , the staff was extremely rude . the man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call . he then did not say more than five words , which were ' i need a credit card ' . the lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy . the hotel information said it closed at Nam so we came back to hotel at Nam for a ' night cap ' , that was last call . that was fine for us , but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a ' night cap ' but did not make last call . our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees . there are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer , no need to stay at the swissotel again . definitely don ' t stay if you ' re looking for a romantic weekend away , the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door . 
this was the Nnd time that we have stayed at the hyatt regency chicago . the first time was far above our expectations for a N per night room . the rooms are very nice , and the beds are comfortable . this time we got a great rate through travelzoo N night for a room with a view . we were aware of the N parking per night . the first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we couldn ' t park they were full . we had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over N minutes looking at closed parking garages . ( it was a saturday evening ) finally found a spot and were told that it would be N . this was N blocks from the hotel . mind you its -N outside and we have luggage to carry too . not very good service for a N-star hotel . we got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby , its called the harddrive . that ' s cool and all , yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room , it wasn ' t an issue . the hvac controls to our room were broken . the first night we were ok , but by the second night it was blazing hot in there , N degrees . so hot we couldn ' t sleep . it was miserable . they sent up the ' engineer ' and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window , N floors up . it never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night . it was N below that night and the window being open N ' didn ' t help . they would not put us in another room either . at checkout , monday morning , our bill came to N . N after taxes for the room . we then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for N . N . cool , i got my reciepts and went on our way . on wednesday i was on my online banking checking my account , to find that hyatt charged me N . N and another charge of N . N ! ! ! that is almost N more than what the reciepts from checkout say . i was furious , so i called the hotel . nothing was resolved by my phone call , they treated me as if N isn ' t but something you wipe with . she said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off . that didn ' t settle well with me , but what could i do . i waited . its friday now . i check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts , and they still have ' authorizations ' on the two incorrect amounts as well . they have charged me an additional N ! ! ! ! ! ! im so furious ! and guess what . . . hyatt doesn ' t care . they gave me the same -- line as they did wednesday . save yourself some hassle and don ' t stay at this hotel unless you have extra money for them to play with . 
this is a great hotel , in a great location , in a great city ! ! ! there ' s a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part . the rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker ( s ) in the bathroom . . . i had the beatles and although they ' re not my cup of tea , i was happy enough with george staring back me ! the hotel itself is on the corner of michigan ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants . . . try the ' cheesecake factory ' or have a meal cocktail on the top floor of the ' john hancock centre ' . a slighty longer walk ( or a short cab ride ) and you ' re at the ' navy pier ' - take a ride on the ' seadog ' then enjoy all the fun of the fair . . . or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music . this hotel ( city ) is well worth checking out . 
there is a great difference between a hyatt regency hotel , and a normal hotel . the thing that i did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other . i get really uncomfortable when i am in a crowded area , and people are smoking their lungs out . even though this hotel is really glamourous , has a nice bar , a nice restaurant , great music , it is still not a good stay if you don ' t like people smoking beside you . 
we got a great deal on this hotel , just N found through travelzoo . we only stayed one night , but were very impressed . the sevice was fantastic from the moment we stepped up to the property . the hotel smelled wonderful and was immaculate . our room , while not enormous was perfect . we had a great view of the city and lake . the bed was extremely comfortable . we never heard any noise outside of our room . the bathroom was nice sized considering we must have had one of the smaller rooms in the hotel , two could get ready very comfortably . location was perfect , just off michigan ave and steps away from millenium park . we would definetly stay here again , especially if we could get this great deal ! 
visiting during a busy Nday conference in chicago . most hotels booked solid . the full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers . everyone is complaining about service , cleanliness , and overall experience . location is good . hotel is tired . employees surly . too many cool properties to choose from in this town , will never stay here again and will re-think hilton in general 
i just got home from my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel . me and my family were in chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be . when we walked in the door there was a horrid odor . almost like a public bathroom . the check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative . she would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet ! when we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting . the beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks . after the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast . the food there tastes and looks like vomit . the rest of the weeks stay there was like living in hell . the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel is definitely not a good place to stay . it is actually probably on of the worst hotels i ' ve ever stayed at . 
my recent stay at the amalfi hotel in chicago couldn ' t have gone worse . apart from the price of staying there and the slow response time of hotel staff i was totally let down by the food that could be found there . there are many attractions in the area and indeed leaving the hotel is the best part of the experience . 
i ' ve stayed at other hotels in chicago , but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience . first off the staff was incredibly rude . i could have lived with that being that it was busy , but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out . the room was also horrid . it smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that i was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair . there was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain . mark my words never again will i stay at this dump ! 
this hotel was wonderful . my room was clean and the staff was courteous . the food provided by the restaurant was exceptional . this was on of the best hotel stays , ive experienced . i highly suggest this hotel to others . 
under the gloss of a nice building , friendly staff , and a wild set of items in the minibar , this is somewhat below-average hotel . in particular , the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable i ever encountered . after two nights , my wife and i were practically cripped by bed pain . we complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room , but the other room was furnished identically . the owners of the omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts . i should not be lying on the floor , trying to unkink my back , thinking longingly of the last red roof inn i visited . 
the service was reasonably well . . . they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily . the location was fine being that it was central to the city but i found out that it was also a tremendous drawback . it was interesting that the survey i took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response ' quiet ' . my visit was anything but , mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor , facing the street . i awoke at N a . m . and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the l train that sounded as though it was just outside my window . not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting . at check-out when i informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said , ' ah , city noise . ' 
my stay at the hotel monaco recently was fantastic . we got a very reasonable price for our stay ( especially since we were a aaa member ) , and there was plenty of perks to utilize in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few . another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that , upon request , the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room . how cool is that ! the staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable . i would definitely recommend the hotel monaco to anyone in the downtown chicago area . 
my wife and i stayed at the abassador east hotel in august to attend the air and water show in chicago . i called ahead to ensure a sw view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches . upon arrival at the hotel , not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it wasn ' t even a single king as was requested . apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room . the room itself was small and underwhelming . the was not dirty , but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel . the hotel was packed the weekend we visited . the staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd . the concierge and reception desks were continuously busy . the hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits . the main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult ! luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable . we will not be staying at the abassador on future trips . hopefully , current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe . . . 
review ' s a little late , but . . . my husband i first stayed at the amalfi in N N totally based on reviews i read on this website . we were totally wowed ! ! loved the location , the room , the aveda bath products , but most of all loved the evening reception breakfast on our floor . i returned to chicago with N girlfriends in N N and booked us in a suite at the amalfi . it was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased ! will stay next time i ' m in chicago too ! ! p . s . they honor a government rate ! ! ! ! 
i booked this hotel for a business trip since i was able to get a N rate on travelzoo and figured i ' d save my company some money . i had also read excellent reviews on tripadvisor . i had a guaranteed and confirmed room reservation for two nights in november . when i arrived in chicago at N Npm i decided to go to dinner prior to checking in so called the hotel to request a late check in and was told ' no problem . ' when i arrived at the hotel at N Npm i was told they didn ' t have a room for me and that i ' d have to move to the four points sheraton which they paid for . it was a major inconvenience to have to move and completely unacceptable that my confirmed room was given away . i was told that they overbooked and didn ' t get as many cancellations as they expected . i did check into the hotel the next day and once there did have a good experience . i would recommend staying here but do ensure that your reservation is indeed confirmed and avoid any late check-ins or you might not have a room ! the ' experience designers ' were great and very helpful . the rooms were very nice and comfortable ( felt like home ) . the breakfast could stand to add on some bagels for the ' healthy factor . ' it was nice that they did have fruit . i think that once the kinks are worked out that this will be a great hotel--they just need to get the basics down ! 
grant it , this hotel seems very nice , but i was not at all pleased with my stay here . the customer service was horrible . i had to request more towels and washcloths several times before receiving them and my linen had not been replaced either . for as much as i paid to stay here , you ' d think the least you ' d get is an iron . not ! i had to request an iron , too ! in addition to all of the failed amenities , i was mistakenly charged twice for my stay and wasn ' t reimbursed until an entire week later . the next time i choose to visit chicago , swissotel will be the last place i think to stay . 
as we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said ' we picked the right place . ' having chosen the talbott from other trip advisor reviews i found myself thinking in terms of a trip advisor review when we arrived . nice entrance , friendly reception , i noticed everything and immediately knew the talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains . the smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of europe , simple , not overstated but elegant . the location is great , there was light snow but we walked to the art institute , rush street , the theater district , and we ' re from california where anything below N degrees keeps us inside ! all i can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort , class and somewhere unique , stay at the talbott . oh yeah , we were in a room that looked down at the construction , we were on the Nth floor and could not hear a sound , it was very quiet . 
i loved this hotel . the room was so chic and trendy , the bed was comfortable , great slippers and robes . i love the keihl ' s bath products in the bathroom . we went during my birthday weekend , and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room . we got a great deal on a junior suite from travelzoo , but when we tried to take another trip to chicago , the deal was gone . i really recommend the hotel . i loved it . the only problem we had was with the david burke steakhouse . the service was horrible , they switched our order with the table next to our ' s and the only compensation was they took off a N side dish we ordered ( and they were nice enough to not charge us for the other side dish we didn ' t get ) . don ' t go there . go to the lawry ' s accross the street . but stay at the james . ( btw- its not a N-star hotel like the website lists- its at least N-star ) 
we stayed at the millennium knickerbocker last week and it was really wonderful . first off , the staff is excellent . all of our needs were addressed quickly and with a smile . the hotel really was the perfect launching pad for us to take in everything that chicago has to offer . all of the shopping of michigan avenue was just steps from our room . we decided to go for the shedd aquarium package . we started the day with a really wonderful breakfast at the hotel and then thoroughly enjoyed our ' all access pass ' to the aquarium ( very cool ! ) . after our long days of sightseeing ( and a quick stop at the wonderful martini bar ) , it was so nice to come back to the room which was elegant , but a very comfortable sanctuary from the busy city . to top it all off , they have the most incredible shower that i ' ve ever used ( and , even better , it ' s all ' green ' ) . what more can i say ? the millennium knickerbocker was a huge part of what made our vacation so wonderful and memorable . i highly recommend it ! 
just returned from N nights at the ambassador and i have to say that i am very happy that i chose this hotel . it is true that this is an older hotel . but it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur . ( think of the hotel from the shining , minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins . ) from the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids , i was made to feel like royalty . a special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions . also the location of the hotel is great . close to all the action , but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions . i also got a sweet N per night room by booking on travelzoo . that was just an added bonus however . even if i paid N per night , my impression of the ambassador would not change . highly , highly recommended . 
though grand and having a brand , this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts . N . staff seemed snooty and arrogant . N . request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests . the initial room was very small . N . for the cost paid i would expect a coffee maker , free internet service at the least which even regular b bs offer . N . they will levy charges on each and everything . complete rip off other things matched the grandeur . cleanliness and location was good , but the staff made my stay unpleasant . 
i walked into this beautiful hotel and knew that i would have a wonderful stay in chicago . after walking around the city all day , i was always excited to relax in this cleanly and superbly comforting place . the service was friendly and i especially liked the location . what a treat ! 
the sheraton chicago is not the place to be if you want to experience chicago . there are no customer services to provide you with ideas of what to do , and there aren ' t even any shuttles that will bring you around town . the food in the restaurant at the hotel serves mediocre burgers and fries , and makes no attempt to emulate the chicago culture . there are a million other hotels in chicago , and this is one of the most average . the rooms are fairly decent sized , but they lack amenities like wi-fi and mini bars . the view is nothing special , and the concierge is anything but responsive to phone calls . 
first let me say , the front office people at hotel monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what i ' d hoped . there are some other problems the furnishings are quite rundown , and housekeeping wasn ' t very helpful . we booked a suite and the sofa bed , chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use . i ' ve attached pictures , so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows . comfortable it was not ! the chair bottom is all broken down too . i invited one of the assistant managers to view our furniture , and a slight adjustment was made in our rate . as to housekeeping , we had ordered an in-room coffee service ( which kimpton ' s web site says is there , but you have to specifically request ) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee . we had to call the front desk every day . and , housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl . i had requested water be added to the bowl when i noticed it going down and my note was disregarded . these things may not matter to you , but if you plan to spend a week , like we did , you might want to be comfortable . the bedroom and bathroom were superior just the living room was bad . 
just returned from the james hotel after staying at the park hyatt . i have stayed at most chicago hotels pennisula , four seasons , the ritz , fairmont etc . had heard a little about the james and the primehouse at the james . we paid more for the room at the james then at any of the above mentioned hotels . what a disappoitment ! the room we stayed in had N double beds . the toilet broke and overflowed , the tub didnt drain while showering and the huge bathroom door that was almost too heavy to close broke several times . the closet had no door but a curtain to close and no drawer space for clothes at all . the room was very small and non descript . much like staying at an ikea but without the color . windows to outside terribly dirty and the elevators dirty and small . the staff however was top notch and exceptionally helpful and friendly . the room had a huge N ' plasma tv that was nice . there is no way this hotel is N star yet . the room rate close to N . N a night was way of of line . we paid more here than any of the above mentioned hotels . the rate should have been about half of that . 
at check in , the girl gave us a smoking room . we asked for nonsmoking . i had to get another room . it was by the elevators . loud ! really loud ! . the new room didn ' t have a shower door . so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet . the public transportation is amazing . you don ' t need a car in chicago . you can get anywhere by train or bus . it ' s fast too . area recommendations chicago is great ! good shopping , good food ( ginos east ! ! ! ) and great bars . the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool ! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i ' ve ever seen ! 
my husband attended a conference in chicago for the weekend of june Nnd and i decided to tag along for the shopping ! we flew into o ' hare and took a cab to the hotel , cost about N . everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful . we had a room on the Nth floor which overlooked the construction , but we were hardly in the room so it didn ' t bother us . we were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper . the room was clean and spacious enough for us . the bed is very comfy . we ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great . the location of this hotel is perfect . you are about N N N blocks from michigan ave and the hancock tower . can ' t beat that ! there is also an adorable pet store called tails in the city across from the hotel ! i brought our dog back a couple of toys ! they are very nice as well . all in all , no complaints . the hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting . the staff is always friendly and the location is superb . it ' s a safe neighborhood-i walked around by myself and felt fine . we would definitely return . 
a decent place to stay . the people are nice enough , yet the atmosphere was not what i was expecting . the rooms were not very spacious , nor welcoming . so many places to eat , yet the food was very pricey and average . i would stay here again possibly , but i feel like i could find a better option for a better price . 
you made chicago a wonderful stay ! the room was gorgeous ! i came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that i needed , i didn ' t even have to ask ! thank you so much , i will be back ! very tidy room as well ! 
an excellent vacation destination . clean rooms and many nice features . superb location and proximity to local attractions . staff is always friendly and eager to help . highly recommended to anyone looking to travel to this area . 
the intercontinental chicago was not as great an experience as i was expecting it to be . when i first arrived the front desk staff could not find my reservation in the system . they then tried to make me book a higher paying room . i ended up having to ask for the manager , who conveniently was able to locate a room for me with the same rate . i was expecting top notch service and class but apparently those services are reserved for the elite . i was not doted on as i should have been and found that i had long wait times when i placed an order with room service or needed the concierge . for the price i was paying to stay there i would have thought there would have been more of a catered and personal touch to the service . 
when making my reservation , i made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer memorial day . the staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate . the suites are very spacious , clean , cozy , and comfortable . upon on arriving staff were friendly , willing to exceed expectations , and serve me with enthusiasm . the hot breakfast was delicious each morning . the beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest . i would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other chicago hotels . 
my experience at the hyatt regency chicago was simply amazing . i had a wonderful stay there will my husband . my husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go , and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there . they were able to provide us with a hyatt allergy-friendly room . we were so relieved and the room was beautiful . the furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil . it was the most comfortable stay we have ever had . on top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business , so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient . we took full advantage of the N hour room service . i will definitely stay there again . it is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room . 
we were amazed by this hotel . the first great part is the location . its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer . the view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over chicago . they even had a florist , as i bought my wife a rose . the menus , the lobby , everything was fantastic . the room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day . i didn ' t use the fitness center but it looked very nice , i did however visit the bar . . . . and when i return to chicago , i will again . 
i stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of N . i was worried that i wouldn ' t get a nice room , since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from grant park , so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms . i requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic , and that is exactly what i was assigned ( perhaps because i am also a ' silver ' member ? ) . it was a beautiful room with windows on two sides , a king sized bed . the room was quiet , comfortable and immaculate . the maid even left a thank you note for the tip i had left . all the staff were helpful , polite and cheerful . i appreciated the fact that i could actually purchase a breakfast for under N ( oatmeal , coffee , and juice ) --something not possible at a lot of big hotels , like the hyatt i stayed at last year . 
great hotel with beautiful scenery ! the staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious . they even had a docking station for my ipod ! 
the amalfi hotel in chicago is a wonderful hotel . i had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished i could have stayed for longer . the staff is so nice and helpful . they really treat you like a vip and are there to help with any questions you might have . the rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home . in my room i had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection . did i say in the room ? i didn ' t even have to leave or order something on the television . it was nice to shower with their aveda products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me . while staying in for the night i was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel . the bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean ! in the morning i was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage . yes . . . ordered . they came to my room and i didn ' t even have to leave . very comfy ! this hotel was by far the best that i have stayed in and i travel a lot for business so i would know . you always have high expectations when you ' re staying at hotels and i ' m pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded . i ' m recommending this hotel to everyone i know that will be staying in the chicago area . i will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because i just didn ' t want to leave ! i would rate this hotel N out of N stars . 
the omni chicago hotel is amazing little get away right on the magnificent mile in chicago . this hotel is warm and homey as well as modern and filled with amenities ! the beds are very comfortable and there are flat screen televisions in the rooms ( at least both times i have stayed ) . the windy city spa provides a relaxing getaway as well . the indoor pool provides something fun for all ages and the customer service was excellent . the garage was very secure and has unlimited in out priviledges which made it nice to be able to access the car as much as you wanted without any penalty . all in all , well worth it and will plan to stay again ! 
my wife and i stayed here for a long weekend and it was great . the check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question , and the bar served the best martini i have had in a while . the rooms were well decorated and spacious , although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door . the bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late . i would definitely stay here again ! 
was slated for two nights in chicago , june N - N , N . i could onyl get the intercon for both nights . i booked a handicapped room since that was they had left . after reading other reviews of the property , i decided to move it from two nights to one , and stay the second night at the hotel monaco . of course , upon check-in , i was given a suite . nice room , great linens , clean bathroom , and very quiet . parking is really high ( N ) . i understand some peopel saying the rooms need to be updated , but everything was clean and worked well . at , ost , the rooms were a bit dark . i had a late night drink at the bar , which was reasonably priced . i did not eat there , but the menu seemed pretty good , albeit with the typical hotel mark-ups to be expected . in all , i thought the place was everything i needed , and was very happy with the room , the staff , the linens , and the housekeeping . much better than others have indicated . 
the hilton chicago is one of the best hotels i have ever had the good fortune to lodge at in my entire life . it is an extremely luxirious hotel located on the ' cultural michigan avenue mile ' , and it overlooks grant park , lake michigan , and museum campus . in addition to overlooking those wonderful sights , it ' s also located conveniently close to chicago ' s convention center , mccormick place convention center , as well as the business center , shopping and theatre . furthermore , there are a myriad of attractions close to the hotel , such as millenium park , buckingham park , and the sears tower . the amenities offered by the hilton chicago hotel include N wireless internet access in all guest rooms , N ' inch flat screen televisions , a serenity bed , and two-line direct dial phones . and on top of all that , the hotel is pet friendly ! i ' ll definitely be staying here again . 
we love the location and proximity to everything . the staff was very friendly and courteous . they were so nice to our N . N year old boy . got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived . we got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . can ' t beat that ! the only minor issue is the elevator . we have to take N separate elevator trips to get to our room . it got a little annoying when we were going in and out often . otherwise , it was a great stay ! 
we stayed at this hotel for N nights in august . we waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open , this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two ' s . our room had a great view of navy pier and was a good size . the bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean . the location of the hotel is the best , we walked to navy pier and michigan ave . the breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two . would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again . 
we stayed here because of all the great reviews , and it ' s all true . we were highly impressed with the high quality of everything , everyone , and the location . walking distance to much of what chicago has to offer . gibson ' s steakhouse and the hancock building to name a couple . this hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for chicago . it should also have more than three stars . i mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard , and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those . depending on the room you get , any price under N would be a good deal . between N - N could still be worth it . 
other reviews complain about the small rooms . for a major city , we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings . one feature we liked is the ability to open the window . the knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off michigan avenue in the best area of chicago . the staff was friendly and helpful . for the N we paid on hotwire , we could not have found a better room in downtown chicago . 
we booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on priceline , paid N which thought was good price for a N in downtown chicago . the location is great . the hotel minimally ok unsure how it gets a N rating . it is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift . staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay . however i would not recommend this hotel . i would rather have paid N and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case . my suggestion do not book priceline for chicago il and ask for N because this is what you are almost sure to get . . . . . not good enough priceline . ! ! in my opinion . 
the palmer house hilton was recommended to me by a friend who had visited chicago the previous summer . i was very happy with the location , and was able to visit the nearby lake michigan and millennium park ( beautiful ! ! ) . the rooms were good size , and the right amount of luxury for the price . i didn ' t use room service much , but when i did everything was in order . 
the ambassador east was a average hotel at best , and mediocre at worst . the bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff . the doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you . the room was lackluster , however . the bathroom was in especially bad shape . it was dirty when we arrived , with hair in the sink and shower . the shower was in really bad shape . the shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low . the water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit . the decor throughout the hotel ( lobby , hallways and rooms ) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned . i would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well . the business center with free internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use . the hotel ' s location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations . i would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions , but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms , i might be inclined to stay there again . . . . read more 
i unfortunately stayed for N nights at the knickerbocker hotel . . . i should have checked out on day N . the bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling . . . i pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets . . . bed bugs ! which i might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there ( fortunately i took photos to the contrary ) finding the bed bugs . . . i looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both . . . i was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment . 
dissapointed with my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park . when i looked at its web site i was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and i to spend time in , when not gazing the ' sites ' in chicago . boy was i wrong , when i first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk . finally , after about N minutes , i was approached with no apology for my wait . while trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room i originally requested was occupied , i was given a less spacious room , one bed for my wife and i to share with the kids , and was told they would voucher my meals that day . my wife and i love sushi so we figured we use it on that . when we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar . worst display of customer service i have ever received and will never stay there again . 
if you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location , the intercontinental is it--right on the magnificent mile , next to the chicago river , across from the wrigley building . my daughter and i stayed here for a getaway , and quickly were able to get to milennium park , shopping , navy pier , great dining , exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and chicago river . check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay . maria , one of the concierges , was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat . the room was lovely and comfortable , although our tub didn ' t drain well . just a wonderful stay ! 
we planned to stay for N nights on a family trip . i booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite , then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff . well , our stay here lasted N night and we quickly , and thankfully , switched to a different hotel for our last N nights . the room was dirty . when we opened the sofabed , the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out . ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used , and theoretically cleaned , a lot . extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms weren ' t much better . temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night , it made for a cold stay . if you like to eat for free ( they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights ) and don ' t care to eat the great food chicago has to offer , i guess some may find this place tolerable . but we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a golden corral . the only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area ( we switched to the james and had a great experience ) . i couldn ' t be paid to stay here again . i ' m shocked by the high overall rating given our experience . 
i recently stayed at the amalfi chicago with my wife on a business trip . we decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded . we enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city . the individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service . the amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more . our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site . the hotel ' s design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses . lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable . breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt . being of european descent , i enjoyed the croissants , whole grain muffins , real butter and marmalade . we also brought along our standard poodle , sterling , and the amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family . we purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings . sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling ' at home ' while away . for pet lovers this is a big plus . finally , transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal . this allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this , another appreciated bonus of our stay . thank you amalfi for a superb experience . 
having come to chicago with my three sisters for a relaxing weekend of shopping and spa days , the hotel allegro chicago filled every bit of my checklist . we arrived and immediately were checked in and shown to our rooms we both had the ' double double deluxe ' . the rooms were gorgeous , well taken care of , clean , comfortable , well decorated and luxurious . the hotel also has a spa which was perfect because we didn ' t even have to leave the hotel for our relaxing spa day . the hotel has great staff , they were always attentive to our needs . my favorite part was the complimentary tea and cofee - i am a coffee addict and getting my caffeine fix any time of every day was great ! stay at the hotel allegro chicago if you want great service from a relaxing and luxurious hotel in the heart of chicago ' s hustle and bustle ! 
my family and i vacation in chicago and stayed at the omni chicago hotel . upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received free bagpacks for their stay which they loved . the staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel . they even remembered our names ! the location of the hotel was amazing , right on the magnificent mile . we really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool . i would definitely stay there again if i have the chance and would recommend it to anyone i know going to the chicago area . 
a perfect place for couples to get away too . the location couldn ' t be better , just three blocks from navy pier and magnificent mile . it ' s really romantic , the service was awesome . very clean and quiet . it has big rooms with comfortable atmosphere , huge bathroom . over all , i had the a great experience there , would definitely stay there again ! 
the hotel monaco chicago was a great hotel . the rooms were very nice , great customer service . every member of the staff was extremely nice . i liked that it was pet friendly , and you couldn ' t even tell they allowed pets . very clean . prompt service when requested , and the food was very tasty ! an a in my book , the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel . very immaculate . will definitely stay there again the next time i visit chicago . 
the intercontinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure . nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown chicago , the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm . from the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites , the intercontinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler . book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of chicago . 
my stay was quick but awesome . after a long day , seeing a substantial line at check-in was a bit of a groaner , but then i saw the self-serve kiosks . i was checked in with keys in hand in under N minutes . in the morning i was able to check out on the tv in my room . the hotel is a beautiful historic landmark with all the amenities of a modern hotel and all the charm of its N origins . the bed was fabulously comfortable . i wish i could live there . they have many rooms wtih N bathrooms . i stayed in a room like that once with a friend and we didn ' t know ahead of time that we had two bathrooms . talk about squeals of delight . that was about N years ago in virginia beach . i was by myself at the hilton and had no need for a room with two bathrooms , but it ' s the first time i ' ve seen this since . what a great feature ! 
i ' d been searching for a cool , non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend . i thought i ' d found a winner in the affinia . . . soo disappointed ! ! in spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults , we arrived to find our room had a double bed . what ? ! i was floored , but after a delayed flight and a N hour cab ride , was too tired to make a fuss . we were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night , so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple . i was told that room service would call me back to take my order . . . and nothing happened . i didn ' t want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs . nothing special entree , dessert and nab for two still came out to . . . i am no hayseed , i ' m well aware that everything costs more in chicago , but this just wasn ' t worth it . our room was by the elevator w parking garage view . . . the bathroom was tiny , shower curtain was stained , funky toilet seat lid , and the vanity featured that ' rude awakening ' lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms , i . e . , ' holy crap , have i looked that bad this whole time ? ! ' if you ' re a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker , they charge for their chintzy coffees ( i don ' t use these , but . . . come on ) . nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar , but weak drinks . . . that night , our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that i almost asked to switch rooms . but the marathon was that weekend the hotel was so busy i didn ' t want to be a pest . i can ' t believe i was so impressed with this place online . next time i ' ll happily pay more to stay someplace that ' s actually a treat . 
i stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town . it was a little pricey , but definitely worth it ! the staff was super friendly , the pool was clean and well-maintained , and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs ( i ' m a vegetarian ) . plus , i paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous . i would definitely recommend . 
i was here on business so i needed to get some rest the next day but the walls were so thin that i could here all the carrying on in the neighbors room till N am . this was very beautiful building the room was a lot smaller than i expected and the staff were not very friendly . the person at the front desk had no personality , did not even welcome me to the hotel . all in all i don ' t think i will be back . 
we stayed for just one night , but the hotel staff was extremely friendly and polite . the rooms were clean and large . the decor had just been redone . the best perks were the complimentary continental breakfast on each floor in the morning and the free cocktail hour with premium drinks and great appetizers at night . we got a great rate and would go back . great location for walking around . 
i recently stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower hotel and i could not be more pleased . the hotel is sleek from the elegant lobby to the modern , stylish rooms . the rooms are something truly special with huge , soft beds with the most luxurious sheets you have ever seen and felt . the bathrooms are beautiful with cool marble tiles and a gorgeous glass and marble shower tub . if that wasn ' t enough each room has a crisp N ' lcd tv that displays tv in the most beautiful and clear way with an absolutely amazing sound system . when you finally make it out of your room , down the grand stair case you need not look further for dinner than the hotel restaurant . it is called cafe des architectes and like the hotel itself melds a modern sophistication with classic french techniques . their wine list is amazing but their prices are fantastic for a hotel near the magnificent mile . a full dinner including appetizer , main course , and dessert can be had for N , amazing . if you are looking for a modern , urban , chic hotel in chicago then look no further , the sofitel chicago water tower hotel is your only real choice . 
this hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last N years . the first room they gave us was a shock . tiny and the bathroom was a joke , , you had to step inside , move out of the way just to shut the door . the furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was very beat up and painted over about N times . so they transfered us to the ' executive suite ' that room had a tiny bathroom . . i mean tiny ! the furniture was hideous and dirty . it was on the Nrd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud . the only impressive part is the lobby . . but don ' t be fooled . because after that . . the floors above look like they need a major overhaul . . and the rooms were not worth even N per night . we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through priceline deal . i don ' t think we want to do priceline again only because they have the knickerbocker as a N star hotel and we don ' t ever want to go back there again . N stars at best for the dumpy knickerbocker . they should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms . boomer . naperville , il 
