the swissotel chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist ' s paradise , a hotel so grand and luxurious that you ' d rather stay than return home at the end of your trip . but is it really as magnificent as suggested ? true , you can get a massage , the rooms have flat screen t . v . s and ipod docks , heck , there ' s even a gym . but the truth is , you ' re really paying much more for a few things you don ' t really need . the swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur , when really , all you ' re getting is a holiday inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mpN player . overpriced dining options are available at the palm restaurant . they claim to serve excellent lobster , yet what i ordered was the size of a craw fish , and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth . this hotel hides behind a velvet curtain , hoping their facade won ' t be revealed . 
we paid N a night through priceline , which is excellent for june . our room had a fantastic view of the hancock building and the river . the room was large , clean and had a couch , easy chair and desk chair . the bedding was the newer ' non-bedspread ' style , the bed was comfortable , the bathroom was large and , well , we were pleased with the room and the hyatt in every way . we ate at the lobby restaurant , which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there . we only got cobb salads , so i don ' t know if the food , in general , is good or not . the cobb was so-so . our only complaint was the N fee to park your car over-night and the N daily fee for the internet . many places are offering free internet these days and i wish the hyatt would hop on board with this concept . we hated to leave ! 
james chicago the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised . i didn ' t want stay in this hotel , but my wife insisted . ok , so when i booked the ticket , it cost me N for one room . N ! i could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point ! the room was stylish though , it looked nice . there was a tv , and the beds were fine . although i couldn ' t quite understand why they had wifi and no computer . why would i even need wifi if there is no computer ? what were they thinking ! ? the experience i had with james chicago was a bit below of what i had expected . i mean the food available there wasn ' t very tasty at all . i had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and i was also hoping to browse the internet , but they had no computer , only wifi . that ' s like only having bread , without any fillings to make it into a sandwich ! 
stayed at this hotel with N friends or N nights . the hotel was clean and tidy , throughout . the concierge christopher was excellent and helped as with all our needs , gave us discount vouchers etc . hotel was in excellent position . N blocks from john hancok building and more importantly the cheesecake factory , bloomingdales N blocks away and the water tower shopping centre N blocks away . we went to the huge i max cinema which is about ten minutes away . cant wait to go back to chicago and the affinia 
i recently had the misfortune of staying at the swissotel chicago hotel in illinois , and it was one of the worse travel experiences i have ever had ! first off the shuttle that was suppose to pick us up at the air port was late by over an hour ! then when the bus finally came , the driver was nice enough but it was clearly his first day on the job since he got lost going back to the hotel . finally when we got to the hotel they didn t seem to have our reservation for the Nnd room . ( my wife and i stay in one room , our teenage girls usually stay in their own room . ) so after the very rude clerk at the corner did nothing to help us we were forced to pack into one room . we would have rented another room but they had no vacancies left . they hotel did have a large occupancy rate , but that only slowed up everything else . our room service was late almost everytime we ordered , and the hotel restaurant never had a wait less then N mins . the quality of the room was fair enough , but it was almost impossible to get room service , we could not get fresh towels for almost N days ! we were suppose to stay for a week , we left after N days and found a different hotel to stay at . i would not recommend this place to anyone ! stay away ! 
i have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood , cost and amenities . the hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open , you wouldn ' t know it . you need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock . the beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a ' nicer historic hotel . ' i will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime . it was a very frustrating experience . 
i travel a lot for business and quite frankly , my expectations were starting to reach new lows . i usually always choose w hotels just for the consistency ( of average hotels ) . the affinia in chicago has raised my expectations and w hotels are going to suffer in comparison . this hotel is one of the cleanest i have stayed at in some time . service was impeccable . friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels i ordered arrived literally within minutes . the gym has new equipment with plenty of space . and such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music . i have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the affinia and i was so pleased . my new ' chicago hotel ' . it will even lead me to try the manhattan hotels . 
arrived on N N N , greeted by friendly doorman , and zipped up to the Nth floor lobby . very open lobby area with friendly reception staff . room was on the Nth floor and very nice . everything was in order and very clean ! the king size bed was nice and each night i had a restful sleep . bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall . the room was furnished with everything i needed including internet hook-up access . also , you can walk thru on the Nth fl to the westfield north bridge shopping mall , where you will enjoy nordstrom and other stores . of course , you ' re steps from michigan ave . too . the central location of the hotel was great , as i could walk to most places . the cta subway stop ( grand ave . on red line ) was an easy N block walk . i will stay here again on my next trip to chicago ! 
this hotel has a great location and nice infrastructure . the river north area is full of great restaurants and the north bridge area is great for out of towners . the decor is lovely and a nice hold-over from when this was a le meridian . while the conrad aspires to be in the top tier along with the peninsula , the four seasons , the ritz and park hyatt , it falls short . we and dinner at the terrace restarant outside the other day and were initially impressed with the setting and the selection . while the prices were similar to the peninsula , we figured that it was a nice day and worth a try . wow , were we ever disappointed . first off , we were told that we could have a seat but only stay until N . ok , thats fine and we sat down . the waitress made a point to ask if anything was wrong , so that she could make it right . when we indicated that our glasses of champagne were not very full ( N per glass ) , she consulted with the manager and then another manager ( a heavier fellow in a dark suit ) . she came back and said that was the standard puor and that she would be glad to bring us additional glasses . what bothers me is not the outcome , but the fact that the management is not service focused . at a four seasons or the peninsula , this would never happen and if we expressed any displeasure , it would be made right . at the conrad , the terrace manager just ignored it . 
we attended a bachorette party in chicago in aug N . there were N girls total . we had N rooms . . . and i did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend . never been to chi-town before , i booked our hotel based on reviews from ta . and we were not disappointed . the staff is wonderful , the happy hour was just fabulous . the room was nice and clean , with a great double headed shower and aveda products was an extra bonus ! then you also get free internet in your room ! the hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness . we still talk about what a wonderful time we had . . . and we all agree that if we ever go back to chicago we will be staying at the amalfi again . trust me the pics don ' t do it justice ! 
three nights there on business . hadn ' t realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement , very bleak . told the front desk that i hadn ' t realized about the construction , so i ' d have to switch hotels , they said they were still going to charge me for N nights . so i stayed . tv didn ' t work . tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me . . . eventually after i called again , a few hours later , a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it . long and complicated experience at the business center ( which doesn ' t open until Nam , btw ) , where i ended up paying N to print N pages . had to buy these cards , and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway , ( and charging me for them ) . i was left with N on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the swissotel in chicago , N miles from where i live . i asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that . nice room , nice view , but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad . worst experience i ' ve ever had at a hotel when traveling for business . 
i stayed here last august and i ' m truly glad that i will never have to stay here again . the website does a great job of creating an illusion . the rooms are so much smaller than it seems on the website . i thought the monaco was walking distance to a few nightclubs but it isnt . the wireless internet is free but it is extremely slow . for such a ' classy ' hotel , there isnt a pool . at N per night , the on-site parking is way too expensive for guests . all and all , i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
as a regular visitor to chicago and a freuent guest at the ambassador east , i was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit . room service has been eliminated despite the renowned pump room being located in the hotel , there was no in-room directory , the carpet was torn and stained , no phone book , the refigerator and honor bar had been removed , and the room was so small i had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire . i asked the desk clerk about larger rooms , and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue , as there are several larger room types . he didn ' t even offer to check availablity of other rooms ! in talking with the consierge , she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years . all in all , a very disappointing , and expensive , experience . 
the palmer house has a beautiful lobby with a great bar and restaurant . the rooms are way too small ! ! ! two people in a room with a king size bed can barely move around . not enough room for two suitcases . our room was very outdated-reminded us of the movie the shining . very noisy ! ! ! ! don ' t expect a quiet stay . you can hear everything that your neighbors are doing and saying not to mention everything that is happening in the hallways . we requested a room change as soon as we checked in . the room that we originally were in had a huge square cut out of the wall that had exposed pipes , bricks , dirt and dust . oh and the construction for their renovations starts at N a . m . during the week . we will never stay at the palmer house again . you are better off spending a few more dollars at a different hotel . 
recently staying at the omni chicago hotel , was a waste of money . the rooms are typical standard rooms , ( unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms ) , the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless , your ideal , idea of service is waiting in the lobby for N minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room . sorry to say in short i think my money would have been better spent staying at a hojo ' s . 
having traveled to chicago on business once before , i was looking forward to spending some vacation time in the city and wanted to have the best accommodations for my trip . after some research , i decided that the palmer house hilton sounded like the perfect place to stay . and , in a way , it was perfect -- perfectly awful . after reading some positive reviews and checking out the hotel ' s website , i was expecting a luxury room that was a notch above the ordinary . however , my standard guest room , which the hotel ' s website describes as ' deluxe , ' was very bland and generic and reminded me of rooms i had stayed in at budget chain hotels , not pricier historic hotels , such as this one . the carpeting looked dingy , so i had to wear shoes or slippers any time i walked on it and there was a gap in the curtains that made it impossible to block out the sunlight in the morning -- or the horrendous view of a brick wall that i had from my window . in addition , the sink in the bathroom dripped constantly and was an annoyance all night long . everything cost extra , including the gym , the pool and the spa , and the restaurant prices were outrageous . this hotel is overpriced , overrated and definitely subpar . i wouldn ' t recommend it to my worst enemy . 
this is about the fourth time we stayed at the allegro . the previous times , i have nothing but good to say about the allegro . but my reaction has soured on this place . we have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in december as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping . from the very start , this year was a disappointment . i had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the allegro . i was quoted one price ( higher than what was on line ) , when i mentioned this , i was told i could have the lower price . at check in , the desk was nice but not friendly . we discovered that our room was not as good as in the past ( punishment for asking for a lower price ? ) the closet had no hangers , we had no place to put our suitcase . no one mentioned the wine reception in the evening . on the second day , we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing . it took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one . i wrote the management following our stay . i have yet to receive a reply . needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time . i would advise others to do the same . 
i decided to spend the extra money booking a room at the monaco because of the website ' s pictures of the beautiful rooms and views . it was a waste of cash , to say the least . although i had requested a room with a view of the city , they must have given me the worst room in the place . maid service skipped over my room on my second day there , and i had to call for towels at least twice before someone finally came to my room . the food was outrageously expensive and not even lukewarm . two-star hotel quality . 
we stayed at the hard rock on january Nth , N for N night . it is located on michigan ave , just two blocks from the mag mile , two blocks from millenium park , and five blocks from the chicago art institute . our hotel room was very nice with views of michigan ave and a unusually comfy bed . the hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms . parking was N for valet and N for self parking . the staff was very helpful with all of our request . 
great location - right on the chicago river - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size , very clean and with a nice river view - overall , a great staff - in particular i would like to point out christy morgan - chief experience officer and paula fortney - concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - ( in the interests of full disclosure , we stayed here on our amex - starwood points ) 
i stayed at the hilton chicago back in july . for a ' luxury ' hotel this place did not meet my expectations . for starters , we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn ' t be ready for at least another hour ! i ' m used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee . since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel ' s restaurants , kitty o ' sheas . well , we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks . once we finally got to our room it was ok , although not great for the price . we had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view , and there were not extra towels as i had requested . we had to call room service twice to receive them , then another two times because our air conditioner wasn ' t working . fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so i could barely use internet on my phone . next time i ' m in the chicago area i won ' t be staying at the hilton . i ' d only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money . 
our stay at the hilton chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure . the staff was super friendly and helpful , the room was very clean and the location was fantastic . the walking track was an especially nice touch . highly recommended ! 
this was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go . for this week ' s vacation in chicago , i heard several recommendations regarding lodging , but the james chicago was mentioned most emphatically . i expected an experience of comfort , luxury and customer satisfaction , but i was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel . the design is breathtaking -- modern , clean , stylish , sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby , shops and restaurants , to the stunning guest rooms themselves . my family and i felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in , and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor . far from a traditional hotel experience , this was like moving into chic , exclusive downtown apartment , and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living . impressive , too , was the hotel ' s overall approach to its guests and its use of the world ' s resources . from its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage , the james offers a unique perspective on its place in the world , and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance . it ' s a respect that shows through , too , in other areas support for artistic organizations , charities and other programs of merit , as well as chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay , whether for a weekend , a week , or longer . the james chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit chicago . in fact , we may visit again solely to stay at the james ! 
just back from N night stay at omni and would thoroughly recommend it . staff bent over backwards to assist in anything , no matter how minute . great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my Nyo daughter . if i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges , taxes etc for room service , bar and restaurant , but where is cheap these days ? would definitely recommend it , especially for families . 
mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems . first the good outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland , as befitted the season . the restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don ' t write orders because they are expected to remember them , remember clients clearly from one day to the other , and go above and beyond consistently ) . rooms are comfortable yes the beds are great ! the gym is well equipped . second the slightly off putting mmmhh . . . we got the ' i love chocolate package ' which advertized bfast every day , dinner once , snack once and . . . a gift . and we have an a-club favorite guest membership , which also advertized ' a gift ' . so , no gift . . . either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership . upon enquiry , ' the snack was the gift ' . not at all what the package suggested . that said , bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well . some problems at checkout though we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem . would absolutely go back , but probably not on a special package . 
beautifully appointed , professionally staffed , comfortable , well-located , and elegant , with wireless internet access ( plus free access in an alcove on the second floor ) , fitness center ( a little small but fine if you use it at the right time ) , good energy clientele , easy access to michigan avenue , next door to N-hour restaurant , N blocks from N starbucks , elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything . will definitely return ! 
i ' ve been here for N days . great location right off of miracle mile , near all major hotels , best shopping and theatres . rooms very large . hotel staff very friendly and helpful , and respond immediately . problems there frequently are homeless people ( even during daylight ) on superior between st . clair and michigan avenue ( the main route you walk for or all activities , and just about everything is in walking distance from here ) . at night , the street on the north side of superior is dark , and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors . the street people do not approach you , although they may stare as you go by . usually N or more along the way , where they sleep on the window sills of neiman marcus . i would not think a woman would feel safe by herself . ( i am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia . ) there are homeless up and down michigan street , but this is different as it ' s a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street . the entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work , and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation . for now , expect two extremely small , warm , slow elevators with long waits serving N floors and warm , cramped hallways ! all the walls throughout the hotel need painting , and the wallpaper is peeling in places . in the room , several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection , the carpets were stained , the bathrooms needed new grout ( some mold visible ) , the tv is very small ( N inch ? ) and the windows very , very dirty . you won ' t get your room serviced unless you ask for it , sometimes more than once . the ' pub ' downstairs is run down , dark and kind of creepy . food and room service are very expensive , as is parking ( N day public and N day valet ) . on the plus side , the bed was very comfortable , there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area , plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans st . clair street toward the north and south . you can see a sliver of lake michigan . pool small , but clean . all in all , it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room , but i think it is overpriced , and i would not stay here again . 
my husband and i went to chicago for three nights for a quick get-away . we chose fairmont chicago millennium park because it was located at the heart of the city , downtown chicago . the hotel itself was very elegant and modern . the bed was extremely comfortable and i was able to wake up with music from my ipod . i would definitely stay with them again . 
my wife and i stayed here in the middle of february N . we took the ( el ) subway to the hotel from o ' hare . it was very convenient . the lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable . i ' ve stayed in many a hotel room , this bed was the most comfortable i ' ve ever slept in . the hotel is located in a great area and close to everything . walking distance to almost all the interesting sites chicago has . would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city . 
i will never stay here again . i was lured in by the hotel ' s pictures showing a fabulous suite . instead i arrived to find cheap furniture that smelled of old cheese . i called the front desk to see if there was another room available . i was put on hold for five minutes and no one came back on the line . i ended up going to the front desk myself . i was ignored and not given assistance until i interrupted the front desk clerk who seemed to be on a personal call . the clerk apologize but then looked at me with an attitude when i requested another room because mine smelled like old cheese . i was informed that there were no other rooms available but that they would send up housekeeping . housekeeping sprayed some febreeze on the couch and then left . i tried to relax by turning on the tv in the bedroom . i sat on the bed and saw something scurry under the pillow . i checked the corner of the mattress and found bedbugs . i packed up my bags and left after that . i did get a refund on the room after some complaining . i went across town to the marriott where i had a much better stay . 
i recently stayed at the hotel monaco and i must say , it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city . in the past , i ' ve always stayed at the marriott or the hilton so this time i thought i ' d go with a boutique hotel . i ' ve stayed at some of the kimpton properties in san francisco so i was delighted that they are running the monaco . basically , i like the friendly , real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places i ' ve used before . i do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill i normally use . south water kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants . i really dug the complimentary coffee , high speed internet and newspaper . i get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service . all in all , i will return to the monaco . it ' s a great alternative . 
the homewood suites is one of my favorite hotels in chicago ! it is a great place to stay as a family . the last time my family and i visited chicago , we stayed and picked the shedd aquarium package . what an amazing time ! the aquarium is great , and we saved a lot of money by buying this package . i also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen . with two really picky children , it was so nice to be able to cook , or at least to have the option . we also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the homewood suites chicago downtown . nice pool , great workout room , breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening . i wouldn ' t stay anywhere else when i visit the windy city ! 
attended a conference at the palmer house and it truly surpassed my expectations . i had no idea it would be so large , so nice and with so many amenities . i also didn ' t realize that it is just around the corner from milenium park and the art institute . we were met at the door by the friendliest staff . even with a long line at check-in , the entire process was about N minutes . we enjoyed the room with the up-to-date tv , decent size bathroom and comfortable bed . had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant . paid N night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown chicago . we have stayed at the sofital which is much more upscale , but we also paid over N night there . 
the ambassador east hotel in chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the windy city . my fiancee and i enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay . the staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best i ' ve ever dealt with when traveling , and valet parking is always a perk ! the rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel . the bed was extremely comfortable ! there was cable tv , of course , and hbo was included , so there was always something to watch . wireless internet signal was excellent and i had no trouble getting online . we had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay , and the food was fantastic ! great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay , but this one was worth going back to ! overall , it was an incredible stay , and we hope to stay at the ambassador east again next time we ' re in chicago ! 
we ' ve stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff wasn ' t rude , just incompetent . for example , we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room , which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel . nonetheless , the staff brought us N coffee mugs . . . the list of issues goes on unfortunately , including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental we eventually had to stop watching after N minutes . and the room itself was not clean the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold . clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities , but training or sufficient staff . . . oh , but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same . find a newer hotel , there are many in this great city . 
the chicago palmer house disappointed me . i chose it because it a hilton hotel , but it definitely does not live up to the standard set by this name . my first impression was a negative one when i was greeted by a rather rude staff . my room might have been luxurious years ago , but the general impression was that it had not been cleaned regularly and could use a little freshening . the bathroom was obviously newer but the shower was difficult to use and the water pressure was absolutely horrible . the food served by the room service and at the hotel ' s restaurant sounded delicious on the carefully crafted menus , and the high prices made me expect delicate cuisine . the food simply did not deliver its promises . everything tasted very bland and the portions were ridiculously small . the location of the hotel might seem like an advantage , since it is in downtown chicago nearby many touristic attractions however , the windows in my room did not protect me from the constant noise of cars going by . overall , this hotel would be decent if it did not advertise itself as a luxury hotel and did not use the hilton name and price range . 
staying at the swissotel in downtown chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience . not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions , but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal . there are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food . the rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find . finally , the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance . overall i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel . 
we were encouraged to stay at the affinia as part of a group in town for a chicago wedding . we booked our rooms N months in advance , with the promise of a brand-new , full service hotel in a great locaiton in chicago . the lobby was non-existant ( under construction ) . the front desk staff was incredibly rude and unhelpful . the hallways and elevators are small , cramped and uncomfortable . the rooms are great - great beds , great television set . no room service - the kitchen is under construction . the bottom line is that during our stay , this was not a full-service hotel and should not have charged what they did . we were totally disappointed , hope it will improve , but vow to never stay there and will recommend to anyone to check out one of chicago ' s truly amazing hotels . it is not worth the risk with this unproven dress rehearsal . 
we had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the affinia chicago hotel . we found it conveniently located on e . superior street , near many local attractions . the rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel . the pillow menu was awesome , my partner and i have such different preferences , the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home . the hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect ! i couldn ' t believe the amenities available to guests . my beagle , betsy enjoyed her stay at the ' jet set pet ' care center . she was pampered as much as i was . it was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership ! another feature i personally enjoyed was the walking tour kit . it included an ipod shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist , a deck of cards guidebook that included walking tours , and comfort items like a towel and map ! i felt like i was the most important guest ( surely , everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms ) . highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an affinia hotel ! ! 
my husband and i stayed at the conrad chicago on our Nst anniversary tripped and had a wonderful experience thanks to the staff . not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance , but they rooms were also clean and quiet . the staff was helpful and accommodated our requests . we ' ll definitely be staying here again next time we visit chicago ! also if you stay you must eat at the restaurant . fabulous food ! 
we were hungry and tired when we checked into the chicago sheraton . the nice clerk at the front desk got us checked in efficiently and with a warm smile . he made us dinner reservations at shula ' s ( giving us time to shower and change ) and arranged for a bellhop to take our bags up to the room for us - what service ! ! we enjoyed our steaks and the bottle of wine that was recommended by the waiter at shula ' s - truly a lovely meal . when we returned to our room we were delighted to find that the towels had been replenished and the bed turned down ! we enjoyed the view from our room before turning in and having a very restful night ' s sleep in an incredibly comfortable bed . kudos to the chicago sheraton for getting everything just right ! 
my wife and i recently stayed at the allegro hotel in chicago and were extremely disappointed . it claims to be a luxury hotel , but the air conditioning in our unit wasn ' t working and the ice maker in refridgerator was unbearably slow . we phoned in these issues to the front desk and the person on the other end assured us these problems would be taken care of . noone ever showed up . aside from that , there were so many kids running around we couldn ' t think straight . this is just my two cents , but i ' d would tell anyone considering staying at the allegro to pass and look at their other options . 
amalifa hotel in chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience . i was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service . i will definitely be returning for another stay ! 
no excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner . i wouldn ' t expect a cold shower at a budget hotel , let alone an omni . great location and the bar is nice . 
the best service ! ! ! the staff here was incredible . you never had to lift a finger . the room was huge as hotel rooms go . the view was phenomenal . location great . what a great weekend . we did stop for a drink at the palm restaurant and unfortunately , it closes at N p . m . too bad ! ! ! the lobby lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the palm . 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers for three days while i was in chicago on business . this was quite possibly the best hotel experience that i have ever had , which says a lot considering the fact that i stay in hotels quite frequently . the staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating . they made sure that i had absolutely everything that i could want or need . their friendliness came across in a very genuine manner , not fake or forced like some employees can be . the room itself was to die for . the bedding was so soft and the room was extremely clean and well kept . i cannot speak highly enough about the quality of the mattress and bedding ! because of the mattress and bedding , i got the best three nights of sleep i ' ve ever had . the views of downtown chicago were absolutely amazing from my room . the way the city lights sparkled stole my heart and almost made me want to move to chicago . the food was amazing also . i made it a point to eat at all three of the hotel ' s restaurants and visit the bar while i was there . my favorite restaurant of the three was shula ' s steak house . the chi bar , the hotel ' s bar , was amazingly designed and the drinks were great . all in all , i would rate my experience a N out of N . there is nowhere else in downtown chicago that compares to the sheraton . 
my three night stay at fairmont chicago millennium park was the perfect way to end a weekend . the hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes . the staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile . the myspa was the getaway of a life time . my only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time . well worth the money and i know my next stay will be much longer . 
the hotel is located in an hard to fins location in chicago , the dining room for dinner is uncomfortably crowded , the room service is hard to reach , overall it was not a pleasant hotel stay . 
stayed at the fitzpatrick before , about N years ago , it was ok . the management was great , staff was so kind , and rooms were clean . but this time i promised my self never to go back ! ! the new staff was so rude ! ! i made a reservation for my anniversary on the internet , and the day of check in i was told by the hotel staff that they do not have my reservation ! N ) i was transferred around back and forth from the hotel staff to the reservations hotline . N ) staff was extremely rude ! not arrogant , but rude ! like they hated thier job . N ) they offered check in at Npm but the room wasn ' t ready till Npm ! N ) there were stains everywhere ! N ) because of the high sales of rooms due to popularity on this site , they must have hired a cheap unfriendly staff . 
the hotel definitely doesn ' t match its N . N rating . the receptionist was very unhelpful and dishonest , and i don ' t feel welcome at all . i booked a non-smoking room , but upon arrival , the receptionist told me that there was no non-smoking room left . of course he was lying . i argued with him for N minutes , before he reluctantly gave me a non-smoking room . at checkout , they tried to charge me N upgrade fee each day , because i requested a non-smoking room . this was completely ridiculous . i had to go argue with the receptionist again before they agreed to take away the charges . the room was quite small , the tv was broken , so i had to call someone to fix the tv . then the wireless network banned my ip address , so i had to talk to their tech-support -- the tech support was quite friendly , knowledgeable and helpful -- i guess this was the only bright point of the stay . 
do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room , that was supposed to be ready , with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used ? what about when they left the towel for the floor ( the foot towel ) to dry my face ? what about the slippers that , although being still in the bag , had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage ( all over the room , de facto ) . i didn ' t realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her . shame on us , actually ! 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is my favorite place to stay in chicago ! i travel to chicago very often to visit my son , who is training for the u . s . navy . they make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation . the indoor pool and sauna are amazing , and i never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped . if you dine at the lb bistro , you must try the eggs benedict ) the staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature . 
this hotel was gorgeous ! i really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future . the staff was friendly , the room was clean , comfortable and very well decorated . the restaurant room service was also exceptional . the food was delicious and the room service was prompt . this hotel is also in a great location . it is close to everything anyone may need , such as shopping , food and attractions . 
we stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend ' s wedding . the price was about N to N of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area . first the minuses . N . ) the standard rooms are small . if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade . N . ) since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted . N . ) there really are no views from the hotel . now the plusses . N . ) the shower is awesome . probably one of the best hotel showers i ' ve seen . rain shower with wand , great pressure and the enclosure didn ' t leak like a lot of these shower stalls do . very nice . N . ) the fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch . very modern and clean . N . ) the bed was great . better than some hotels that promote their beds . great nights sleep . overall . this is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room . if you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work . anyone else should really like the experience . all i care about when i travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day . if you are the same this is a good spot for you . 
i stayed at the chicago fairmont for four nights for a conference . my fiance ' accompanied me . when we checked in , we were given a room with two full size beds despite the fact that our reservation was for one king size bed . so instead of relaxing on the large luxurious bed we had imagined , we were forced to either sleep in separate beds like ward and june cleaver or either cuddle up on a small full size like two college kids in a fraternity house ! we discovered that the coffee maker wasn ' t working and called down to the desk to have someone look at it , and waited two and half hours . we had issues with the plumbing , including extremely slow hot water tap in the bathtub which took N minutes to fill . the toilet stopped working twice . we returned one afternoon from the art museum to find the maid in our room , sitting on the bed , watching the tv and talking on her cell phone . they bellman were rude , and wouldn ' t let my fiance unload our own car which was packed with some of his very expensive camera equipment . there were errors on our bill . last but not least , we saw a roach in the drawers . alive . the restaurant downstairs was decent , and the location is fairly good since my conference was in the hyatt next door but for the price you can find someplace better . i will never ever stay here again under any circumstances . 
my husband and i visited the fairmont chicago millennium park for our honeymoon . the customer service was amazing . from the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing . these people were proficient , respectful and very thoughtful . the fairmont had a lounge , a wine room , a bar and a restaurant . i couldn ' t decide where i wanted to go first ! after we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room . . . it was totally delicious . we also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon ! then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa , once again excellent ! ! everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time . we stayed in the gold room . although it was a little bit smaller than i thought it would be i was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows . my husband and i relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city . it was a wonderful experience that i will never forget . four thumbs up ! 
i was disappointed in my stay at the james . i am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs . each time i sat down for a meal , i would explain my dietary needs to the waiter . most times , i ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included . my wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations , i made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her cpap machine . i was assured that this was no problem . however , when we arrived at the hotel , we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed . we had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned . overall , it was not an entirely horrific stay , but i expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber . next time i visit chicago , i will be staying at another hotel . 
this was the best choice my husband and i could have chosen to visit ! the hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water ! i was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym . everything was so clean and invoting . especially the pump room there was so much history in one rooom . overall , we had a great , relaxing vacation away from the kids . i would definitely return to the ambassador next time we ' re in the area ! 
don ' t let the website fool you . i stayed at the amalfi hotel chicago on my last business trip , and this was probably one of the worst N star hotel i ' ve ever stayed at . the website makes the place look like a N star hotel but it ' s more on par with a N stars or N , if you want to be generous . first off , the rooms are not as nice or clean as they look in the picture . the room that i checked into was dingy with paint peeling from the walls , and the carpet looked like it hadn ' t been vacuumed since god knows when . since i was only staying one night , i decided not to ask for a different room- although i don ' t know if asking for a different room would ' ve made any difference considering the lack of hospitality from the reception desk . when i arrived , there were two receptionists chatting it up- no acknowledgement , no prompt service . i had to wait about N minutes although i was the only one in line before any of them acknowledged me . and no , they weren ' t talking about hotel matters . i ' m not a difficult or an especially picky person , and who doesn ' t chat during work with their co-workers but for them to completely ignore and make a client wait for N minutes shows serious lack of professionalism . do yourself a favor , and go stay at the marriott if you want service- unless the price is tempting but you get what you pay for . 
we booked the amalfi looking for a great boutique hotel in chicago . the hotel is a nice property with clean rooms and nice amenities in a good location . however , when i booked the hotel i was offered an upgraded room from a king room to a corner king room for only N more . that was great until i checked in . the corner room looked at two brick walls and an alley . during the night there were several homeless individuals fighting in the alley . it would seem that this is a place for them to congregate . on top of this , the dumpsters in the alley were being emptied by the waste department between N and N am in the morning . the noise was crazy loud . i think this is a nice hotel with some unfortunate aspects due to its location . the staff is extremely friendly and very helpful . 
i usually stay at the hotel monaco but stayed at the allegro because most the monaco was booked . while the allegro is similar to the monaco in it ' s decor ( less traditional and more funky interior ) it is not nearly as nice . the linens are not as high quality as the monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice . the rooms are also smaller . the main reason i would not recommend the hotel though , is the bathroom . it has an old tiled floor , with an old sink , and old toilet . it reminds me of something you would find in a men ' s locker room . although the allegro has installed a nice mirror , it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance . also , the layout of the bathroom is terrible . the toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet . also , the room is not very clean as well . the floor in my room was dirty and i found crumbs in the drawers . i would recommend staying at the monaco , hard rock , or soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice . 
the james hotel met and exceeded our expectations . a haven of cool , uncluttered comfort in a hot , crowded but congenial city . located within steps of some of the greatest art , architecture , culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in north america , the staff of the james provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited . the check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm , restorative oasis . it is difficult to over-praise the friendly , attentive staff this is a hotel that truly has its act together ! the day before our visit ended , we experienced problems with the room ' s air conditioner . when the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem , we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the chicago skyline . we eagerly await the opening of new james hotels in other cities . 
they rave about their beds but the beds were average . on surface room seemed clean , however , dropped my pen behind nightstand and discovered at least an inch of dust . it appeared there had been repairs to something where they had to cut away part of the wall . the repair job was covered up with a wallpaper board over the hole but the board did not even completely cover hole . impossible to have a decent shower or bath . extreme water saving devices on both the shower and tub provided basically a trickle of water . i was unable to get the shampoo out of my hair as pressure was so poor . also be prepared to be nickled and dimed to death . there was even a N charge if you used the coffeemaker in the room , really ! for room service they tack on a delivery charge and a N gratuity . since the waiter does not stay to serve you how is he earning a gratuity . i have already been charged for him to deliver the food . the parking fees were outrageous at N a night but to add insult they charge a hotel patron the same fees as the general public . upon packing to leave we realized that the dvd set my son had brought was missing . i reported the theft to the hotel . had to file a report with security who promised me they would investigate and get back to me within N days . it has now been over two weeks . no follow up , no apology even given . we will never stay at this hotel again . we have been to chicago many times and this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at . 
the staff at the james chicago hotel seemed determined to make my stay a horrible one . when i entered the establishment to check in , i was ignored . the clerk let half a dozen people in front of me before she even acknowledged me . thinking room service would be better , i relaxed in my room while i waited for my food . by the time it reached my room , it was cold and the wrong order . disgusted , i went down to the pool only to find it was closed for maintenance . all the restaurants the hotel recommended were one-star , and none of my regular channels were on the tv . all in all , it was a bad stay at the james hotel in chicago . 
although the intercontinental chicago hotel is located on ' the magnificent mile , ' our entire experience as guests there was anything but . . . . believe me , the ' magnificence ' ends at the hotel entrance ! from check-in to check-out , our impressions ranged from lackluster to horrific . first , there was an error with our reservation , and once we got to our room , we found that neither our phone nor our internet connection worked , so down i trudged to the registration desk--where i had to wait in line for at least twenty minutes--to ask for help . the first night we spent was nearly totally sleepless due to tv noise coming from the next room we weren ' t sure whether it was due to excessively inconsiderate neighbors or thin walls . then , dog tired the next morning--even though we had hung a ' do not disturb ' sign on our door handle--in barged the maid all bright-eyed and bushy tailed with scrubber in hand . following that rude awakening , i was jarred again by a blood-curdling shriek from my wife , who , upon entering the bathroom to take her shower , was greeted by an incredibly large roach ! breakfast--actually all meals of which we partook at the hotel--were served cold and were somewhat tasteless . we were routinely ignored by the concierge , who always seems to be on a personal call whenever we needed him . trying to leave the hotel was equally as difficult as checking in . of course , there was a gross error in our bill which caused us to be delayed in our effort to depart . getting out of the intercontinental chicago was , believe me , the best part of our experience as guests there . 
the hotel is just ok . stayed there for N days when visiting friends . they had a renovation going so there was no lobby , bar or anything . just a decently furnished room for N usd . the renovation was not annoying but i think they ahould charge . . . much less untill its done . you cant beat the location ! very convenient especially if u like chicqgo nightlife ! 
i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel chicago in chicago , illinois . i must say , that staying at this hotel is like staying at a high end hotel for celebrities . there are spa packages , room service , and the hotel is decorated extremely beautifully . i would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking to be treated like a star . they take reservations , and also have a great restaurant right inside of the building . whatever you need , they will accommodate you . this is heaven on earth ! i would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel , even if its for one day , its worth it . 
i recently traveled up to chicago for business and had a terrific N day N night stay at the sofitel chicago water tower in downtown . the location was perfect as it gave me easy access to michigan avenue and the conference center where i was doing business . my hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere . i ordered room service for dinner and it came within N minutes so i was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs . the food was extremely good and i really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat . i had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress . i woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel . they had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well . after shower i headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests . the breakfast was delicious and started my day out right . after my business stuff was over i really got out and enjoyed chicago . i met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well . when i go back to chicago i will definitely stay at the sofitel again . 
stayed here for N nights while visiting chicago for the first time . the location is great , the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms . the lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink . didn ' t eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside the art institute , cultural centre macys . staff were friendly . would recommend it as a base to tour the city . 
during my recent trip to chicago , i stayed at the ambassador east hotel , which is located in the downtown are . i have to say i was not pleased with my stay there . for one , i had requested that my room have one king sized bed when i called for reservations , however , when i arrived , the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and i had to settle with two double sized beds . when i told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation , he just shrugged his shoulders . when i got to my room , i found it to be very small . there was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room . there wasn ' t , although i did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed . at night , there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel . i did not figure what the convention was for , but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise . i called the front desk several times complaining about the noise . each time they assured me they would deal with the noise , but the racket never dissipated and i finally gave up getting any sleep . i did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me , the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble i had been having at the hotel , but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble . when i left the ambassador east , i vowed that if i ever returned to chigaco , i would never stay at this place again . 
great place , great room , great location . even though there was a big meeting going on ( rainbow girls in all their enormous gowns ) the only consequence for us was slow elevators . ballroom is amazing , shops on ground floor a nice throwback . lake views from upper floors -- we were on N i think -- are worth it . concierge advice about restaurants etc was excellent . definitly would return . 
this is a review of a first class hotel the intercontinental chicago . it ' s located on chicago ' s famous magnificent mile near restaurants , shopping , entertainment , and historic landmarks . the service at the hotel is first class and the accommodations are unbeatable . the hotel also features really fabulous amenities including a nice indoor swimming pool , fine dining , a N hour business center , and valet parking . this is a extra ordinary luxury hotel that will make your stay in chicago a joy . they offer a number of options on the rate and have a selection of package deals available . visit their website for a photo gallery and a virtual tour . 
on my recent weekend stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel , i was very disappointed . i chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area . from the look of the website , my expectations were above average . i felt the website led one to believe it was upscale . upon my arrival , i checked in . i was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room . as i was settling into the room , i began to notice a general lack of cleanliness . i noticed spiderwebs in corners , and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom . also , it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room , however , it did not work and i had to call down for them to bring a replacement . i , as a guest should not have had to call down , these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in . i found the restaurants on site to be crowded , loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal . i did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items . overall , my experience was not good and the next time i am in the area , i will chose another hotel for my stay . 
if you have not tried the millennium knickerbocker for a stay in chicago , do it now ! we have stayed ( and enjoyed ) at the drake , intercontinental and others , but we always now come back to the knickerbocker . why ? if ' charlie ' the doorman is on duty and you pull up , he will welcome you . he ' ll probably ask your name . why ? because he wants to call you by your name every time he will see you during your visit . somehow he even lets the other employees know your name and all of a sudden , doorman , receptionist , bellman , waiter are referring to you by name . the employees are what makes this hotel . yes , it has everything to offer like all hotels , but the others don ' t have the fine people ( including the cleaning staff ) these folks have . try it , you will like it . we look forward to our next visit already . . . 
i recently had a horrible stay at the intercontinental hotel in chicago . when i first arrived i was impressed with the architecture and location , but things went downhill in a hurry . the front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though i had reserved a room with two queen beds , they told me that ' only king bed rooms were available at the time ' , and there was nothing they could do about it . the room itself was a nightmare . it smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement . there was also a huge problem with my television , in that it would automatically turn itself off every N minutes or so . i complained about these problems , but very little was done . the hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets , but the quality was only marginally improved . overall i was very disappointed with my stay at the intercontinental hotel in chicago . from the pictures i had seen online i had expected a wonderful hotel , but what i actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel . 
a great hotel , we used the cta the N days we were in chicago and it is great , that the line N stops nearly in front of the hotel . so we did not need any taxi and traveled from midway to the city and to ohare for N and we used the buses alot ( freezing cold ) . the hotel itself is great , very clean rooms , realy on of the best bathrooms i ever had . staff very friendly , they even found me out were i can get timerland shoes . . . . and she was right i got them in one place she told me . . . thats service . . . i also was having a look to the gym room and the swimming pool area , did not use it and i do not know if it would have been included in the room price . . . . but realy a nice view makes running easyer . . . . 
my husband and i planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in chicago . however our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival . the hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong . the gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers . the manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth . we did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room . needless to say , i was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in . if we had not paid the total cost up front , we would have just left and check into another hotel . 
me and my husband got married here . we loved the atmosphere of our suite . it felt like home away from home . they have a nice pool . the rooms were clean and the staff was courteous . thanks so much for doing such a great job with our wedding . amy c . of los angelas , california 
we really enjoyed our brief stay at the millennium knickerbocker ! from the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender , everyone we met was helpful and welcoming . our Nth-floor room was clean and beautiful , and the view looking north to the drake hotel and apartments across the street was nice . the in-room coffee service was appreciated , too . there isn ' t a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries , but i ' d still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day ! 
very beautiful hotel with a wonderful view . the dinning selection is one of the best i have seen in chicago . i have stayed many places downtown chicago and nothing matches this . i am a single mother with two children and the concept of having a day care facility on site is just not great for me but for my children as well . the shopping area has great selections right outside of the doors . the biggest thing that i have to say is that the customer service was great with everything that i needed . i give the hotel a N out of N . 
i loved it here ! my boyfriend and i booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our N nights here . ( i ' ve paid more to stay at the santa barbara motel N ! ! ) gorgeous hotel , great staff , fun bar lounge area and we were most impressed with the room . the large windows in the bathroom were the best--i took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of navy pier and the skyline . i remember thinking , ' this is really living . . . ' the room was comfortable and quiet , again with great views just like in the bathroom . chicago is a wonderful town--i have nothing but good things to say about it . can ' t wait to come back ! 
we stayed at the omni chicago hotel recently and had a great experience ! my husband and i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown chicago . we are frequent travelers who are used to staying in well-maintained , luxury properties with many amenities and the omni chicago definitely fit the bill . first of all , the hotel is all suites . we stayed in one of the ' premium suites ' . the accommodations were definitely luxurious , with premium bedding , very nice robes for our use , and a choice of pillows . we used the hypo-allergenic ones , but i believe you could have also chosen foam or feathers . we were pleased to find that the tv was plasma , we have found that not all hotels have upgraded to plasma and we don ' t wish to use one of the old-fashioned type of tvs anymore now that we are so used to plasma at home . there were actually two tvs in our suite . there were also some additional amenities that we appreciated such as high-speed internet access , a wet bar , an indoor swimming pool and two gorgeous sundecks for relaxing outside . the location was perfect as it was right in the midst of the miracle mile , with so much to do practically at the omni ' s doorstep . i also treated myself to the windy city massage , which was done in the comfort and luxury of our suite . the masseuse was excellent and she used very high-quality products for my sensitive skin . it was extremely relaxing and i was so pleased to find out that i could get this at the omni . it was easy for us to see why the omni came so highly recommended . i also wanted to mention that the staff was very helpful and friendly , recommending several excellent area restaurants . however , we think our best meal was at the omni ' s N restaurant , where my husband raved about the bone-in ribeye and i had the carrot soup and the lake erie silver bass . they had an extensive wine list and we were easily able to choose wines we loved with the staff ' s guidance . lastly , the hotel staff also highly recommended we visit the nearby art institute of chicago , which was a highlight of our trip . we loved that there were multiple museums so close to the omni ! we will be frequent visitors at the omni in the future , where i will definitely be getting the in-room massage again . we are going to pass this recommendation on to all of our friends and family - choose the omni for a great chicago experience ! 
on a recent business trip to chicago , i had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel . upon entrance , the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice . however , as i approached the check in counter , the woman working there was very terse and rude to me . they had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when i asked about changing it , i was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me . after a half hour , i finally received the correct room . the linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality , they were scratchy and had a musty smell . also , the bathroom wasn ' t cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket ( including a condom ) and there was no shampoo . also , i had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee . when i called the front desk to ask for some , they told be it was not free and would i like to charge the coffee to my account . i found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there . 
location is excellent , but don ' t valet your car there , ( N . N a day ) . bed was to soft , pillows were flat , we couldn ' t open up the mini bar cabinet because the bed was in the way . all in all not what you ' d expect from a hotel in that area . 
i traveled to chicago recently with my giant german shepard dog rex and picked the hard rock hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness . the service truly is incredible . they even had a web-cam so i could check in on rex while i was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when i could not make it home from a meeting the day after . the rooms really rock ( pardon the pun ) . nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets . the easy chair looked so good that i was almost afraid rex would snack on it while i was out , but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better . i would definitely recommend the hard rock hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets . 
this lovely hotel has only six floors , making it easy to get to elevators and down to reception . the building is dwarfed amongst all the skyscrapers around it . trump ' s huge new tower is just down the street . the amalfi looks recently refurbished , very modern , but warm and inviting . bedrooms quite spacious with lovely linens and very , very comfortable beds . bathroom quite small but roomy enough , with aveda tolietries and constant hot water in the showers . continental style breakfast is set out fresh every morning in front of the elevator of every floor . great to stumble out of bed and grab a coffee etc ( robes slippers provided ) without having to get dressed for a formal breakfast . really enjoyed the managers evening cocktail reception , especially the amalfitinis . a nice way to relax after a hard days ' shopping ! location is great for all the shops , transport , museums etc . easy walking to everywhere . staff also very friendly and welcoming . would definately stay there again . 
i was really excited to be visiting chicago for the first time , and the hotel that was recommended to me was the conrad chicago , located on rush street . i wanted a hotel that was conveniently located to all the downtown sites , and the conrad chicago does not disappoint in that respect . however , everything else about this hotel could be classified as sub-par , ranging from the rudeness of the check-in clerks to the roaches that were freely roaming in my room . this hotel does not deserve to be on anyone ' s recommended list . my first problem was a rude desk clerk who checked me in . after asking for three forms of identification ( most places only ask for a driver ' s license ) and asking me twenty questions about the reason for my trip to chicago , she reluctantly gave me a room key . i asked if there was a bell cap to help me with my bags and she said if i wanted to wait , one would be able to help in about N minutes . i didn ' t feel like waiting , so i dragged my bags to the room , only to find that the room key did not work ! instead of dragging everything back down , i decided to use my cell phone to call the front desk , only there was no cell phone signal in the hall way . i couldn ' t believe i was in the middle of downtown chicago and the hotel did not have a signal ! i finally flagged down someone from the housekeeping staff to let me into my room , but i immediately saw there were problems . two roaches scampered across the carpet and when i went into the bathroom , there were no towels or wash cloths . i went to turn on the tv and it didn ' t work . one of the lamps was missing a light bulb . i couldn ' t believe that this was happening to me . i was at the conrad chicago , not the motel six ! i then sat down on the bed and the mattress was soft and lumpy . i was ready to cry . i was spending a lot of money on this hotel and it was a dump . i called down to the front desk and asked for another room , but they refused , saying i had gotten a special rate and it did not allow room changes . i insisted that they give me towels , fix the tv , put a light bulb in the lamp and have someone spray to get rid of the roaches . they agreed , but told me it would take ' awhile ' because several of their key personnel had called in sick . my stay at the conrad chicago was a nightmare from beginning to end . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone 
i stayed at the fairmont chicago for one night - i ' m a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals . i checked in late ( almost Npm ) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- atlanta . i took the shuttle to the airport ( best option in lieu of the over priced taxis ) , and it was my first time staying at the hotel . upon arrival , i immediately noticed the entrance , which appeared very welcoming and warm to me . i checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if i ' d prefer a king or double ( reconfirming my reservation preference ) . i always take the king when i can , and the bed was fantastic ! it was suited with great linen and these incredible down feather pillows named encompass made by the pillow factory -- i checked the tags , since i plan to buy some ! i ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - aria , which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and yes , it does stand out all on it ' s own . the food is asian fusion , and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie , i appreciate great food when i taste it ! the hotel service was good as well . only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely . they missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet , which tasted a bit ' metallic ' . but they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after i passed on the buffet . i would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view ( if you can get a room with one ) , fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet . 
i recently stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago while on a business trip . i have to say that i was very displeased with the service i received during my stay . even though their website boasts that their staff will be at your beck and call , i found them to be very rude . the beds were extremely uncomfortable and the noise level very high . i was awakened by guests in the next room several times . even though i complained to the front desk , they did not resolve the issue . i definitely would not recommend this hotel and i will be staying at a different hotel if i am in the area again . 
my wife and i stayed at the ambassador east hotel last month for my son ' s wedding . when we got there nobody helped us with our bags and they took forever to valet our car . after waiting N minutes to get my car parked he expected a tip , which i found rude . after finally getting to our room i noticed crumbs on the floor and a dirty bathroom . i was extremely disappointed with the room and the service . i will not recommend this place to anyone . 
the service was only subpar and then rooms needed better cleaning . i was at the check in counter longer than expected because they decided to use a trainee to check me in , definitely no fun after such a long flight . there were no clean towels in the room and my bill was returned with room service charges of which i did not order . 
great bed , but when i first came in , i requested a room with a lake view ( i requested this over the phone as well ) , and the front desk woman said ' this is a great room ' . i go upstairs and its awful looking . the view was of the neighboring roofs . then i spent half an hour trying to find a better room . eventually i got a corner roof with a partial view . horrible experience . also rooms were small and had crappy look ( yellowy wallpaper and bedsheets ) 
very pleasant front staff , wine in the evening in the lobby , large rooms , great rates , and free internet for those that are members of the loyalty program . overall an excellent value . close to the el for those coming in from either midway or o ' hare airports . 
i can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover . N . there was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor . i kid you not . how can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm ? N . the furniture was severely chipped . ok . i dont mind chipped furniture if i am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister ' s apartment . but for N a night , i want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive N . the receptionist while i was checking in was super curt . i know it was late but isnt that sort of your job ? not everything was horribly bad though . the one star is for the bathroom that was super clean . i do not recommend this place at all . 
my stay at the homewood suites in downtown chicago was without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences in my live . i was there for a week long conference . although my reservations had been made months in advance , they did not have a suite for me when i arrived , resulting in having to stay in another hotel for the first night . once my room was ready , i was disappointed by the cleanliness and the limitation of the kitchen barely large enough to move around , and very few utensils to cook with . the pool was only open for limited hours , and i should not have bothered bringing a swimsuit . at night i was kept awake by the noise coming from adjacent rooms and the traffic outside . my overall experience was a stay in an overpriced suite . i will not book here ever again . 
this is a superb hotel . the rooms are huge , including a luxurious bathroom . it is clean and service is first rate . breakfast was excellent ( and complimentary for hilton honors members ) . hotel is in a good location , and is connected to a mall , which i imagine would be a great asset in the chicago winter . next time i go to chicago , i will stay here for sure . 
this was a great hotel , one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time . my wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we couldn ' t believe the kimptonkids program at the site . we will be back next time we stop in town . we cannot think of a better place to stay . 
two main issues ( N ) understaffed from the street to the front desk . unfortunately i had to drive into the city , when i arrived there was an excessively long wait for parking . then inside , there was a huge queue line with just one clerk working in a big city hotel . not good ( i will say friendly however ) ( N ) i know this is a big city , but , N a night to park my car when i ' m staying at that hotel ? really ? ? that ' s unreasonable and a bit gouging in my opinion . again , i realize this is chicago , but , i ' m already paying a hefty price for this outdated hotel . 
this is an older hotel , and the age shows . rooms are small , and a bit drab . bathroom in my room was in urgent need of upgrade . bed was comfortable , though , and the room was quiet , hotel staff was polite , but not really interested in the guest . even the concierge was disinterested . check-in was irritatingly slow for the few number of people in line . really , a hotel tjhat promises so much in its promotional material should deliver better . the hotel really didnt seem to be trying . 
my wife and i stayed here for a weekend and we absolutely loved it . the atmosphere was very chic upscale in my opinion you get more than what you pay for with the brand name amenities without breaking the bank . my wife even got to bring along her dog ( aka N man ! ) . i would definitely stay here again would recommend it to anyone staying in the chicago area . 
i just left the conrad chicago and have nothing but good things to say . we used hilton points to stay there but paid N night to upgrade to a junior suite . we were in room N . i would reccomend people ask for an odd numbered room so that they will have a view looking north on michigan ave . our room was very modern with N large hd flat panel tv and bose N speaker sound system . N big windows that actually open . the bed lineds were very nice , the towels were ok . the room was clean and the bath room had a seperate shower and tub . marble everywhere . robes , slippers , etc . the work out room was good with different machines and some free weights . there are clean towels in the workout room too . we never ate in the hotel so i can ' t comment on the food or the prices . there is a starbucks across the street ( michigan ) and an espresso bar attached to the nordstrom that is on the ground floor of the hotel . it was very nice to have the little mall right under the hotel . the location of the hotel could not be better . we were walking distance to everything . every kind of shopping or dinning experience you could possibly want was within N miles . over all the hotel had a boutique feel to it even though it is part of the hilton chain . 
i have recently stayed at the hyatt regency chicago hotel and although i have stayed there a variety of times before , for both business and pleasure , my experience this time was particularly poor . from right when i checked in to the day i left i felt like i was constantly around unfriendly people who didn ' t want to be at work their to do their jobs . my room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day , and when i was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways , i couldn ' t sleep . for my next visit to chicago i won ' t be staying at the hyatt regency . 
after staying at the omni chicago hotel , i can honestly say that i will take the time to book a room , ahead of time , on my next visit to chicago . we were thrilled to see how beautiful the hotel was , at first because it seemed like it would be a nice place . the outside of the hotel was pristine , but our room was filthy ! we requested a non-smoking room , but it had obviously been smoked in before , as you could still smell the stale smoke in the air . in fact , we were told that the entire hotel was supposed to be non-smoking , but the hallway smelled like cigarettes as well . to top it off , room service brought us the wrong item . when we checked out , we saw that they still tried to chage us for the item , even after we sent it back . i would also have to point out that michigan avenue is a bad spot for a hotel that claims to be so high class . right outside of our hotel were drug dealers and prostitutes . i couldn ' t even go to the gas station after N p . m . because i was too scared to leave the hotel . the pool was closed on our first night there because of some convention that the hotel was holding , thus keeping us from using the hot tub that we were looking forward to . for the price of the room i would say this place was a definite disappointment . i have learned my lesson to check out the room before i agree to stay in it next time . this place gets N N of a star from me . 
i arrived to find that my room was not ready , despite it being past the Npm check in time . i was not offered any compensation for this , or any real apology , just shunted off to the side to wait it out . this took a good hour and a half , during which time i was needing to be reading for a meeting . again , no apologies , just my card . the room was adequately clean ( it had better be . . . ) though sparsely furnished for the price . it did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot , south coastal motels . i encountered several problems with on site amenities , both in room and out . some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway , even when i complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors . it seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness . after the abysmal ( lack of ) service at the hotel bar i elected to eat out every other night ( i declined to try the room service , unimpressed with every other offering so far ) . i would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips . 
beautiful place with european charm . no complaints , great location , ( never like parking in chicago , though ) . it was N a night next door . large beautiful lobby , a touch of class . fantastic location for downtown , navy pier , and the great grant park ( millenium park , too ) . . . loved it . 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel for a fun weekend in chicago . the standard room had a nice king size bed that was nice and comfortable . i love a hotel with all white sheets because then i know it ' s clean . i really liked the simple and modern decor , especially the huge upholstered headboard . nice fixtures in the bathroom and granite counter . the bathroom was so much nicer than my own bathroom at home . the staff was friendly . can ' t really judge the service because i didn ' t have any problems or complaints . so i didn ' t have a reason to interact with the staff much . overall , it was a very nice hotel in a great location . will definitely stay here again on my next visit . 
my wife and i just spent N nights at the talbott . the room was spacious , comfortable and well-appointed . the hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby . linens and towels first-class . free wi-fi in the room . the location is terrific , just one block to michigan avenue . we will stay here on future visits . 
do not stay at this hotel ! ! ! ! i would have certainly expected more from the hilton , especially due to the price i paid for my room and the way the hotel is portrayed . upon arriving at the hotel i found only one receptionist working and she was too busy texting on her mobile phone to check me in ! i had to wait N mins before checking in and she made me feel like i was inconveniencing her ! when i finally got into my room i was appalled . i had a non smoking reservation and the room stank of smoke and there were several visible cigarette burns in the comforter and the carpet . i called down to reception and to confirm that i was in a non smoking room , which i was advised that i was . i had to argue with the receptionist over the room for N mins before she agreed to switch my room for another one . one i entered my new room , i found that once again it stank of smoke , but after being too exhausted from my flight i decided that i would sort it out with reception in the morning . bad idea ! i curled up and went to sleep and awoke to the go to the bathroom around Nam where i noticed my legs were covered in red welts ! i immediately rushed back into the bedroom and through back the covers to find my bed teaming with bed bugs . i packed my stuff and checked out that night , however a refund was refused . i have since contacted the head office and i am awaiting a response . do not stay here ! ! ! 
i was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel , after hearing all the good things about it . unfortunately , it was a very underwhelming experience , to say the least . but let me begin with the things that i do like about the hotel . first off , it is located my favorite part of chicago - the leafy , affluent part of town that is chicago ' s equivalent of manhattan ' s upper east side , complete with sidewalks , quiet tree-lined streets , real old-school townhouses ( instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are Nst century condominiums ) , cute boutiques ( instead of gap , banana republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands ) and , of course , hermes of paris ( which warrants a separate mention ) . i also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches , cherry colored wooden furnitures , area rugs and distinct artwork . the very reason why i always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains . i definitely love the room . while the space issue is not as bad in chicago as it is in manhattan , getting a N-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task . so we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous , ample bathroom , double sink , massive king bed and still enough space to walk around , do a chicken dance , and strut my herve and louboutins in . my only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our Nth-floor room , but then again delaware st is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us , so can ' t have it all ! yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service , or lack thereof . i mean , seriously . they don ' t call it the ' hospitality ' industry for no reason . i did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so i do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that i would be getting from say , a N-room vegas hotel . first , i called in to reconfirm my reservation . the lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent . first off , she was not able to find my reservation and i was transferred to the front desk staff , to whom i had to explain myself all over again ( my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service ) . the person who manned the reception desk was not friendly , nor was he at all competent either . case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which i agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in , which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there . but the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about Nam . as a general rule , i am never , ever , a big fan of room service , having had my fair share of bad food that they slap N gratuity , N . N tax ( and still expect a tip ) on during my days globetrotting on the company ' s expense account . think overcooked steaks , lukewarm soup , bread hard enough to knock someone out , and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite . so i really wasn ' t expecting hotels as small as talbott to have a N-hour room service , but lo and behold , they do . i placed an order of chicken blt , which ( to my initial delight ) came in within N minutes . then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of N on top of the N service fee ( refer above ) i opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin , microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of lay ' s chips ( lightly salted flavor ) . the bread looked like someone stomped on it , the l and t looked like it was N days old , the b was unrecognizable , and the chicken was burnt and cold . it was pathetic room service at its finest . we did get the item taken off our bill ( rightfully so too ) but the front desk person was , instead of apologetic , defiant . the whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving , it ' s quite an accomplishment in and of itself . we won ' t be coming back , unfortunately . 
my friends and i were in chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood . well we came across the hotel allegro and immediately fell in love ! everything from the colors , the staff , the architecture , and the pricing were amazing ! we couldn ' t have found a better hotel . the service was impeccable . . talk about a N star hotel for someone with a N star budget ! my friends and i plan on staying here next year when we return . . i can ' t wait until then ! 
this hotel was very beautiful . i went with a group of N friends and we had a blast . it was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation . the continental breakfast was magnificent ! i didn ' t see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful . 
i stayed this hotel for N nights . i had high hopes seeing as this is a N star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures i ' ve seen . upon entering the building , you can easily see that it is clean and high class . the lobby was nice , and everything seemed as it should be . however , as soon as i made it into my room , it was completely different than everything previous to it . it was dirty , visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom . the room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms i ' ve been to . there was also a lingering smell from the last tenants . when i called the front desk about these issues , they sent someone up to fix it . i left the hotel about two hours and upon returning , they were still at it ! this is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors . the smell also did not completely disappear when they were done . as i was too tired , i just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at chicago instead . i hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me . 
booked this on priceline for an insanely low price of N a night . the bf and i were amazed when we got there--the person checking us in was friendly and helpful to suggest some local nightspots and the room was gorgeous ! a nice upscale , downtown feel and super comfy beds . we had a fabulous view from the Nth floor that inlcluded a sliver of lake michigan , a sliver of the taste of chicago crowds , and some friendly office workers in the builiding next door who waved to us a few times . seriously . we had a pretty anonymous experience the rest of our stay--which was fine with us . the hotel consists mainly of N towers and is like a huge , sprawling city inside . but we weren ' t there to stay in the hotel room the entire time . . . we like to get out and explore as much as possible . the location was fantastic . easy walking distance to michigan avenue and the rest of downtown . we walked for blocks well into the night and never felt like we needed a cab . i also highly recommend the urban cruise on the river ( the entrance is right across from the hotel ) --we saw some amazing architecture from the boat and got to cruise lake michigan a bit too . don ' t park your car here if you don ' t need to--it ' s very expensive . park downtown or ditch the rental car--you won ' t need it anyway , you can walk to tons of stuff or grab a cab . love chicago and totally recommend this hotel ! 
the location of this hotel is excellent . the hotel itself is not a N star like they say - in my opinion . the room decor is horrible ( probably more european than i am used to ) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment . on the upside , if you want to stay in a great location , feel safe , and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work . i prefer westin or marriott . . . something that you can count on . 
we loved the hotel . when i see other posts about it being shabby i can ' t for the life of me figure out what they are talking about . rooms were large with two bathrooms , lobby was fabulous , pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym , staff was courteous . for us , the location was great--across the street from grant park with a great view of buckingham fountain and close to all the museums and theatres . i ' m sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the magnificent mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location . got it for N on hotwire . what a bargain for such a nice hotel . 
ideal location right in the heart of the near north side but good grief , they need more than two elevators . you can wait N minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor ( registration desk on Nth floor ) , you can face a long line just to catch one . rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all homewood suites - very utilitarian unlike many locations however , this one does not include a dvd player in the rooms . the pool is ok but there ' s no jacuzzi . oh , and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area . front desk service is pretty good . 
my husband and i stayed at this hotel the weekend of sept . N-N , N . when we were planning our vacation , we were impressed with the hotel . the exterior is very lovely and we looked forward to enjoying the view from our room . we first started to wonder if we ' d made the right choice when there was no one waiting to help us with our bags . we had to carry our luggage up to our room ourselves as the hotel was in the middle of a shift change . this seems like something a supposedly ' world class ' hotel should be able to avoid . the good our room did have a nice view and when i sat down on the bed it was like sitting on a cloud . the shower was very pleasant . the bad the room was very small and the bed was not the king size we had requested . we felt very cramped and uncomfortable throughout our stay . we have stayed at less luxurious hotels that were much more spacious and able to provide us with the requested size bed . the restaurant options were acceptable , although the service was not as excellent as described . perhaps we expected a miracle that would ' ve changed our minds about the hotel . we were so disappointed by the room and the service at check-in the rest of the weekend was somewhat tainted . we usually enjoy partaking of room service , but we decided after a sub par first day we would eat out for the rest of the weekend . next time , we will look into other hotels in the chicago area . 
i chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed . the previous weekend , i stayed at a N . N star hotel a few blocks away , and was much more impressed there . the hard rock had a number of issues including very dark room - not much light ( artificial or natural ) lots of street noise very cheap decor and furniture broken cabinet door very warm room - said they would send maintenance , but they never arrived had bar charges on account that were not ours . overall , i was very surprised that this was a N star hotel . i expected a much better experience ! 
my family and i have just had a two week holiday in chicago , and we stayed for a week at the hilton towers . we had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel . the sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable . if you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels , maybe this wouldn ' t be your thing . however if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz , you will be bowled over by this hotel . the place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby . tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating . we got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place ! 
the atmosphere at the talbott hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in . the employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive . the hotel seems to be luxurious , even from the lobby , and right away , i was very excited for my stay ! i stayed in a double queen room with my friend . the room is spacious enough , and beds are very comfortable . i didn ' t try the room service , but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa , which is very convenient . i also love how the room has individual climate controls ! very neat ! also handy that there is an ihome in the room . i ' m usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels . i will most likely stay in this hotel another time . it was a wonderful experience ! 
i have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled fairmont chicago millennium park and all i can say is fabulous ! the modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in . the front desk is a work of art . i stayed in the anything but standard guestroom . the modern decor , the beautiful artwork , this is the most relaxing hotel room i have ever stayed in . the bathroom is like having your own personal spa , all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time . the rainfall showerhead is to die for people . if you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa . great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa . i wish i could have stayed longer , next time i will be sure to add a couple of ' me ' days to my trip and i ' m sure i won ' t even think of going outside those doors . 
the ambassador east hotel , located in downtown chicago , is one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . my wife and i went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the ambassador east on a hotel booking website . their rates are very , very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide . i was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn ' t find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend . i was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer , which is nice because most places in chicago are very impersonal . all in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area . N N stars . 
excellent location , about a block from michigan ave . and two blocks from water tower place and john hancock tower . beautiful hotel , felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel . staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating . 
i booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed . the room looked nice , but i found that there weren ' t any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional . i came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon . i asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming . i would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport , especially since the website advertises the close distance . instead , i had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic . all in all , not the best experience at all . 
my stay at the palmer house hilton was less than satisfactory . i would have expected much for from such a ' high end ' hotel . the rooms were way over priced , and the service was less than satisfactory . at one point , i left my dirty towels on the floor to be picked up , and when room service came through , they were still there ! on the other side of things , the cup i had left on my desk ( which i was planning to use later ) was gone . my coffee and my towels were also never replaced . i also was astounded that internet service did not come with the price of the room . rather , it was a ' nominal fee ' . after paying so much for a room , i had hoped to at least have complimentary wifi . my stay at the palmer house hilton left much to be wished for . i will not be staying there again . 
the location of the hotel is great , right on the river and michigan ave . almost everything is within walking distance . at the price , though , and given the N star hotel , we expected better walls . our room was connected to other rooms on both sides by locked doors . the sound from both rooms came in loud and clear . we heard our one neighbor making business deals on his phone ( he clearly wasn ' t speaking loudly ) , and the other neighbors up at midnight yelling and screaming when they came back drunk . we asked them to be quiet ( i shouldn ' t have expected that to work with some young drunks ) then called security , but they did nothing . i was completely annoyed with the noise , especially in an expensive business hotel such as this one . unless you are in chicago to party , get drunk , and not get any sleep , i wouldn ' t stay here . 
the swissotel chicago is a delight to visit . located in downtown chicago this hotel has nine different styles of room accommodations to serve everyones taste . they have children friendly rooms as well as the exquisite presidential suite . rooms have exceptional views of downtown chicago . this hotel also has a penthouse fitness center and pool for entertainment . other places to stop by to eat is the palms , geneva and the lobby lounge . 
i would like to add a comment , maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination . my daughter was married in may of N and we decided to have the special event at the sofitel water tower we were amazed . she always wanted a ballroom type of wedding , and sofitel made this happen for her . they took care of all the invitations , cake decor , and so much more . the special day for my daughter was worth everything . if you are going to be in the chicago area , check them out you will not regret it ! 
we will not be back to this hotel . there are several reasons for this , but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight . our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it . the room was ok , but the beds were hard and uncomfortable . the room next door had their tv turned up very loudly , and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option . they didn ' t offer any other solutions . the food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests . overall , we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in chicago . 
staying at the sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences i have had in chicago . upon entering , there was no one offered to take my luggage so i was forced to carry it up to the check in desk . the front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming . the room was smaller than i expected and smelled of fake suede . i decided to have drink and some food in le bar and upon entering , i immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was . i could barely see the bartenders face . the drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what i was expecting . after an hour , i was ready for bed so i returned to my room to lay down . the mattress was surprising stiff . the noise was higher than expected as well . thankfully , it was only a one night stay . 
o . m . g best hotel ever ! i ' ve stayed at various hotels in the area and the service has been really suckish . evan at one hotel i stayed at they had a molded sandwhich under the bed , how gross and i could of really got sick ! but this hotel was the perfect location right by the beach and by all the clubs . ohh . and the pump room , the best food i ' ve evr had at a hotel . i evan got to take a picture with queen anne ! i will never regret coming to this hotel ! i loved this hotel so much me and my bridemaid ' s stayed here . and it ' s just walking distance from all the popular food places and clubs . ( all the places to be at least ) 
from the moment i stepped into the hotel i felt like i was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me . checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly . i only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room , which i loved since i had just had quite a long flight , and made sure i had everything i needed before wishing me a happy stay in the hyatt regency chicago . after settling in and resting for a while i called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a N star restaurant . overall my experience was very positive and i would be glad to return to the hyatt upon my next visit . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is a magnificent grand hotel . the size of the rooms , and the views of the city are phenomenal . at night the city lights up , and the sight is majestic . the hotel itself , and the employee ' s are wonderful , and well worth the pay to stay in such a place . this hotel has so much to offer , great dining , a fantastic gym set up for those of us , who really like to stay fit no matter what we are doing . my wife and i have just left recently , and we are already planning to stay there on our next trip out . big thumbs up to those who run that place , and helped us enjoy our stay . 
my daughter wanted to spend the weekend in chicago for her Nst birthday recently , and i wanted to find the best hotel for her experience . i looked at the hotel website and really like hotel allegro ' s insistence in supplying organic fare and in-room spa services , so i booked us for a friday and saturday night . upon arriving , the demeanor of the hotel staff was rude and distant . not enough to warrant a verbal complaint , but enough to make my daughter and i feel uneasy . after check-in , which took at least N minutes due to severe under-staffing , we headed to our room trying to be optimistic . our room was much smaller than the photos on the hotel site suggested , the sink faucet in the bathroom was leaky enough to make a constantly irritating sound , and we only had a stock of N towels , which were never replaced during our stay . we made sure to spend as much time exploring the city as possible just to avoid going back to the hotel . it was a huge disappointment , for me as the customer and for my daughter as the birthday girl . i highly discourage anyone from staying at this hotel . there are much better choices in the chicago area . 
when my boyfriend and i checked into our room at the omni chicago , we were irritated to see that the bed looked rumpled , as if kids had been jumping on it . that was just the first of our ' issues ' . the glasses in the bathroom had lipstick smears on them , and i saw a ( dead-thank goodness ! ) roach behind the toilet . we were given the hotel night stay by a friend , so we decided to just deal with it . we ordered some munchies from the kitchen , and the chips were stale , and the dip smelled sour . after coming back from the convenience store with beer and some fresh munchies , we were able to enjoy our stay--but i would not recommend this place to anyone ! 
my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel was by far the worst hotel stay i ever had . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . they promised i would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all . when i got to my room i ordered room service and it took them N minutes to bring what i ordered . i am highly dissatisfied . 
i frequently have business meetings in downtown chicago and find that the hotel monaco chicago , gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable . while it might be more expensive than your average hotel . . . . but there is nothing average in this hotel . exceeds any expectations - service , food , quality , atmosphere were heads above anywhere . thanks for making my trips to chicago - the best of the best . 
the elevator system was impossible . it seems they were trying to improve it but only made it worse . many people waited N minutes and some bailed out to the stair wells . it happened several times . i had read about it before booking but guess i didn ' t take it seriously . it ' d be a deal breaker for any future return unless i heard clearly it was improved . also , i always think it ' s lame that you have to pay extra for wifi . area recommendations north michigan avenue and lake front areas are best . 
just got back from three nights at the knickerbocker . went up to chicago for some last minute christmas shopping . hotel is in a great location . north end of michigan ave . about half a block away . staff was very nice and professional . everyone we came in contact with was very helpful . granted this is a older hotel and some of the rooms are no bigger than closets . we were booked into a standard room and when we arrived we upgraded to a deluxe room . good size room , with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed . bathroom was somewhat small . housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day . did not eat at the restaurant nix , but saw several people getting orders delivered to the bar . overheard comments saying the food was very good . drink service at the martini bar can be slow . martinis run N and up . very good drinks and they don ' t shy away from the liquor . valet parking was N a day with in out priviliges . overall a great stay . would definately stay at this hotel in the future . 
we stayed at this hotel in february N . the room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for united way . so we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity . we were woke up at N Nam in the morning by a group of at least N young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor . of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours . they were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on . we called the front desk who sent security up immediately . security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave . we called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down . because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted . when we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate . well we still paid for it ! ! . they would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had . we would never stay at this hotel again , obviously they really don ' t care about their guests . 
our trip was our annual anniversary trip . the hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed . instead we received two double beds . this seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the hyatt . there were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room . no complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel . location was more of a business district , not appropriate for pleasure trip . employees of hyatt were very friendly and helpful , other than the failure to deliver the reserved room . 
the james hotel is located close to everything in chicago , the miracle mile , pizza house uno , rush street , the water tower everything . we walked everywhere because everything was close by . the rooms are very modern and a little on the small side . but the bed was very comfortable , very ! the service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely . all service was very fast and through . the lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it , the bar service was good . the drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar . i got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of N days was just over N . N for a N star hotel that ' s cheap . due to the location , price and service i may stay there again . but i think my next trip may take me to trump ' s hotel in chi town . the james is a good stay . the doorman at the hotel are great ! always pleasent , with a smile and very good service . 
after reading the trip advisor reviews , i was expecting an exceptional stay . i was not impressed overall . the concierge , the view , and the hotel resturant were the highlights . the bed , although not horrible , was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home , and i do not consider myself and extremely fussy person . i was traveling for business , and although not dressed in formalwear , was also not dressed down , but all in all , it felt a bit pretentious to me . there are better options for the money , and would gladly stay at the sutton place , sheraton towers , or trump for the similar price and better stay . i would ask trip advisor to move it down in the ratings . . . . . . not N in chicago , in my book . 
i was very disappointed with this hotel . the front desk clerk was rude she was on a personal call and took N mins . to get off the phone . when i arrived in the room the bed wasn ' t made from the last guest and all the towels were dirty . i called down to the front desk and she made me come back down from the twelveth floor for a new room assignment ( on the twelveth floor ) . once downstairs the clerk treated me as though i had done something wrong . when i arrived in the new room i found the bathroom less than clean . . . there was hair all over the floor , toilet and shower . the shower curtain was mildewed and dried toothpaste spit on the mirror . my allergies started to bother me , immediately upon entering the room , so i checked the filter in the air conditioner . which looked like it had never been cleaned . the comforter was stained and the carpet looked like it never saw a vacuum . while waiting on acceptable room i went to dinner . which proved to be as bad as the rooms . the lettuce in my salad was brown and slimmy . the steak was rare and i asked for medium . not to mention , it tasted like rotten meat . the veggies looked like they had been cooked a week earlier and the potato was shriveled and dry . to top the whole experience off . . . when i went to turn on the lamp in my final room it electrocuted and the ambulance had to come get me for a N day hospital stay . 
the staff at the talbott hotel was completely unresponsive when i told them there were a bunch of drunken teenagers playing ding , dong , ditch . the sheets smelled funny when i arrived and were only changed N times during my two-week stay . the room service was very slow and the cleaning crew did not replace my soap , but i did notice the contents of the mini-bar diminished every time the maid service had been in my room . 
i was really excited when we booked a night at the hard rock hotel in chicago . it was actually beyond our budget , but my husband and i needed a weekend away , so i decided to splurge for the occasion . worst waste of my money ever ! ! ! our room was smaller than pictured online , and it looked like the maid didn ' t vacuum the carpet ! we visited the hotel restaurant , angels and kings , one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband ' s steak was cooked wrong ( he ordered medium , but received a well-done steak ) . by the end of our trip we were so glad to leave , but they were under-staffed and the sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for N minutes until we could check out . chicago was a fun city , but next time we return i ' ll be choosing a different hotel - and i suggest you do too ! ! 
elegant lobby , comfy beds , nice sheets but , we were given a ( not fancy , a little dated ) room on the Nth floor which had a view of the monstrous venting structure , and was located off the lobby so we heard the elevator all night . at the hilton , one is charged for internet access on each device per hour . ( we stayed in the middle of ohio and received total access for free . ) we didn ' t drink the N . N water or try the N . breakfast buffet . the staff was friendly , but of course you tip for a smile . they did give us a cot for free as we had asked for a room with a fold-out couch as we were a party of N . didn ' t use the gym or pool on the Nth floor , but looked nice ( small pool . ) no view of the water possible , though we were right at grant park . we tried to view the fireworks from a higher story , no such luck . . . . read more 
the hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay ( i . e . nightmare ) at the palmer house hilton . i arrived N days before the national restaurant association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business . when i arrived i was greeted or really snarled at by the clerk . this lady ( if one can really call this beast that ) was aggressive and rude from the get go . she made a snide comment on the number of bags i had and it was downhill from there . my guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that i had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation . i informed ' brenda ' that i had never cancelled my reservation . we had originally booked N rooms ( one for me and one for colleague ) and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later . she huffed and puffed and finally said , oh okay , i read it wrong but we don ' t have a room for you . my room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day . as a hilton honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain , i was furious . she said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked . she left the front desk and was gone for almost N minutes , coming back with a smirk on her face . she informed me that i had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory N . the first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the chicago downtown , closer to the airport or that i could go with another room they had , a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in N or N days . i was outraged . no , i ' m sorry and certainly the options were horrible . i ended up taking the smoking room where i barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells . additionally , there was no upgrade at all during my stay there . i was not offered anything to make up for my troubles , their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call . the net outcome i will never stay at this hotel again and i ' m thinking of shredding my hilton honors card . don ' t make the mistake of dealing with this property . you will be very , very sorry . thanks for reading all this . hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel . 
this hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means . incompetent service . hotel ran out of hot water by Nam saturday . elevators were very slow , waited N minutes on any given event . red line trains ran every N minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night . used my stay toward nw airlines bonus points . bar was ok . one cup coffee service was awful . no free wireless and no free cable channels . fridge was N bucks a day to use . with http hotels . com res got it for N bucks with tax so what can you expect . ? . . . . location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives . 
worst high priced hotel i ' ve ever stayed at ! i had a business meeting in chicago and heard good reviews from a few co-workers thought it would be a nice place to stay but was a little upset with my experience with swissotel in chicago . front desk clerk was very rude at check in , valet parking was great until they brought my suv around front with a quarter size dent in the passenger size door , the hotel refused to pay for the damages . the room was very beautiful besides the faint mildew smell in the room . room service was great and very pleasing ! our business meeting took place in the st gallen room where our meeting took a little disruptive turn , there was construction going on during that time and was very hard to hear the announcer in our meeting . other than that the hotel was beautiful but the stay wasn ' t as great as i expected , you may want to book somewhere else if you have a business meeting to attend in chicago . 
my wife and i stayed at this hotel at the end of may , N . she came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city . we got a deal on this hotel through travelzoos . N night stay for N night plus we got the full buffet breakfast . the room was wonderful . extremely large king size bed with expansive sitting area . we are used to smaller hotels with little room to move . the bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows . no wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit ( poor taps ) . we could have upgraded to river view for N night but chose not to . we enjoyed the room for what it was . Nnd floor looking south . the buffet breakfast was great . lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs , non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please . great to have breakfast included in night stay . might be a bit dear to pay at N person . it was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast , coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal . concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat , always informative and ready to provide maps , directions , multiple suggestions and even make the reservations . cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs . location was great . blocks from el and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river . if in chicago again , would not hesitate to stay here again . a swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it . 
i had heard good things about the ambassador east and decided to stay there on vacation with my husband -- what a mistake ! first off , they charge for being able to use the internet , which should be a given these days , especially for how much you pay for the room . the ' champagne ' was cheap , i could have spent N to get my own bottle . the king room was just as small as a double room anyway . the bed was really hard , and crudely made . maybe there was someone new on the staff that didn ' t know how to make a bed , but besides that , the sheets were starched to military stiffness . it was so uncomfortable ! when i asked if we might get some new sheets , the staff were so incredibly rude and told me i was basically stuck with what i had because they ' re ' all that way ' . i was appalled ! anyway , we gave it a shot and stayed there that night , in the mediocre luster of the room design . we didn ' t sleep well and didn ' t particularly enjoy ourselves , especially because apparently there was a wedding going on in the building because we could hear the party ! i mean , talk about the opposite of peaceful ! again , we tried appealing to the staff to have our room moved away from the party , but they said they couldn ' t move us because of the romance package . what a jip ! after the kind of ' fun ' we ' d had , we realized we couldn ' t handle anymore . we called for a manager the next morning and fought with him for a couple hours . we wanted to just cancel the second night of our stay , and he said he ' d do that , but that we ' d still be charged a percentage of it ! after telling him everything that had happened and how displeased we were , we finally got him to not charge us and left to go stay at another hotel that was actually relaxing . 
best hotel in an excellent location i stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a business purpose . my N year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room . the front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . the room service was also good . the room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . i like the decor of the room . the french restaurant in sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . i will surely prefer to stay in sofitel on a next time travel to chicago . 
i was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late september , and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle , but affected me and my husband . for example , he got locked out of our room N times , once having to wait for N minutes in the hallway after going to the spa . the other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony , so that was stressful because he lost some time . the keycard just would stop working . then a fuse blew , so we had no power while trying to get ready . it happened to me also , coming back from the spa , and i called on the hallway phone to get help . luckily , right after that , an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if i had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem . i said no , and she called down to check . apparently , no one had even called security to get me back into my room ! she had a set of keys and let me in , thank god . then , on our wedding night , my husband wanted to order from room service . it was a little after N Npm . we were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about ' N hour dining . ' that fact was never communicated to us when we checked in . i feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping . we later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off , so maybe that ' s why people weren ' t too intersted in providing good service . i don ' t think if i would recommend that anyone stay at this fairmont nor will i ever again . btw , the spa is great to hang out in , even if you ' re not doing a massage . 
as others have said , once all the construction works are completed i suspect that the prices this hotel can ( legitimately ) charge will put it out of our price range . which will be a pity because it is an excellent hotel , the location couldn ' t be better . the room was very spacious , with separate sitting study areas a nice bathroom . only N minor points downstairs they were serving a free basic breakfast ( coffee pastries ) , but we only knew of it on our last morning - nobody had mentioned this the cost of internet - N . N - is a bit dear especially when lots of motels now offer it free there was only powered milk in the rooms , which wasn ' t that nice . but none of these really spolied a really enjoyable stay . 
i just returned from a N night stay at the hotel . i had requested a high floor , quiet room . neither request was honored . the windows are not well insulated , because the traffic , car horns and sirens continued all night long . on the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway . the safe in our room did not work . someone had locked it before our arrival . one of the pictures under the tv had been removed , leaving a screw sticking out of the wall . the lights are so dim , that is next to impossible to read . a small alcove with a stained bench had a ' reading light ' that was about N watts . our room key cards didn ' t work , so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them . upon returning to our room , they didn ' t work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff . the bathroom is small and has no fan , so the steam covers the mirrors , and unless you leave the bathroom door open , it does not clear . on friday night one small cookie was left in our room . what about a second guest . are we supposed to split a N inch diameter cookie ? ? ? ! ! ! ! on sunday the phone rang with a N am wakeup call . we had not requested to be woken up ! ! ! ! the concierge did not know the way to get to o ' hare by train , and gave us a longer route than was necessary . i have stayed in much better hotels in chicago . . . quieter and more spacious , more elegant and worth the money . this is definitely not worth N a month . ( by the way , i live in washington , dc and am used to city noise . this was unacceptable ! ) 
so . . . the location to the clark lake train stop is great . . . and that is the only thing that is great with the hotel . the wall are very thin . . . so much you can hear giggling and early morning housekeeping conversations in the hallway . there is no coffee maker in the room , however free coffee is available in the lobby . . . becuase everyone wants to go to the lobby first thing in the morning ? ? ? finally , the ' business center ' is a pay for use set-up . . . no courtesty internet usage or printing . lastly . . . they bathroom is micro-tiny and lacks in counterspace and comfort . 
named my price on priceline . N . N bucks . hotel room was great . clean , clean and new . fresh crisp sheets , comfortable bed , flat screen tv , clean carpet , nice bath , etc . short distance to food and sightseeing . i highly recommend this property . be prepared to pay over N . N per night to park . hey , its a hyatt . they also charge N . N for a bottle of water that is normally a buck . for a total of N . N nightly stay in chicago this place is it just don ' t drink the bottled water . happy travels 
for top class treatment choose hotel allegro . in all of my years of buisness travel and vacationing , i have never been more happy with the service at a hotel than i was at hotel allegro . i searched many hotel websites looking for the perfect hotel to spend our honeymoon , and hotel allegro seemed like the right choice . soon as i walked into to their elaborate lobby area , it was like i was a big shot on wallstreet , the service was excellent and the best part , they allow animals . they treated my little dog johnny like he was royalty . they have everything you could ever need in a hotel , from in room spa service to a workout center . they even made sure that i had all of my drinks and amentites ready for the monday night bears game . if i were to give have to rate it from a N - N . id have to give it a N many times over . i highly recommend hotel allegro in chicago illinois and i will be back again . 
overview --overrated hotel in a premium location . the great --location - walking distance or cheap cab ride to a ton of great restaurants , bars , and sights . the good --inviting lobby , pleasant staff though a few were a bit snobby , in particular the night deskman . --nice bathroom , comfortable bed and desk chair . the mediocre --room ( excluding bathroom ) was underwhelming in design . --no kitchen or bar though they have limited room service from harry caray ' s across the street . --free cocktails N-Npm in ' lounge ' is right idea with wrong execution tiny little room packed with people and a line extending out the door . --hot water ( or lack thereof ) - almost every morning my shower water temperature would waver between comfortably hot to lukewarm . pressure is pretty low . --view - mine wasn ' t great but apparently some of the rooms are horrible . the bad --free wi-fi ethernet has inconstant speeds and required multiple logins every day , even when my computer wasn ' t moved - really aggravating . same deal for my iphone . i also got numerous vulnerability threat warnings from my norton anti-virus that makes me wonder how secure it is . --no blackout curtains ! i had a corner room with a huge wrap-around window and awoke to bright sunlight every morning ( not to mention a near total lack of privacy at night ) . never had this issue in any hotel or motel i ' ve ever stayed at . --noise ! - the hotel is sandwiched between a few different bars and the late night cacophony of yelling , bar music , trucks , car horns , and sirens is hugely distracting well into the early hours of the morning . i had to wear ear plugs despite being on the Nth floor . --tv had crappy hd signal with out of sync audio on every channel . and the remote was useless . --in room bar had standard inflated prices but the N bottle of fiji water bedside was insulting . don ' t even think of opening it there ' s a N-eleven around the corner that sells exact same bottle for a fraction of the cost . summary --not recommended . looks much nicer in the website photos than it is . rating on yelp is bloated by at a least a star . 
the only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other kimpton hotels . it was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee . the robes were not in the room and it took a long time ( hours ) but other than that a great place . the concierge was excellent . 
i had my wedding ceremony and reception at the sofitel . it seems as though i had the same experience as ' judy l . ' i read her review and thought ' that ' s exactly what happened to me ! ' here ' s what happened the good news the actual event was great . most notably , the food was absolutely incredible i think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food . the same goes for the cake , which was made by take the cake . the service by the waiters and other staff was also very good . the bad news michelle , the director of catering , honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare . while we were negotiating the contract , she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls after the contract was signed , it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered , to schedule the tasting , etc . she frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email , and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until i called her a second or third time . i assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding , but they actually got even worse . michelle just could not get it together , and if it weren ' t for my wedding coordinator ' s assistance in forcing her to finally get things right , i don ' t know what would have happened . thus , if it weren ' t for michelle ' s inability to do her job , i would have had a great experience . but , as it is , when i think back about my experience with the sofitel , i unfortunately have very negative thoughts . and that ' s incredibly disappointing , considering it was a major part of the best night of my life . 
this a great property , excellent location and wonderful staff . everyone was very accommodating and polite . the room i had was on the Nrd floor and was like a suite , with a living area and a bedroom . the living room was spacious , with a plasma tv , a desk and a couch . the beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality . in the closed they placed an umbrella , which came in handy , it rained the whole time i was in chicago . the internet connection is N . N Nhrs . great place , i will return for sure . 
imagine flying to the windy city for business . after a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel , the much-hyped conrad . you ' ve been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the chicago skyline out your window . that ' s exactly how i imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride . that ' s the opposite of how it turned out . i got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone . i approached and they didn ' t even hang up . they were going on about how they thought the whole charlie sheen thing was overblown . i don ' t care . it ' s late . i have meetings the next day . i try to check in and they say they can ' t find my reservation . this is despite the fact i have my receipt with me ! finally , they check me in and don ' t even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags . this isn ' t a cheap room . it ' s standard to treat your customers with some level of respect . i get to my room and i open the door and it ' s someone else ' s room ! somehow they ' ve given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person ' s room . worse yet , the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room . i have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room . finally i get up there and my room is missing a pillow . seriously ? how can the maid not notice . the bed was made . someone must ' ve been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows . this episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay . needless to say , neither i nor my business will be using the services of the conrad in chicago . 
if you ' re looking for an elegant hotel in downtown chicago , you have to stay here . the ambassador east hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home . the perfect place for a business person , and if you have a small pet you can bring them too ! i would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again . 
after staying at the james chicago last weekend i can honestly say i will be going for affordability on my next trip . the james chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected . the chairs in the room looked like something out of ikea . i love chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay . i believe i would have been better off and happier staying at the holiday inn . you don ' t always get what you pay for . 
i can ' t recall another time i ' ve had to deal with such rude front desk help . while pleasant initially , as soon as i demonstrated the slightest bit of frustration that i was still waiting to claim my luggage for check-in ( i arrived prior to check-in time , so they were holding a few bags ) , the true quality of this establishment surfaced . never mind that the luggage wasn ' t sent up to our room in the afternoon or that i waited in the lobby for N minutes at N Npm still looking for my luggage or at least a bellhop . while that was a bit annoying , the worst part was witnessing the poor attitude of donna , the very attractive but aloof front desk employee . her lack of initiative was only matched by her pettiness , as i noticed she refused to make eye contact with me for the remainder of my stay , including when my family came down to the lobby the following morning . i also booked a rate that included parking , which donna acknowledged at check-in but at check out billed me separately i assume after i got on her bad side . even with my last polite good bye to the front desk , i felt a phony , uppity attitude from donna , and i really can ' t convey the extent of how insulting it felt . i can honestly say it was the worst part of my first trip to chicago . the hotel is well appointed and the lobby was small but cozy . great location as well . to be fair , most of the staff seemed very friendly , and i am not so obtuse as to not recognize my rating of this hotel is a statistical outlier . but i think most travelers , like me , would trade a few amenities for consistent and reliable service , so as to not have a ' situation ' that could single-handedly ruin a travel experience . unfortunately , that was the case here . 
me ( taking a cue from david dancer ) ' sup ? front desk person yes ? me so , do i have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room ? front desk person what room are you in ? me front desk person oh . . . . i ' m afraid so . or , you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the Nth floor . me oh ? wtf ! so , we ' re staying at this hotel , and there is a bar on the Nth floor , but we have to wait N minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room ? get bent ! we ' re paying to stay here , not just drinking in your bar ! 
i stayed at the ambassador east hotel this past summer for N days and it was the worst hotel experience i have ever had ! firstly , the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there they looked dingy or just plain dirty . second , i went to function one night and came back in late so i was really tired the next morning , hence i slept in late . i put the ' do not disturb ' sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean . obviously , the room service lady can ' t read . third , and worst of them all , when i checked i was only allowed valet parking so i gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece . well , the next morning when i asked for my car to be retrieved , there was a big dent in the driver ' s door of my N mustang ! i was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that . in the end i had to get my door repaired on my own ! the only thing i liked there was the food and it wasn ' t even all that . i was so disappointed and so i ' m warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation . 
my family and i stayed here while we were visiting chicago . this was a perfect location to many of the things we wanted to do and was easy to get around . it was in a safe neighborhood and was great accomodations . the staff was friendly and went the ' extra mile ' to make sure we had everything we needed . the beds were comfortable . we would definitely stay here again . 
my wife and i were very much looking forward to our stay at the hotel allegro in chicago . we had been looking forward to a romantic getaway . i have to say hotel allegro was a disappointment for both of us . this is a pet friendly hotel - we knew that going in . but we were shocked by the fact that we found pet hair around the room we were given . in the carpet and even an amount on the bed cover . very shocking for the price we were paying . when we called the front desk it took over an hour for someone from housekeeping to stop by . past this - the room itself - it has flair i guess , but i can ' t imagine it is the right flair for many . the colorings used a bright blue on the bed and a muted yellow , designy wallpaper . neither myself or my wife found it relaxing at all . i can ' t imagine many would . it really was off-putting . overall , the experience was a check minus in my book . will not be looking to return any time soon . 
my family and i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers with the belief our stay would be a N star experience . that was the farthest thing from the truth . the staff was very rude and unhelpful . the hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff . once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over . so overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room . as we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest . my wife went to the bathroom , and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor . that was just the beginning of our bad stay . after being in the room for about N minutes , there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the chicago police . there was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room ! my family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched . there was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched . come to find out after video surveillance , the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana . needless to say , our stay at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers was the worst part of our vacation and i would not recommend anyone to stay at this place . 
the omni chicago hotel was a delight to stay in . the second you step into the place , it takes your breath away . it ' s very modern with an antique twist . the rooms are spacious and comfortable . they are clean . every member of the staff was courteous and polite . proud of their place of work . happy to be there . you don ' t often see that . the room service was phenomenal . visiting chicago was amazing , and staying at the omni hotel made my visit that much better . the luxurious pools were an added plus as well . i also enjoyed the gym facilities . i will definitely be staying at the omni hotel on my next visit . 
after considering several hotels in the area , my family and i finally decided , unfortunately , on homewood suites , for our long weekend vacation . overall , the experience left much to be desired . the breakfast buffet consisted of cold scrambled eggs and greasy pastries . the linens on one of our beds seemed dirty , and when i told the hotel staff and asked them to be replaced , the woman rolled her eyes and had a very unprofessional attitude . i would not come back here ever . 
my experience at the amalfi hotel in chicago was not very pleasant . when we first arrived at the hotel we were greeted by our ' experience designer ' who was not the friendliest of people . also , me and my husband tossed and turned all night on their very uncomfortable bed . for the price , i would have expected a more luxurious experience . 
i stayed at the allegro for several days in august N and i would defintely stay again . i had a very large room with a huge bathroom , although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout . the lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges , a nice place to enjoy the simple ( N choices , no munchies ) but pleasant wine reception . at night , there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity , other than theater traffic , but it ' s a short cab ride to michigan avenue shopping and river north restaurants . 
my stay at the sofitel was great . i loved the location it was in . from the moment i arrived the experince was great , the attendants were helpful and the front desk was too . i thought the room was elegant and very clean as well as comfortable . the room service was excllent and they were very friendly . checkout was a breeze and i couldnt ask for anything more in a hotel stay . 
the knickerbocker hotel was one of my favorite hotels to visit . my wife and i utilized the park play package , which gave us an amazing room , complimentary valet service , and a great kit to plan our weekend around . it was well worth the price and we both wish to go back again . the rooms were top notch and the hotel ' s staff was excellent . one of the employees , craig , helped us find our way around the city and this shows the knickerbocker really cares about its guests . we loved our visit and are sure you will too . a 
we decided to stay at the james last weekend with our kids . we reserved the ' family adventurer with paul frank ' . it ' s a special offer by the hotel to entice visitors to see the local museums and aquarium . we ended up receiving N chicago city passes , which ultimately paid for themselves and N tickets for the chicago children ' s museum . my kids had a ball . we ended the day with a milk and cookies turn down service and a special pair of pajamas that my daughter adored . all in all , a great weekend where my kids were the focus . the adults certainly weren ' t forgotten since we had a great breakfast in the room the next morning . 
my stay at the hotel monaco chicago was amazing . the staff are polite and well poised , eager to give a helping hand in a short notice . to someone like me , who had never even been in the city of chicago , it really gave me a good feeling throughout my whole trip . the rooms , hallways and facilities were exceptionally clean and tidy , and whenver i went out , i would always find my room perfect be it for a night of undwinding after one of my conferences , or just to hit the mattress and sleep . during my stay , i stopped at their restuarant where i had one of the best american style meal in a while . overall , the hotel monaco is a place i would surely stay at again if given the chance to visit chicago for a second time . it is truely exceptional . 
great , awesome service . seriously , the people are amazing . that , and the nice bartender who serves after last call ( at least , that ' s what i was told - i of course don ' t drink ) save this place from one star . but seriously blah , small , non-luxury rooms with beds that are just really uncomfortable - and for a card rate of N night , even in a major city , the rooms better be awesome . i ' ve had waaaay better rooms in nyc for N night . ( good thing i had a corporate rate . ) and my room was not especially big , despite what the below reviews say . but here ' s the main problem . even on the Nth floor , the guy blowing the whistle to summon cabs downstairs woke me up at N , and N N , and N N , and N N , and N N , and N N , and . . . and , well , i finally got up and said screw it , let ' s greet the day . maybe everyone else was already up , but somehow i doubt it . am now safely ensconced in the four seasons . 
my fiance and i traveled to chicago for the first time this december and we were not happy with this hotel . the friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys . they greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay . the rest of the staff however was terrible . when we first checked in , i was instantly discouraged . the front desk person was not in a good mood and i couldn ' t wait to leave the lobby . having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing . we asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations . we felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff . at one point , the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her , as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well . even though she saw us standing there , after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first . yes , we are in our mid N ' s , but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible . for how much money we paid for each night , i would have rather stayed somewhere else . we decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews , but we did not experience any of this during our stay . the rooms were alright , but nothing special . i would not stay in this hotel again . 
my wife and i booked a room at the hilton chicago three weekends ago , as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel . we were expecting some minutia of luxury . however , this was not the case with the hilton chicago . first , we had reserved a room with a king size bed , but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed . now , we did get a reduced price because of this , but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked . second , we had to change our room key twice . the room keys they used supposedly lost their ' charge ' . this is what the front desk told us . so , we had to go up to our room , find out the key didn ' t work , then come back down stairs get a new key , then get back in . this was highly unprofessional , and they really need to look into their key system . lastly , we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room . we knew this was accurate , but i always check just in case . but two weeks later when i checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card . i had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card . suffice it to say we will not be staying there again . 
i enjoyed a pleasant N night stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago , il . the hotel was beautiful , inside and out . i felt as if i was a celebrity staying there . the staff was especially kind and very professional . my husband and i have never felt more comfortable . i was very pleased that they had transportation for us , since we flew in to chicago for our anniversary . the shedd aquarium package was an excellent bonus . i highly recommend this hotel to everyone that ' s going to be visiting chicago ! 
stayed at fairmont chicago millennium park and it was not a good experience . the room had been cleaned in a haphazardly fashion and was not pleasant to walk into . when i called the service desk for more towels to be brought up into the room , it took an exceedingly long amount of time for them to be brought up , and the woman who delivered the towels was as rude as can be . will not be staying at fairmont chicago millennium park again . 
i stayed at swissotel chicago for N night while on vacation with my girlfriend . our plan was to stay N nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate . we walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in , we still stood waiting for N minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel . once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention , she got off the phone and acted like i was the one at fault . needless to say i will not be staying here again . 
my initial thought of the hotel was , this place is just ok , i didnt look up any reviews as i was staying there with N other friends . i was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room . views were good , its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located . i ' m crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is huge . i love all the space they have . flat tv , traditional seating and i admired the fabric-based headboards . those are very nice ! walking distance to restaurants were convenient . i ' m a highly frequent traveler to chicago almost N years now and always stay with relatives . in any event , i ' d recommend staying at the monaco again ! 
room i stayed in the Nthz floor . N double bed room . the room has a decent size . equipment is state of the art . the furniture are stylish . room size was very nice . i could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay ( which rarely happens in most hotels ) ) N ' lcd screen complimentary wifi in the room the bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me . location located quite central . shopping streets are in reach of N minutes by feet . midway airport is in reach by cab within N minutes ( N usd ) . service - spa and fitness exists - though i did not use . - restuarant ( not used ) - business center - very friendly and helpful staff . ( even printed our boarding passes at the reception ) i do travel frquently , and do recommend this hotel for a business stay , as also for an overnight with friends going shopping , partying whatever in the city center of chicago . pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel . 
my husband and i stayed at the hyatt regency chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary . we could not have picked a better locate . the price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget . the flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine . my husband loved the stetson steakhouse and the N hour stay fit gym . we really did not leave the hotel during i stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away . if we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay . this hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and i . what a wonderful ten years celebration . 
the historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel . unfortunately , the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings . the front desk staff was rude , the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door . there are three elevators but good luck with them all working . they are very very small and when only one is up and running . . . you end up waiting a long time for one . not fun when you are on the Nth floor . the room was tiny and the air conditioning did not work at all . . . the room felt damp and miserable . we put the thermostat as low as it would let us ( N ) and the room never went below N . ( and it was N outside the whole trip ! ! ! ) . there really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant . internet is not free either . . . overall , i would never stay here again . 
i took the wife and kids to chicago for one last fling before school started back up . when i checked in , the staff was very attentive , i showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude ( small tip ) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar ! i didn ' t get the ' priceline ' glare and it paid off for all involved . the air and water show was underway on the lake front , and we had planes flying over our room . the kids thought it was great . that night we had a great view of the fireworks at navy pier . the sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason . the conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly . it was one of the best times we ever had in chicago . 
not a good start when the front desk isn ' t willing to tell their customers that they have a problem with your room ! we reserved a king suite , and the hotel put us in a queen suite without telling us up front . only after we confronted the manager did they come clean about the switch , he offered us a free breakfast , but would not up-grade our room . the whole problem could have been avoided if they would have told us the truth and let us decide if we still were willing to stay at the omni . we will not be retuning to this hotel again . 
the ambassador east hotel hello my current visit to the ambassador east hotel . i really enjoy my N day weekend stay at this hotel . this was my first time at the hotel and i reserved a king size suite . inside my room there was nice view of chicago ' s gold coast . i really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation . i could easily relax on my king size bed . i watch hbo on a enormous size flat screen tv for free . also when i did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem . it so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room . after finishing my work i have time to check the complimentary fitness room . lastly i left the next day , i had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their pump room restaurant . overall the ambassador east hotel is a N out N hotel and really worth the stay . 
imo the amalfi doesnt come close to justifying the glowing comments on ta . this is basically a holiday inn . half of the rooms overlook an alley loading dock . the hotel is not more than N or N flors high and the garbage pick up woke me up daily at N am . at N , when you are just nodding off again , they begin setting up for the complimentary breakfast . this is a continental buffet on every floor next to the elevator bank . any room within N feet of the elevators will hear the noise . reception was a bit tacky and the ' staff ' was a little rough around the edges . i didn ' t see a single business travellers while i was there . valet parking was expensive ( usual for chicago ) but was very slow . just ok . explore other options . 
my husband and i wanted to spend the weekend in chicago to celebrate our anniversary , and i had been looking at the james for awhile because it was attached to david burke ' s primehouse . from the moment i called to make my reservation , i knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that . from the pre-arrival dossier , to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the james , this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service . the rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend . the walking distance to michigan av is a huge plus . from the front desk to the cleaning staff , the staff here is top notch ! and david burke ' s primehouse is not to be missed ! 
we booked our stay through priceline . com and got a great deal . we were only staying one night and we had our N year old with us . at check-in , we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of lake michigan . it was beautiful . the suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we didn ' t need , but if we were staying longer , it would have been a godsend . this hotel is in close proximity with grant park which has the beautiful buckingham fountain . we walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed . . . . but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it , this isn ' t the one . we ended up eating at the irish pub inside the hotel ( kitty o ' shea ' s ) which has great food . ( we have stayed here before and always end up eating here . ) there are a lot of attractions within a mile including the field museum , shedd aquarium , soldier field , and navy pier . they may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window . overall , we had another wonderful stay at the chicago hilton . ( our Nth stay ) the only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel . . . . . N dollars a night is kind of ridiculous . 
do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business ? then the james hotel in chicago is the place for you . superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight . followed by spacious rooms , luxurious linens , and all-natural kiehl ' s body shampoos and lotions . i absolutely loved my stay at the james hotel in downtown chicago . the bathrooms have raised sinks , and all of the luxurious amenities you would want . i absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch . i felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere . i definitely would stay again , and plan to stay at the james in new york as well 
my husband and i stayed here for a short get-away weekend and loved it . it is so conveniently located close to navy pier and michigan ave . the staff was very helpful and the room was great . it was definitely worth every penny ! i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago . 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker for N nights while on a business trip , as it was conveniently located a few blocks away from the office i was visiting , and just about everything else for that matter . the lobby was absolutely beautiful , and the staff was beyond courteous and extremely helpful . the rooms were elegant and spacious , and i instantly felt right at home . the large flat screen tv as a nice touch and tv options were many . i headed downstairs to the bar for a drink , and was amazed at how well kept it was , as well as how nice everybody was . as this was my first time i asked the bartender about the area around and he gave me great advice about some places to check out . all in all this was a great experience , and next time i ' m in the area , i will definitely be staying here . i ' d recommend the millennium knickerbocker to anyone traveling to chicago . 
the hilton hotel helped us make the most of our trip to chicago . not only are they centrally located near most of chi towns hot spots , but they also helped coordinate discounted admissions to various other attractions . the hilton is very classy with their accommodations . i will be returning at my earliest convenience , be it for business or pleasure . 
don ' t ever stay at this hotel ! , conrad chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine . first of all , the price ! you not get what you pay for . i paid N . N one night for a room that did not even had a tv ! ! that ' s ridiculous ! the bathroom did not work , and it was nasty ! the bed sheets seemed like used , as if some people slept there and they smelled bad ! after my experience with conrad chicago , i will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel . you get better service and accommodations even in a N star motel ! 
hotel monaco is in a really great location , only a block away from the miracle mile and a couple of blocks from millenium park . sears tower is also well within walking distance and if you don ' t mind walking you won ' t have a problem walking to greek town and lincoln park ( we did ) . the daily , complimentary , wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out . if you can , leave your car behind , you won ' t need it and the parking is quite pricey , which is not very surprising considering the location . everything was clean , fresh and modern and the staff very helpful . the only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around ' the loop ' was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid ' s supply room so it was quite busy in the morning . 
when i walked into the millennium knickerbocker hotel , my first thought was , ' wow this is very yellow ' , and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day , no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse . my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in . it was a victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms . i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms . 
my husband and i satayed for two nights at the hilton chicago , and enjoyed every minute of it ! the bedrooms are immaculate , and the linnens are very soft . we also appreciated the free wifi , as we could stay in touch with friends while staying in chicago . the bathroom was quite spacious , and i loved the smell of the shampoo they provided-not like most hotel shampoos . their service was amazing , and we absolutely loved the beautiful indoor pool . i would recommend staying here to anyone . 
i booked a hotel room for N nights at this hotel through an online vendor . after booking the hotel room i contacted the hotel to request a room with N beds . i was told in N different conversations with hotel personnel that i would have a room with N double beds . when i arrived i was given a king sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my N guests . apparently the hotel management saw no problem with N people sleeping in N bed . the staff was completely unaccomodating . to add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with N beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . the customer service is well below what is acceptable . the location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting chicago . bottom line is do not stay at the millenium knickerbocker ! ! ! 
this hotel is rather far from the airport and in traffic it took almost N hours to get there . by that time , i was so tired i was just ready to check in to my room . i stood in line forever as there was only one person working at the front desk . that was only the beginning . it was very noisy outside from people constantly walking around . i guess it ' s because they ' re located in the middle of the downtown area , but they could at least make the walls thicker . i don ' t want to hear everything going on in my neighbor ' s room . the bathroom was not very clean and one of the towels had a hole in it . the toilet ran all night which kept me up along with all the people on the street . the restaurant food was horrible and i would rather buy food from a street vendor than to pay the ridiculously high price they charged for a burger . overall , i was very disappointed with my stay at the conrad chicago . 
i arrived here at about Npm after a flight from california . i didn ' t know about the renovation when i made the reservations , but that didn ' t bother me very much . i was helped by a man at the front desk named ben , who was friendly enough , but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay . he gave me no information about anything . i had no idea where breakfast was served , or even if there was breakfast . there was also an extremely unpleasant woman working behind the desk ( she wasn ' t wearing a name tag but was african american , slim with short hair ) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility . it made me very uncomfortable and needless to say , made me feel unwelcome . i actually felt like i was putting her out by staying in the hotel . i encountered her again the next morning when i had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit , and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness . i also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners . no matter what may be going on in one ' s life , when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile . i was appalled by her demeanor . my room was alright , there was no clock which i found very odd . since i came from a different time zone my computer and phone had N different times and i was constantly confused as to which one was correct , especially upon waking up in the morning . it would have been nice to have a clock . there was also no literature on local sites , maps , restaurant menus , or even anything with the hotel ' s name and address in the room . also , the mattress was the absolute worst mattress i ' ve ever slept on in my life . i woke up every morning with a sore back and neck . i ' ve had better sleep on a hard , lumpy futon . it was absurd . like another person posted , my tub did not drain either , and i was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found . maybe they were around somewhere , but i wasn ' t made aware of it at check-in , and i didn ' t want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like i was a burden to the employees . the hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance , but i absolutely would not stay here again . i ' ve had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel , which was a bummer because it was my first visit to chicago and i had pretty high expectations . 
i booked two rooms four months in advance at the talbott . we were placed on the top floor next to the elevators , which are used all night long . when speaking to the front desk , i was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor , which i had requested for a better view . i am looking at a brick wall , and getting no sleep . he also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the Nth floor , and were aware of the noise problem . why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked ? a request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the top floor and using that request to justify this . if you decide to stay here , request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator ! i spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences . this is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain . 
booked through hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage . the ' view ' was of the ' inner courtyard ' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms . you were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night . they no longer have in-room coffee appliances . you either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room , or go around the corner to starbucks or mcdonald ' s . internet access is not free ( N . N N hours ) , the ' gift shop ' is a joke ( tucked away in the corner of the coat check room , concierge services have limited hours , and the business center is open only during ' business hours ' which made it difficult to get work done after ' business hours . ' i would not stay there ever again , nor do i recommend it to anyone . i have had better stays at any holiday inn express ! 
we stayed at the conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer ! we were on the newly renovated Nth floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean ! there was a flat screen , bose sound system and even an ihome for our ipod . wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down . everyone was very helpful and so friendly . we can ' t wait to go back again ! 
the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic , i will rate them a N out of N . they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful . 
i have stayed at many hotels traveling for both business and pleasure and i can honestly stay that the james is tops . the service at the hotel is first class . the rooms are modern and very comfortable . the location is perfect within walking distance to all of the great sights and restaurants . highly recommend to both business travellers and couples . 
we traveled to chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city . to our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations . gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one . . . elevator that is working to the second floor to register . our first room was recently renovated . . . . . stark white walls , no amenities at all . guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room . modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud , a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair . no fride , coffee maker , iron , or even a picture on the stark white walls . we asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the Nth floor . while this room was attractive , we were greeted to jack hammers at N every morning . the staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking . lake shore drive 
we got a spanking deal at this hotel for N a night . it ' s in a good location to the loop . excellent transportation options abound . my gripe comes from the fact that we were obviously put in a ' crappy ' room . it overlooked the back of the building and the roof of a building next to us . the toilet in the room was not bolted to the floor . other than that , if i needed to stay in the loop again for something and i knew i wasn ' t going to be put in a undesirable room , i would stay here again . 
stayed in a junior suite which was beautiful and spacious . it had the largest flat screen tv i have ever seen in a hotel ( great excuse to catch up on some movies ) the breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice . the service was top notch . stayed in a lower floor in the east tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty . the shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the field musium was amazing . chicago remains tied with london as my favourite city . 
stayed here for one night in june , but have stayed here before when on business in chicago . great location for business shopping sightseeing . in between michigan avenue ' s magnificent mile and the loop and next to the chicago river . rooms very spacious and clean . gym has a wonderful view , as it is situated on the top of the hotel . bar next to lobby , very busy with good atmosphere . cannot fault the hotel . prefer it to the westin - my previous address when in chicago . 
upon entering homewood suites , i was greeted by incredibly friendly staff and my breath was taken by the beauty of the hotel . when i saw my room , i was immediately relieved because it provided all of the amenities needed for my week-long business stay ( refrigerator , microwave , stove , dishwasher , flat panel tv ) . best of all , the hotel has an on-site fitness center where i was able to work off all of the extra calories i consumed during the delicious complimentary breakfast . i couldn ' t resist their omelettes ! the hotel is in the heart of chicago and i must say , the city view from my room was priceless . definitely recommended ! 
rude , rude , rude ! we stayed here on july Nth weekend . we drove from michigan , we called customer service to get directions from i-N w c is a major highway to chicago-- calling them from a cellphone , telling them we ' re in a middle of a storm and that we ' re lost . . . . we were put on hold , forwarded to another person who did not know how to get to the hotel and we were on hold again . giving up we decided to just exit the highway and try our luck at a N-N store . when we finally arrived at the hotel at N am no one was there to take care of our car so we looked for parking ourselves . checking in we were not greeted by anyone , even the receptionist did not greet us ! ! no welcome to the knickerbocker , nothing ! the man at the reception was rude , which makes me think what kind of customer service training this hotel has . the guy could not find our reservation and he seemed frustrated that we are checking-in at N am ! ! well if they were able to give us directions maybe we would have been there N hours earlier . the room is not even spectacular , very small , probably a little bigger than a walk-in closet . stay here at your own risk . 
in a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood . a small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby , the pump room is a classic place to have a drink . we did not have dinner there so i can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood . it is a short walk to very good shopping and eating . 
we just returned from a weekend at the palmer house . we normally stay north on the mag mile but wanted to be closer to soldier ' s stadium and the art insitiute this time . we were able to upgrade to a suite upon arrival at half the price that we paid for a regular room at the four seasons two weeks earlier . what a suite ! ! it was huge . the basic living room , dining room and kitchen wet bar area was one large room . up to three additional bedrooms can be added by the use of connecting doors . all rooms were spotlessly clean . they even smelled good . lovely soaps , robes , etc . lots of large closets . the bathrooms were older but well maintained . much better than the ones at the four seasons . the furniture was nice but worn in some spots . the beds and linens were excellent . room service was fast . the food and service were great . the pool and workout areas were clean and well maintained . we had one small problem with a burned out lightbulb in one of the lamps . maintaince arrived quickly with a new bulb . they wouldn ' t allow me to tip them ! ! check-in was somewhat slow as the hotel has been sold out for several weeks . this is a very large hotel , so they have to move a lot of people and rooms . also , the hotel does not have views as it is configured like an ' e ' . all in all , the palmer house is a good value for the money . 
the swisshotel is awesome . very high class . it is expensive , but so is every hotel in chicago . it is off from the dingy areas of our city , yet a long walk to navy pier , so you will need to pay for the cab . note to all the magnificent mile is boring as can be . i live in chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the mile of navy ( boring ) pier . 
i ' ll keep it short . my wife , daughter and i stayed at this hotel for N nights . we go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel . location it is located in the center of the magnificent mile ( michigan ave . ) , so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do . hotel the hotel itself is very clean , as were the rooms . maid service was excellent , including Nx daily cleaning and turndown service ( i think they missed a night ) . service every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind . they always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile . every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room ( sometimes chocolates on our pillows ) . they always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it . there was no shortage of people to ask things . my only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get . they shouuld have more than one , or longer hours . other we had breakfast in the N restaurant and it was very good , and well attended , appointed . they even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet . the pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids . it was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking . pool and changing areas were spotless . room clean , sunny and spacious . probably over N sq . ft . - N tvs , couch , desk , chairs - all in perfect shape . the windows open for some fresh air . pillows were pretty comfortable . with all aspects considered , i think this was an unbeatable value ! i would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend . i truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel . it was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there . omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number . the airlines have cornered the market on that . 
my husband and i stayed at the palmer house hilton in chicago for our anniversary . the hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a hilton brand hotel in a major city . the service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly . the location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater , visit the lincoln park zoo and picnic by the lake . all of these were very close to our hotel . the price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations . we also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge . highly recommend . 
we stayed here for one night , and found it a hotel that concentrates on conferences rather than your normal guest . we found it hard to get a room in the city for that particular night and so we paid above the odds for this - N for the night . we felt when we checked in that if you weren ' t with the conference , then why were we staying in the hotel . the guy at the main door didn ' t even hold it open when you are trying to lug your bags into the lobby , we then had to que for N-N minutes just to check in . we were not given any information about the hotel and when i rang down to reception at one stage to find out if there was a business centre in the hotel that i could access the internet through , i was just short of being asked why didn ' t i bring my lap-top with me so i could use the internet access in the room . . . . ! ! i found the staff very rude and not helpful at all and would not recommend this hotel for a tourist . 
the room itself was fine and comfortable ( very peaceful ) , but the customer service by the so-called , concierge or ' experience something or the others ' left much to be desired . first , i arrived and the doorman walked me to the desk . i was not greeted with the usual ' hello , welcome to . . . ' . instead , i got , ' your name ? id ? ' no , ' hello ' , no ' welcome to the amalfi hotel , ' just plain old poor customer service from the very beginning ! that left a very bad taste in my mouth , but i decided to let it go and see how the rest of my stay was . 
hyatt regency hotel good ole downtown , chicago . hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers . well , when we got to our room , one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times . upon setting up the channel scanning which , the reception came in fuzzy all around , there was an interattive ethernet feature that after , lost in confusion of how to work it , provided us with our first fee ! the pool was in bad shape . the maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities . . just knock knock knock . we let em ' right in as they started vacuuming . one of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the gideon ' s bible had crib notes . what a room ! not to mention what the hotel was like ! oh geez . 
i chose to stay at the ' millennium knickerbocker hotel ' during a recent trip to chicago because i had heard they had good reviews . boy , were these reviews wrong ! ! i had terrible service from the moment i walked in the doors . i was not greeted by the receptionist , it was like i wasn ' t even there . my room was not ready for me when i got there , even though i got there after my required check-in time , then once i was allowed to go to my room , it was filthy ! it was as if they didn ' t even clean it , so i don ' t know what the hold up was . there were no towels , shampoo or soap in the bathroom . the worst part was that there were bugs in the tub ! the place was the most disgusting place i ' ve ever been to , and it is supposed to be one of the nicest ! it should be the nicest for the price they charge . i do not recommend staying here ! stay at your own risk ! ! 
my husband and i stayed at the hyatt regency while attending a family wedding in chicago . from the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends . our rooms were ready upon arrival , and they were just as impressive as when i viewed them online . the location couldn ' t be more convenient to access all of chicago ' s shopping and dining areas . we dined in seston ' s chop house , which i highly recommend . the staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience . the hyatt regency chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the windy city ! 
i have stayed at the omni off an on over the years . on business , for personal trips . this trip started off quite rocky , and left me very un-impressed . N ) be aware , they have a new policy where they charge debit card N per day for ' incidentals ' which you may incur . they do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card . even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance . the desk clerk claimed ' all the hotels do this now ' . . . funny how when i put a remote employee at the o ' hare hilton on my business debit card , i was never asked for additional funds . having a policy is one thing , spreading blame for it is another . while not a problem for me , someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this ' policy ' of theirs . to my knowledge , they never did this sort of thing before . ( i don ' t use credit cards , its why i have money in a recession . ) ) N ) rooms were clean , but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list . the only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water ( about N ml ) for N . N . as such , be careful with the tray of goodies . if the water is N . N , imagine what the snickers bar might cost . N ) our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken , and would not move . calling the front desk resulted in . . . nothing . finally about N N pm i elected to have another look at it , and it seemed to be off its track . i was able to successfully ' fix ' it , but the lack of response from maintenance , considering the rate for a suite , is sad . i remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive . N ) the seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now . overall , i think i will be skipping the omni , and they will get no more of my business . it seems hilton treats people better overall . it ' s quite sad , as i have a lot of good memories with omni . i will not be back . 
i stayed here for N nights in may N . i have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky . they had a free wine tasting each evening ! the restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay . the hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping restaurants and sights ! rooms were lovely , althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side . will be back . 
affinia chicago is one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at . not in my life have i been treated so poorly as a guest . the front desk was very unaccommodating when i asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation . there was no bellhop available for some strange reason so i had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself . if it wasn ' t already a bad stay , i ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered . if they didn ' t have air conditioning in the room , i would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable . if you are traveling to chicago for any kind of business , i hope you decide not to choose this hotel . i was quite surprised , i like chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience . 
will start by saying the employees were wonderful , especially in the restaurant bar employees , could not have been nicer . . . . . what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond . . . . unfortunately , that ' s where it ends ! the rooms , in my opinion , appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty . . . you know , uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area . . . the first room i was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window ! ! i kid you not they seemed as if they were about N-N ft from my window ! ! and this was after i specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view . . i was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly , again . . . just worn out ! ! ! not a N star hotel , this seemed to be closer to a N , perhaps being extremely kind N star . . . i travel on business so i know the difference . . . i merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand ! i complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit , she made sure the door was fixed asap . they gave me a bottle of wine to compensate . . which i utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next N days . . . . i wanted to give omni a shot . . . big mistake . . . unfortunately , brought a friend with me to show her how great chicago was and i was soooo embarrassed , as i had chosen the hotel . . . she was extremely disappointed as well . . . should have gone with my first instinct which was the conrad ! ! lesson learned ! 
from the moment i stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began ! i enjoyed every minute the fairmont ! the king room was spacious and the decor chic ! the coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge ! i really like the separate shower , tub , and separate door for the toilet . the desserts and cheese spread at eno so yummy . before the fairmont the w hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at . 
i booked this via priceline , and was not sure i ' d like it , as some sheratons have fallen off the cliff . this hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations . despite booking with priceline , i was treated like a king . they let me check in early , gave me a beautiful room , and even went so far as to look up my starwood number so i could get some credit for the stay . the staff was unfailingly pleasant , the property immaculate , and the room very comfortable . i highly recommend this hotel . 
i already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now i ' m going to write about the location ! i like to walk . this place was close to everything ! ! ! ! the ' taste of chicago ' was on during the Nth of july . let me tell you , this was the best ' taste ' of a city that i have ever been to . it was massive and took N mins to walk there . i took the train in from the airport ( it was around N . N but it was a solid N mins but for N . N , how can you complain ? ) and it was approx a N walk to the hotel . we pretty much walked everywhere . we walked the entire magnificent mile strip . we went to the blue navy or whatever the docks are called . my favourite bar was ' pops for champagne . ' wow . i love champagne . and then of course there was the john hancock centre . and lots of shopping ! 
we stayed at the omni between christmas and new year ' s in N just to get away for a few days . we found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap . so this year we checked online just a day or so after christmas and the deal was there again . it also included parking at the great price . huge suite overlooking downtown chicago . best location to walk everywhere . my N and N yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows . can ' t wait to go back . 
my girlfriends and i stayed at the hyatt in chicago during a shopping trip to the city in june N . we found a great deal on orbitz . com and decided to give it a try . the location was perfect , just off michigan avenue , on the chicago river , so it was easy to walk down the mag mile and get to all of the shops without having to pay for cabs or rent a car . the hotel is right next the the palm restaurant , and within walking distance of several places to eat , both fancy ( china grill , yum ! ) and affordable ( corner bakery ) . the rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious . we were lucky to get a room with a good view . . . be sure to ask that you do not have a view of the office building next door ! the lobby is typical hyatt , big and spacious with lots of plants . service was good . all around an excellent experience and a great deal . 
i stayed at the knickerbocker hotel the last time i visited chicago . i lived in illinois during college , and as i was on a college budget , most of my trips up to the city involved sharing a room at one of the cheaper hotels away from downtown . for my visit back , i decided i would treat myself to a nicer stay than i was used to , so i booked a room at the knickerbocker . everything looked nice when i got there , but for the price i paid , i was really expecting something far above and beyond what i got . maybe i wasn ' t dressed right , or didn ' t carry the right luggage , but the front desk clerk was unnecessarily snooty when i checked in . shouldn ' t a hotel try to make its guests feel welcome ? when i stayed at the cheap hotels in college , the front desk employees were always friendly when i checked in and out , and they would give me good tips on the best way to get to the fun things in the city . here , i didn ' t even want to ask for any tips at the front desk because i didn ' t want to deal with the eye rolling and ' too important to be bothered ' attitude i got when i checked in . i guess the location was more convenient than the hotels i used to visit , but i really thought that part of the money i was spending on a nice hotel would pay for a pleasant customer service experience . look , obviously i can afford to stay at your hotel , i already booked and paid for the room . even if customer service isn ' t your number one goal , making money should be pretty high up on the list , and making a paying customer feel unwelcome isn ' t a very good way to secure return business . i doubt i ' ll stay here again . 
i was unimpressed by the quality of this hotel . the overall look of the place was marred by what felt like poor maintenance . given that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel and charges rates at that level , this was most disappointing . nor was i impressed with the snooty attitude taken by the hotel staff . 
was one of the worst travel experiences of quite some time . . . . N . arrived to construction or renovation to main lobby . . . no warning . not on the website . . . ' thanks for letting me make the choice to stay in hotel with construction site ' N . lengthy line to wait at makeshift reception area ( N min wait ) . . check in . . ache conference-- be prepared for the influx of people for the convention . N . double book room . . . . go back to check in . . . told to get back in line . . . and we will review when it is your turn . . . told them i just waited N mins . . curt service worker said wait your turn . N . second room . . . dirty dishes from room service in front of door at our check in at Npm . N . internet kept dropping and slower than dial up network . . . . N . second day and third day stay . . . no hot water to start the day off with cold shower . . . . N . check out . . . overcharge on bogus fees . . . . travel to chicago stay at the palmer house or fairmont . 
we booked this hotel as a last minute vacation planned on doing a little shopping and nightlife downtown . we where woken up at N N in the morning with our bathroom flooded , this water was brown and all the clothing and our belongings left in the bathroom were dirty and sopping wet . we where moved to another room , but it was smaller then the orginal room we had gotten and paid for . the next day the housekeeping service never even came to change our sheets , coffee or towels , which is just horrible service . the service along with the orginal room where perfect , but we do not plan on ever spending another weekend in that flooding hotel . 
amalfi hotel chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time . its proximity to some of the best spots in chicago makes it a visitor ' s delight . it is close to the magnificient mile which is the shopping area , it is also close to the loop , merchandise mart and michigan avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space . each guest room includes a flat screen hd tv . the beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast . the N-hour fitness centre is always open for business . the hotel has a no-smoking policy . it also has free internet facilities , room service , air conditioning , laundry drycleaning , multilingual staff to make communication easy , spa services , heating , conference facilities , satelite tv , brailed elevators and pets are allowed . the concierge desk offer the best wine available and i must add that the wine is great . the hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty . the staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand . the hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean . the hotel makes it possible for you to relax , go shopping in the best stores which are close-by , eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership . they offer great deals for every type of customer . i would definitely recommend this place . 
my husband and i and our N month old took a quick trip to chicago . we stayed one night at the palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel . i guess i am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel . yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small i couldn ' t set up a pack and play for my son . i had to call and ' upgrade ' my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep . the lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a holiday inn . the wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty . i will never stay there again . 
thanks sheraton towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently . i did not know that the skyline of chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable . i ' ll be back soon and look forward to a seeing chicago again . 
i recently stayed in the talbott hotel in chicago with my family of three . i absolutely loved it and will definitely return ! the customer service of the staff at the front desk was fantastic . they were very helpful in helping us decide on what activities to do and what restaurants to visit during our stay . for the nights we didn ' t want to go out , we had room service . the food from the hotel restaurant was so delicious and the service was very quick . i also loved their commitment to the environment . it is clear to me why they have won so many awards . thank you talbott for a wonderful stay ! 
this hotel gives you a lot for a reasonable price ! it has a great downtown location and a lot of added bonuses . we loved the evening cocktail hour with free alcoholic beverages and appetizers . they also have complimentary breakfast and complimentary dinner . the fitness center was very clean , i didn ' t want to leave it ! our room was a spacious suite with a kitchen included ! and i took advantage of the free grocery delivery . beds are comfortable and the room looks like it was recently renovated . but the thing that really stood out was the teamwork of such a wonderful staff . we will be back to the homewood suites the next time we come to chicago ! 
my husband and i visited this hotel on our way home from our honeymoon . it ' s a very nice hotel , but the valet parking is very expensive , N . N per night was rather high so we opted to park our own car . the pool was very nice , and the water was warm . the front desk was very nice and helpful , if i ever visited chicago again i would stay there . 
hard rock hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays . what they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be . the service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons , service is more redily available and friendly the more you make . the rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings . the laundry service leaves more to be desired . the sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco . i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding . your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for ? 
the hotel itself was beautiful and wonderful staff but the bottom line for me was that it was impossible to sleep through the night because the noise of the ambulance sirens continued throughout the night . for three consecutive nights . there was simply inadequate soundproofing - even N floors above the street ( ok - N floors as there is no Nth floor ) . i hesitate to write this review but i rely on trip advisor reviews when traveling , and had i been warned about the ambulance sirens , i would have chosen to stay elsewhere . if you are a sound sleeper and noise is not an issue then it is a lovely hotel and excellent value . conveniently located . wonderful staff . but quiet is a key priority for me so i would not stay here again . ( 
we stayed at the james hotel for a Nth birthday . the location was excellent for shopping and restaurants , but also very loud . the room was horrible . very small . we had a double double and it was the size of a college dorm room , plus completely white walls and linens . absolutely no color except for one accent pillow . it was very sterile and uninviting . we were on the Nth floor and the lobby for the elevator was dark and done in red and balck with minimal lighting . it looked like the entrance to hell , if not a haunted house . staff was very nice and accomodating . i would not return to this hotel . 
first off , don ' t get a room on a lower floor , the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at N am . then don ' t bother going down for breakfast at that time either , because the restaurant isn ' t open that early . when it finally opened , the breakfast arrived cold and late . nothing like congealed eggs to start your day . the fitness center had no towels and no cups for water . it was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it . after my congealed breakfast , it really was not pleasant . my entire three day visit was like that . i tried room service that night , but again , service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived . my high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all . the furniture was run down and worn . pool towels were not always available . generally , for the price i paid , i would expect better service and a better maintained premises . 
i was attending a conference at the mariott . they were booked up and i shared a room at the hard rock for a week by default . what a lucky break . this is a beautiful hotel . i am not a fan of all that black grey vibe and find it a little cheesy . what i loved was the way the hard rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact , and decorated around the basic stucture . my room was clean , clean , clean . i want to comment on the staff . what an upbeat group of people . this included the doormen , the front desk , the consierge . they were wonderful ! every morning one of the bell men would find my tv morning news show for me in the bar , while i drank their courtesy coffee . they brought us a refrigerator , ipod dock , and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in . i had a hard time contacting the airport transport . the consierge took care of it for me . while i was waiting for the N N am airport shuttle , one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back . i just couldn ' t get over how nice and friendly everyone was . . . . great place to stay . i hope to go back with my husband . 
overall , the hotel is beautiful . the service was great . all the employees were friendly and always willing to help . my room on the north end had a great view of the city and the chicago river . the bed and big fluffy pillows were very comfortable and relaxing . the only downfalls were parking and the fitness room . parking was a little on the pricey side and not exactly as close to the hotel as one would think it should be . the hotel itself is huge with over N rooms , so you may feel like your getting your daily exercise in just walking from your room to the fitness center depending on where your room is located . 
i had to write this review ! my tired body walked through the doors of the fairmont . it felt like i walked through heaven ' s gates , the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly , that i was instantly energized . the front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room . they were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa . . oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible , i took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit ( my very first ) as well as a massage . i was amazed at the size of the meeting conference room that we used for an afternoon . the room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home . the food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as i was after the meeting , instead of room service , i went in , and the food was mouth watering delicious , and the wait staff was very hospitable they take great pride in everything , even the wake up call was friendly . my stay was so great , that i want to go back again soon ! 
arrived at N Nam only to find that sleep was not in my future because of the dance club connected to the hotel . if you party and stay out all night anyway , this hotel would be fine . but don ' t plan to get any rest if the club is open ! front desk lady was extremely rude to people calling in to inquire about the hotel while i was checking in . she was fine with me and gave me a corner room , but sure wouldn ' t want to be on her bad side . 
my significant other and i recently spent N nights at the james and on the last day i said , ' i wish we could stay longer ' . that good ! the room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door . everything is high tech . plasma tv , cd radio , projection alarm clock ( love that so much bought one today ) . if you wanted room service you got it from david burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful . they even have a four legged friend menu . the bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes slippers and upscale products provided . the bed was the best in a hotel ever . linens were crip , white and fresh . maid service twice daily with turn down service . safe in room , ice delivered , iron , hairdryer all top of the line . the filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor . mid-century style with funky chair ottman , cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home . the staff was courteous and accommodating . the library , free internet access , in room wifi were extras we didn ' t expect . bar lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby . funky artwork . location , location , location . the best place we ' ve ever stayed not only in chicago . highly recommend . 
my husband and i recently stayed at your hard rock hotel in chicago , and what a fantastic experience it was . we stayed in one of the ' extreme suites ' and let me tell you it was beautiful . the furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for . the staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some . i especially loved the spa . we stayed for a week but i could have stayed a lot longer . it was very comfortable and welcoming . we will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in chicago . thanks so much ! 
my company booked our group for a conference and sales meeting . the service was friendly , helpful and the property was beautiful . the hotel was clean and filled with history . we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well . 
this is the best hotel to stay in when visiting chicago . i travel a lot , both for business and vacation . the talbott hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome , and elegant . not to mention all the modern features that i ' m used to having at home , are available in the room . i brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite . she didn ' t even want to leave the room . the concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner . 
hotel is located N N mile from the train station which is quite hike when you ' re traveling with luggage and or kids . they seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking valet fees . rooms feature either double or king sized beds no queen beds at all . if you want a little extra leg room in your bed , the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff . rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge , too . 
i travel to chicago quite often , and have stayed at a bunch of hotels . i stayed at conrad a couple of times . my impression was not too good . both times the receptionist was quite cold and i didn ' t feel welcome at all . the room was noisy . thin walls , and you could hear exactly what the next room is talking about . one time the tv was broken too , and a guy came in and took like an hour to fix it . . . anyway , given that this is a N . N star hotel , it really didnt live up to my expectations . after the Nst time at this hotel , i thought i might give it a second try . after the Nnd time , i decided i am really not coming back , especially given that there are so many other hotels close by . the other attendees of our conferences were also complaining about the hotel . so i guess i am not alone in this . . . 
first stepping foot on the hotel propety i could tell it was a negative place , seeing as how there was what apperd to me to be vice lords all aroung the property . not that i have a personal problem or affelated with another gang , it ' s just the way they was acting , drinking the hotels cheepest wine , they could of been there for securaty purpouses like the hell ' s angels was to some concerts . walking in the hotel i oder hit me . it smelled like a cretan type of burning wood that i have smelled , only later to find out it was the smell of rock cocine . i looked at the pool only to find there was no watter and scateborders all around the place . me being a high class bizness man , i decided to leave . 
amazing ! i was swept away when i walked into the hotel it was gorgeous . the staff was very nice and helpful the hotel was very clean , and the food was delicious . we stayed two nights and the first night we went to the lockwood restaurant and we were blown away by the food . it has to be the best food in chicago the atmosphere was very classy and warm and the wait staff was very precise . the decor in our rooms did not look like any hotel i had been at they were very elegant and inviting . i cannot wait to go back it is a true escape from daily life . 
here are some pros and cons pros -good location -nice staff -clean room cons -lack of bathroom amenities ( i get better items at a holiday inn ) -housekeeping wasn ' t so great . . . N . a bathroom rug was taken out of my room ( no idea why ) and never returned it . the marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery . . . i had to throw towels on the ground to make sure i did not fall . N . i was charged for items i did not take out of the minibar . 
went to chicago for a week in may , decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton , we were not disapointed . perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying N or N nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level . we had N double beds with a bathroom each . they beds and pillows were too die for , so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles . all the staff were very helpful . a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful . about N blocks away on harrison is a cafe called ' orange ' which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast , the cafe and the staff are suberb . expect a N min wait on a sat sun morning . 
the swissotel chicago was by far the best hotel i have ever stayed at in chicago . it was clean , modern , and the staff were very friendly , even to our large family with cranky kids at a very late hour . the room was fantastic and you can not beat it for the price . not only was the room fantastic , but so was the view . our room looked out over the skyline and it was breathtaking , especially at night . the best part of the hotel was its location . it was located within walking distance to so many fun attractions , including navy pier and the sears tower . our stay was wonderful , and we can ' t wait to go back again . 
we had a king deluxe room for N nights . we reserved the room through the hotel website with aaa discount . we paid N nt . we enjoy boutique hotels , as they have so much more personality and personal service . this hotel was no exception . every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful . the room was clean , well decorated , spacious and quiet . we were offered at check-in a room with a view , but warned it was across from the elevator , so we decided to take the quiet , large room with no view . the location of the hotel was perfect for us , we saw wicked while in chicago and had no problem walking to the theater . we also walked the magnificient mile and found the location perfect ( we like to walk ) . we had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience . we ate room service for breakfast each morning , and the food was good and the portions were quite large . we would definitely stay here again . 
my sister and i stayed on the Nnd floor , there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights , beat up and old dorm style . it was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on tripadvisor did the thing get removed . breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely . all night there are chimes that make noise , that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying . there is no wifi - no matter what they tell you , i paid for the wifi , and still we were unable to get on . lastly , my sister and i split the bill , i had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit . room cost with city taxes etc . was N . N a night . i know the comfort inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper ! so while the view was wonderful , it is not worth the money . 
this hotel is one superior hotel . the prices are reasonable and the benefits are just fantastic . my husband and i got a package that lets us get a hotel with a view and the view was amazing . waking up to seeing lake michigan was a site not to miss . the rooms were always cleaned when we got back from our shopping at bloomingdales or in other places in chicago , and the customer service was top notch and very friendly . 
the stunning bay at chicago finds its equal in the ambassador east hotel . this hotel feels like luxury was built into everything , down to the wonderful room service and conference rooms . besides being in an active neighborhood in chicago , the ambassador east is close enough to the action and beautiful sights chicago has to offer . the overall service of the hotel was wonderful . i felt like i was treated as a king . the room was very neat , regal , and relaxing . i especially liked the bathroom as it was clean and soothing . the pump room was also a great place for excellent dining . my stay here was completely enjoyable while maintaining a high level of productivity . overall , the stay here was fantastic and worth every penny . i would return to the ambassador east hotel in a heartbeat if given the opportunity . 
we had a reservation for N rooms with N adults and N kids , got only N rooms on arrival . N of the corner rooms with an extra room . during the night it was very cold and we were not able to change the a . c . , even though we switched it off , it went on cooling , strange ! at night it was very loud from the street . in the morning they uploaded something infront of our window and i stood vertically in the bed , not what you need , if you only spend N night in a hotel . we came here a few years ago and had it better in mind . the area is in good walking distance to all famous shopping places , very good . clean and fancy . sorry , but next time we ll be looking for a more quiet hotel in chicago . 
on a recent trip to chicago to attend a major trade show i had the pleasure of staying with the sofitel chicago water tower . i say stay with as that is how they make you feel , from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return . the rooms are clean , chic and roomy , the beds - the best i have slept in , bathrooms large and super clean . what can i say , my new home when in chicago . . . 
the talbott hotel is a place to stay where the staff treat you like you are not welcome . if you do not pay higher prices you are snubbed and the rooms are no classier or fancier than a standard motel . the room service takes over an hour and there is constant traffic and construction outside . the cost is far more than the luxury . the best thing about staying at this hotel are the bathroom towels . 
whenever i decided to stay at fairmont chicago millennium park , the only thing that i had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband . however , the hotel choice wasn ' t the best . right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation . the room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room , which was much smaller than the original one . the hotel did give us a discount , but if i ' d paid for the large room was because i wanted the it . a hotel with this name shouldn ' t put its guests in these kind of situation . i wont be reserving room there again . 
my parents booked five nights at the james for its location and good reviews . they had a terrible first night with defective air conditioning and not much sympathy from the management staff . they sent engineers three times to repair the unit , and they insisted that it was getting cooler when it wasn ' t , under the rationale that the summer temperature is high and the filter was dirty . at my parents ' request , the hotel staff moved them to a lower floor with a queen instead of a king and with neither a rate discount nor an effort to compensate them for the inconvenience and discomfort . the hotel insisted they were fully booked and reluctantly gave them that room . don ' t book this hotel in the summer . and by the way , there is no view at all from any of the rooms - except for the windows of other buildings . 
we got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in chicago on N N N . we went thru priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only N ( normal rate was around N ) . the room was superb on the Nth floor with a nice king bed . hotel is only about N . N blocks to michigan ave so the location is very convenient . parking is very expensive at N a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just N . we decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere . we ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict . they were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn ' t expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast . glad we didn ' t pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better . i highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your chicago visit . 
the conrad chicago hotel had some of the worst service i have ever dealt with . i got the executive room with a king size bed . when i got in , the sheets were stained with some type of chocolate or mud . i called down to front desk and it took them an hour to come up and change them for me . they have a pillow menu which i tried to select from but they were out of over half of them . the ipod dock was not working either . also , the room service servers were very short with me and delivered my food luke warm . this hotel is the worst in chicago and i would never recommend going there ! 
my wife and i stayed at the james recently and we had a great experience . the hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location . it ' s in a quiet location , yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to . we upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost . it didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have , but it was elegantly appointed , spacious , and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet . the service was amazing . everyone was extremely friendly and helpful , as well as knowledgeable . this was true from the doormen at the front , to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant . both concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions , and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out . the breakfast at prime downstairs is among the best i have ever had in a hotel , this goes for the room service as well . dinner there was good , but not great . i mentioned almost flawless , as there was a situation that occurred involving the spa in the hotel . it involved scheduling and was aggravating , as the hotel actively encourages its use . however , caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied , following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with . the experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly . overall , we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits . 
i only stayed at this hotel for one night , the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy . after the first long wait i started to time how long it took from the moment i pushed the button until the elevator arrived , never under N min . even late at night . i went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband . . . N margarita was N ! i wans ' t drinking because i ' m pregnant so i had a soda water for N . . . if i would have known i would have had tap water . overall . . . great rooms , ok staff , horrible elevators , overpriced drinks . 
overall , the hotel was okay . though i did have a problem with the price . the accommodations mentioned on the website were accurate ( other than the supposedly luxury mattress , it was not more comfortable than my own mattress ! ) but this hotel offers nothing more than a much more affordable hotel ! there is a difference between the palmer house hilton lobby , and your normal , affordable lobby . but , i do not go to a hotel because it has a fancy lobby i go to get a good night ' s sleep . when i want to sight see , i go elsewhere . like i said , overall , the hotel was okay but it was not worth the price . 
this is best hotel bargin in chicago if you are not overly unhappy with a small room . great hotel just redone by kimpton . this is a great hotel chain that really provides a the sense of escape and fun to all of their hotels . this is a location just off of lasalle and next to the cadillac theater . it has a N star resturant which we enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere an amazing italian meal . the wine list is one of the best in a city of great restaurants . the kimptons have a social hour N to N with wine at all of their hotels . you sit in a designer , kind of london circa N couch with a fire place nearby and have that lost art form of relaxation with you fellow guests . they are super animal friendly and provide complete services to your dog if you wish to bring it . the exercise room is great and there is a spa here as well . there are two other kimptons here but for the money the allegro is the best value and location . always consider kimptons as they never disappoint where ever we have used them . 
my stay at this hotel was one of the best i have ever had ! the location , service and accommodations were all outstanding ! ! the lobby area is beautiful as was my room . in the room there was more than enough space , which is difficult to find in chicago hotels . my only gripe was the room was a little dark . sure , staying at a small , upper-class hotel like the talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it . the service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed . the room service took a bit longer than i would have liked , however , the food was good quality . another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the equinox fitness center . finally , the location is perfect ! ! it ' s located in a beautiful area of the city near the gold coast , which has many very good restaurants . a personal favorite of mine is mario ' s , a nice italian place nearby . overall , my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were , for the most part , insignificant . 
for N dollars , cheapest room available at the hard rock hotel chicago , you would assume you would have access to wifi . yet , that was not the case . i was told i ' could have had ' internet if i had booked through the site , which i didnt . the lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general . 
while making the obligatory trip to the chicago area to visit family , we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the hard rock hotel chicago . what a great decision ! the rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities . and , according the younger members of the family , ' very cool ' ! we can ' t wait to come back . 
i love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights . the hotel is clean and nice rooms the pool needs some updating ( but kids don ' t care ) my friend and i took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect 
staff was very courteous . desk clerk gave only one coupon for the free breakfast instead of two . second desk clerk gave the wrong time for the breakfast on the second day , causing us to miss the free period . room was very clean , with a nice view of the river . bed was very comfortable . toilet looked like it belonged in a public restroom ( no tank instead it had a stainless steel valve ) instead of a N-star hotel . no dresser to store clothes . no wastebasket in the room , and there was a cover for the icebucket , but no icebucket . folding luggage stand had a broken strap . location was good , close to the river . several american-style eating places nearby . overall , a disappointment for a four-star hotel . i expected more for a hyatt regency . 
i stayed at the hotel during the dave matthews caravan tour and would come home each night rather dusty dirty from being at an outdoor concert with N , N of my closest friends . i used half a bottle of shampoo the first night . the second night , the staff had not refreshed my bar soap or shampoo . i informed the front desk who made apologies and said they would take care of it immediately . i got home that night with a tiny tiny bar of soap ( hand soap ) for the bath shower and they had replaced the shampoo in its original place , nicely displayed , but with the exact same bottle of shampoo that was now N N full . yeah ! ! the hotel is in a great location to navy pier and michigan ave . . . . i ' ll grant them that . . . . but that ' s where their ' pros ' end . i ' d rather stay at a hampton inn . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
i just came back from this awesome , terrific hotel last week , and i have to say-- i loved it ! my wife and i were there for a week due to a business meeting , and right when i stepped into the hotel , i knew that this business vacation will be well spent . the customer service was very great , and an employee even guided us toward our room ! we were introduced to a fantastically lit room with N beds , a flat screen tv , and even free internet access . my wife loved it , and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap . when i headed down to the lobby for my conference , i got lost , and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held . he leaded me to the door , and i was very impressed . there is a fitness center which i went everyday , and this great restaurant called c-house situated nicely next to the hotel lobby , where i had a nice steak and my wife a salad . all in all , i thought that the trip was really worth it , and my stay was very welcoming at the affinia chicago . i highly recommend that whenever you visit chicago you should stay there , you will not regret it . 
it ' s not a bad hotel . it ' s just so . . . disappointing . as a diamond member , i expect slightly more than a room with two double beds with no view . i ' m not distraught over this , but come on . ditto the continental breakfast in the executive lounge , which has nothing but fattening pastries , bagels and cereal . low-level hampton inns have a free breakfast that puts this to shame . and what ' s with the lounge not opening until N Nam ? business travelers often need to be gone by N N , not sitting down to their meager breakfast . the in-room wifi is a pain to access , and i somehow got stuck with the N . N plan even though i selected the basic plan . ( don ' t get me started on how a N night hampton inn can offer free wifi and a full-service hilton towers seemingly can ' t . . . ) . finally , what ' s with the two bathrooms per one hotel room ? it ' s an unseemly waste of space , especially when the rooms are so meager . and the gold-plated bathroom fixtures scream N , not N , as does the picture-tube tv ( vs . flat panel ) . overall , this is a huge disappointment over which conrad should be ashamed . 
this is an absolutely exquisite hotel , at a great location , and boasting superb amenities . i was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on michigan ave . the hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk . i appreciated the homey , well-designed interior and views of the city . it was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so i didn ' t have to wander the city for my late night meal . this will definitely be my hotel of choice when i return to the city . 
i recently stayed at the palmer house hilton on a business trip to chicago . i will do my best to make sure that future employees of my company do i have to stay here . when the reservation was made , an early check-in was arranged -- due to travel arrangements , my travel companion and i were to get to the city in the early hours of the morning . we had arranged an early check-in without having to pay for the night before . there was no fuss raised when we agreed on this and so we assumed it would be fine . when we got there , however , there were no rooms available for us for hours and they refused to keep our bags . we were forced to change clothes and wash up in the public restrooms of the office building where our first meeting took place , and cart our bags around with us . they offered insincere apologies and didn ' t offer to comp us anything for the inconvenience . the rest of the stay ( one night ) was nothing to praise . i guess not having bugs would count as positive ? i would definitely never recommend that anyone stay here . 
i stayed in this hotel for a week and i was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel . i was shocked and disapointed with my stay , here are some of my gripes - room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - breakfast service was slow and impolite - hotel rationed shampoo ( one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full ) . - we also shared a bar of soap . i was so disappointed with this hotel , i paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay . 
me and my wife recently stayed at the hilton chicago while on vacation , and i can ' t recommend it enough . the hotel is located right on michigan avenue in downtown chicago , and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores . the rooms are spacious and elegant they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish . i especially liked the big flat screen tv and the very comfy bed , sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but i had no problem falling asleep . i highly recommend the hilton chicago , i ' ll definitely stay there again . a 
recently , i traveled to chicago for a business conference and was lucky enough to stay at the hyatt regency chicago . the whole experience was wonderful ! the room was spacious and beautiful , and the bed was so comfortable that i had no problem falling asleep , as i normally do at other hotels . the staff were polite and courteous , and after a delicious breakfast in the restaurant , i went to my conference with a smile on my face . 
pleasant staff and housekeeping . above average breakfast . the rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens . it was bedbug free ! ! i would definitely stay there again . 
just returned from a N night stay at the talbott . this was our first visit there , and i can honestly say that i wouldn ' t stay at any other hotel in chicago . from when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure , the staff was nothing less than amazing , always greeting with a smile and can i help you attitute . the room we had ( N ) was very spacious and comfortable . the bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and i have ever slept in ( including the four seasons ) . had great breakfasts and drinks at basil ' s . you would be missing a fantastic experience , if you didn ' t stay at the talbott . 
the bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed , so we called maintenance to have it fixed . we returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease . there were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools . we love chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again . 
i was really expecting a lot more from a quality chain like the sheraton , but a recent stay at their downtown location in chicago was somewhat of a disappointment . it started with check in i had specifically requested a room with a single king-size bed , but was told at the front desk in no uncertain terms ( ok , rather rudely ! ) that because of some banker ' s convention that was going on , i should be happy with the double-bed room that was left . it was all i could do to get a lousy drink voucher for my inconvenience ! the room itself was ok , nothing special though . the cleaning staff must ' ve just been through , because there was a faint aroma of old washrags still in the air . the internet jack wasn ' t working . it took more than two hours for a maintenance guy to come up to fix it , no apologies given . for the price , i really expected more in the way of customer service from sheraton . i guess they ' re really no better than anyone else these days ! 
i recently stayed in the james hotel in chicago and trust me i will never do it again . when you pay a premium price you ' d expect first rate service . our whole experience was a disaster though short lived b c we could stay their another second . when we arrived at the hotel we had to wait while the receptionist finished playing with her phone for service and then our room was not ready . so we had to wait in the lobby with our baggage . when we finally got to the room i wouldn ' t exactly call it clean but it wasn ' t to bad . the pictures on the website are nice enough but the furniture is falling apart and probably from walmart . there was plenty of space for an average person of N ' but i ' m N ' N ' and the beds where smaller than what they said , not to mention uncomfortable . we ordered room service and not only did they bring us the wrong order but it took N hours . there walls were also paper thin so we got little sleep . the heater helped block out some noise until it stopped working in the middle of the night . so the next morning , sore from the uncomfortable bed , hungry tired and cold we checked out before we even had our coffee . stay away ! 
hotel allegro chicago is a beautiful place . i was originally dreading being in chicago due to the fact it was all business and no play , but as soon as i saw the inside of the hotel i was stunned ! i wasn ' t expecting to stay at a place that made business trip feel like a get-away vacation . the service there was amazing , everybody was very friendly . when i saw my room , once again my jaw almost dropped . the room was fit for a king , the designs on the wall were so elegant . the beds were extraordinarily comfy . i think for my next business trip i am going to bring my wife and kids with me . i give this kimpton hotel N N stars ! 
guys trip to chicago , scored this hotel on priceline for N a night . had a little confusion over the bed situation at first . they said they only had kings available even after i had called and requested N doubles . after a N minute ordeal at the front desk they put us in a room with N doubles . the room was nice , nothing specacular , a little on the small side but nice . the lobby was beautiful to look at but that ' s about it . hotel is within walking distance to soldier field , sears tower , espn zone , and lots of bars and restaurants . great location that and the price we got the room for made our trip . would definately try and stay at this hotel again . 
i travel often for business and this hotel ranks very low on my list . the room had such a strong odor of smoke , it gave me a headache ( and i used to be a smoker ) ! the room service was mediocre and extremely expensive . the hotel is disturbingly huge . very difficult to navigate your way around it . i waited on hold for twenty minutes to ask a concierge where a pharmacy was located . she curtly gave me cross-street names and hung up . uhhhhh , how do i know which direction to go in ? ? ? stains on the carpet in the room . a big gauge in the wall , where maybe a thermostat once was ? ? ? the shower is decent . all in all , for the price they charge , no thanks ! ! ! i ' m just glad my company is footing the bill . 
having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website , i arrived tired from ireland , to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night , but did have rooms for the rest of the week . they booked me in to another ( not as nice ) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation . on my return to the hotel next day , i was upgraded to the club level . what really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake . . . unprompted . of course , the hotel itself ( particularly on the Nnd floor ) is excellent . i will definitely be back . 
a disappointment to say the least . i have heard rave after rave about hotel allegro and was super excited when our brother-in-law gave us an american express gift card that we decided to use for a night out ! i called hotel allegro and made the reservation for a saturday night . the person who took the reservation was very sweet and assured me that there would be no problem using the gift card , since they do indeed take american express . i couldn ' t wait to get there ! we arrive at hotel allegro at about N N on saturday afternoon . me , the tourist , i am already taking pics of the sign out front and trying to get a sneek peak of the ballroom set up for a wedding . we get in the line to check in . i give them the gift card and my check card . they tell me that neither one will work because they are charging the cards for not only the room rate , but for incidentals as well . we give them a credit card instead . while in line checking in , we hear complaint after complaint from other guests and i start to wonder what our experience is going to be like . the guy at the front desk is on the radio with the bell-man . someone ' s luggage has been lost . he desk clerk snaps at the bell-man for the entire line to see . not impressed . we get to our little shoebox of a room that i was so disappointed to see . the rooms on the website looked glorious ! my bedroom at home is nicer than this tiny room . the sink is too small - water splashes everywhere even as evident by the water all over the floor when we got into our room . yuck . we stay the night and go to check out in the morning . again , i give them the american express gift card . the clerk says ' their system usually doesn ' t take them ' . i tell him that i called to confirm that their system would take it on friday . he swipes the card and bam ! it works ! what do you know ? ? he was so rude . i will not stay at hotel allegro again , nor would i recommend it to anyone . such a disappointment ! 
when you enter the lobby at the millennium knickerbocker hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered . the staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can . the check in process is smooth and friendly as i expected . when you enter your room the decor catches your eye . luxurious yet not stuffy is how i describe it . the restroom tub is large and made of marble . the whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home . i highly recommend the millennium knickerbocker hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while . 
the hotel sofitel chicago water tower bills itself as a N-star luxury hotel , but the luxury is evidently in the eye of the beholder . filled with trite modern art and modular , cheap-looking furniture that looks straight out of the latest ikea catalogue , this N-floor hunk of glass has to be one of the ugliest hotels i have ever seen . ' urban chic ' design does not equal comfort the seating and bed furniture are made more for the design floor than for actual use . room service is expensive , slow , and the food you eventually do get is mediocre in quality and flavor . the hotel features two bars the cafe des architectes bar , and the simply named le bar . cutesy french names and trendy modern outfittings do not a good hotel bar make ! excellent service , fair prices , friendly and competent staff are what make a bar great , none of which you will find at either of these bars . cafe des architectes is also a restaurant , offering ' seasonal menus featuring contemporary cuisine with french roots , ' which means small portions and large prices at questionable quality . even the old standby filet mignon did not stand up to its reputation , coming out a little dry hunk of meat rather than a succulent steak . pass this one by , if you ' re looking for a comfortable , enjoyable stay in downtown chicago . the water tower is dry . 
if anyone is traveling to chicago , i would strongly recommend the palmer house hilton . i have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and i was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel . i had a guest room with a double bed . at the first sight , the room had perfect decor . the double bed looked comfy and cozy . it wasn ' t just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me . since i was in a hurry in my two-day stay , i didn ' t have time to wander around the town for food . it wasn ' t a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks . the good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night . i can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks . if you are just touring the city , the hotel is quite close to parks , museum , and a lot of shopping places . if you just need a place to stay , the view from the hotel was pretty good as well . among all the hotels i have spent time in , the palmer house hilton tops the list . 
overall the hotel is very nice . the rooms are spacious and well-appointed , but they tend to be aging or dated . my bathroom was particularly below average , with old wallpaper and a dingy tub with a crummy showerhead . the toilet paper roll holder was pulling out of the wall and its screws were exposed . the conceirge recommended an expensive and mediocre restaurant . i hate it when they do that- it makes me suspect they ' re getting kickbacks from places that otherwise don ' t get enough business on their own . breakfast was very good . it ' s a relatively large european-style spread . 
we stayed at the swissotel for a three day weekend , and were disappointed to see the construction when we arrived . is it just me , or is this information not clearly stated on their website ? a giant tarp where a lobby should have been was pretty weird and unwelcoming . the room itself was fine . more bland and generic than the ' european elegance ' claimed on their website . the lack of hot water , was definitely not fine though . there were a couple pluses to our stay at swissotel . the location is good , the bed was comfortable and the room was clean . these few good points certainly did not redeem our experience , and i wouldn ' t pick this place again , even post-construction . 
the conrad chicago is a michelin rated hotel , so i was expecting great service and wonderful accommodations . well , only one part of that was correct . the rooms are indeed nicely furnished , but the service was terrible ! the concierge was unable to find my room reservation ( i reserved online and even had the email confirmation ) and wasn ' t very helpful in getting me a new room . i ordered room service , and the wait time was so long that the food came up cold . i mean , i understand that it would take time to get the food prepared and up to my room , but really ? for the price i paid , it was definitely not worth it , and i would never use this hotel again . 
firtly they took N off my card , even though they also took the same amount off of one of my friends for staying an extra night . they had no business taking the money off of my card . so on the Nth sep i contacted them and they admited to the mistake . it is not a month later and i have called them about N times in all and they have still not paid it back . secondly i booked N rooms at buy N get Nrd room free direct with hotel . when i looked a week later , they had only booked N and refused to offer me the rate Nrd room free rate , so two of my friends didn ' t come to the trip away . thirdly i asked if the initial money for all rooms could be taken asap as the dollar was weak against the pound . after about N phone calls over N months ( each saying they would ) they eventually took the money and the whole trip cost an additional psN . overall , the hotel was nice and in a nice location , but i will never be staying there again due to all my problems . 
we recently stayed at the fairmont chicago millennium park while travelling for business . what an incredible experience ! friends had stayed there years ago , but when we showed them our photos , they couldn ' t believe the amazing renovations . while we loved the modern decor and style , our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call fairmont pure rooms . i have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling , so i wasn ' t too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room . i have to say i felt great during our entire stay . we enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at eno . what a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel . this hotel is truly beautiful , everything you would expect from a high-end , big city hotel . our stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park didn ' t disappoint us in any respect . our only disappointment ? we don ' t have a reason to go back to chicago anytime soon , but i have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future . 
hi ho hi ho , off to chicago we go . here ' s the skinny , if you ' re hoping to run into a washed up rock star ( cece deville for us , and no the teenagers had no idea who he was ) you may want to spend your hard earned money here . i took my younger sister and a couple of her friends ( teenagers ) for an overnighter in chicago on our way to wisconsin . i chose the hard rock for the ambiance . i mean come on it is supposed to be ' cool ' . well it wasn ' t . the positives it is in the carbon carbide building , which is beautiful . the location it sits in the middle of everything the lobby has two computers for guest use . the fitness center is very nice . cardio machines have individual tv ' s and there are head phones in case you forgot yours . they have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack . check-in and out was quick and valet was very courteous . the negatives the rooms were small and ours wasn ' t clean ( pistachio shells on the floor ) . the rooms were painted purplish gray ( we were on the prince floor ) with a picture of bob marley hanging on one of the walls . the girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows . bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub . the cable reception was poor i kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture . it isn ' t anywhere near the hard rock cafe . there was very little memorabilia . there is no pool , and yes i knew this when i made the reservation . to wrap it up , i won ' t be staying here again . if i am going to drop almost N benjamins on a hotel room , i will stay at the palmer house hilton . but that is a whole different review . 
the omni chicago hotel was in one word , dreadful . the hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic . the service is terrible . if you want to wait for your room for N and a half hours this is the place to go ! throughout a whole week , beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned . the hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit , they give no info for any activities going on in chicago . this hotel should be listed in the top N worst hotels in america . do not waste your time nor money staying at the omni chicago hotel . 
the room i booked a room here and was told i ' d be getting a king bed . when i check in , they say they only have a queen bed room available . i protested to no avail . when i got to the room , it was really only a full size bed . so i went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in chicago . for the pleasure , i paid the same price as a normal king bed room . the full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable . i think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses . we would wake up with body aches and headaches . my wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights . not good . also , the internet in the room is hard to set-up , slow to use , and inconsistent . i generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work . the internet worked one day on my iphone and then would not log me in . it ' s not really worth it . room service room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical . some mornings they would take our towels ( even the ones we hung up to use again ) and not replace them , other times they would replace some towels and not others . they would also come at vastly different times . hotel service this hotel loves to nickel and dime . i asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it ' d be N . no other hotel i ' ve ever stayed in ( regardless of how many stars it had ) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room . late checkout ? charge . shuttle from the airport ? - nonexistent . the front deck ' gold passport ' people can ' t even figure out how to get you points . in the end i will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay ( not that i plan on staying at a hyatt property again ) . by the way , apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing . i was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying N . the hotel the hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower . the west tower has some underground amenities no one uses . the bars are extremely expensive , but the drinks are tasty . the food is edible too , but i wouldn ' t brag about it . the hotel is not directly on the main street ( michigan ) , but it ' s not too far from it . it ' s right next to the boat tours and , in some rooms , has a view of the navy pier . our room faced another hotel , but we could see a sliver of the pier . the hotel is walking distance from millennium park . it ' s a bit of a walk to any of the l stations though . if you want a wonderful breakfast place , go to wildberry on randolph st . it ' ll have you waiting to eat for a long time , but it ' s yummy ! conclusion i get better rooms , better beds , better service , and better amenities at a holiday inn express or a best western . save the money and stay elsewhere . 
we stayed at the palmer house hilton in early december , we stay there that weekend every december and we think it is the best location in the city for us . we like state street better than michigan avenue and the palmer house is right there . we stayed in the towers , in a room with two double beds and N baths . the room was not huge , but very comfortable . the towers area was recently refurbished and it shows , the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen tvs on the walls , comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food drinks . there is a continental breakfast in the morning , appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes . there is a fridge stocked with soft drinks , water and juice that are yours for the taking . we were very pleased with the upgraded towers , everyone should check it out ! 
my husband and i loved this hotel . the staff were friendly , the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price , and we got an extra ( free ) coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it . highly recommended ! 
here are my experiences - had three rooms reserved , when checked in we were charged N different rates for the rooms - screwed up initial room assignments , gave us a room that was not even cleaned yet when we checked in - could not get us new keys to a different room without great difficulty ( we had to go to the front desk because bell staff went to the wrong room to give us new keys ) - in room guide says pool in on the Nth floor and signs say it is on the Nth - could not get to the pool from the Nth floor without going all the way down to the lobby and then had to go to the Nth floor and take the stairs to the Nth - when we checked in we had the front desk staff go over which credit cards were assigned to which room . - when we received our bills , the credit card assignments were still wrong . i stay at ' economy ' hotels a lot and i have not even come close to having this many problems with a hotel until this one . this hotel should do chicago a service and just close its doors . due to this experience , i will never stay downtown again to deal with overpriced hotels with poor service and surrounding business that are just as bad . 
when i first made reservations at the palmer house hilton , i was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website . little did i know it was going to be a total disaster . first off , my husband and i couldn ' t find the place . it was our first time in chicago after all . and when i would call for directions , they just kept putting me on hold . when my husband and i finally arrived , the bus boy was extremely rude . after man-handling our luggage , he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip . talk about arrogant . the front desk clerk was a little too pushy . my husband and i were only staying one night just to attend my sister ' s wedding , but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room . the room itself was okay , decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you ' re worth . they even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the ' snack bar ' and ordered a movie that i ' ve never even heard of ! completely unprofessional . i will never , i repeat , never stay at this hotel ever again . 
i would never stay here again . for a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel , it cannot even provide the most basic amenities and services . i would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel . the bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained . 
my husband and i snagged a great deal on a weekend trip to chicago , and decided ( at the recommendation of friends ) to stay at the palmer house hilton . the only word we can use to describe it is ' amazing ' ! walking into the lobby feels like stepping back in time , it is simply breath-taking . be sure to check out the ceiling , i have never seen one so beautiful outside of europe . we checked-in without any issues and were assigned a very lovely room with the most comfortable bed i have encountered in any hotel . everything is in walking distance of the palmer house , you couldn ' t hope to find a better location for exploring downtown chicago . everything was perfect with our stay here , i would not stay anywhere else in chicago from now on . 
the sofitel chicago water tower , while seemingly a good idea in theory , has many drawbacks . at first glance , it appears quite luxurious and grand , but some of its shortcomings cannot be overlooked . the hotel is quite tall , coming in at N stories , and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying . the staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest , so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed . the hotel tries to adopt a french flavor , but its efforts fall short . the only real french influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars . the hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city , but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment . the same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general . the city ' s traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one ' s stay here . overall , i would not recommend this hotel . make a different choice . 
our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke . we were not allowed to change rooms . also , the concierge staff was unprofessional , telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed . the location was great . hotel is dated , but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren ' t for customer service issues . 
great hotel . went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time . the hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at . beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery . great staff and wonderfull food as well , i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work . 
after staying at the omni chicago hotel recently , i was nothing but disappointed . this ' luxury hotel ' obviously spends too much money on their marketing to convince people how luxurious they are and not enough on actually making their hotel comfortable . when i arrived , my hotel room was devoid of towels , and after calling down to the front desk , it took three hours and two more calls to finally get some fresh towels delivered . on top of that , when i went to connect to the internet in my room , the wifi signal was too weak and i was forced to go out into the hall to connect with my laptop ! for the exorbitant price they charged me for one night in their ' superior corner suite ' , i could have stayed a week at a holiday inn , and after this stay , i wish i had . 
when my new fiance told me about his business trip to chicago i was quite annoyed . mostly because he insisted i come along . he made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend , with this wonderful hotel . his mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of N . she loved it . . and so did i ! i was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend , but the decor , wonderful staff and massages made up for it ! i spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn ' t have asked for a better experience ! i am definately coming along on the next business trip ! 
the international chicago magnificent mile is shrouded in glamour , but underneath the facade fades away . the ' classical architectural landmark ' should be translated to ' old and boring . i found this hotel via google and have regretted it ever since . room size was small and unaccommodating , and that was one of the newer rooms ! everything was free except for the gym ( why that wouldn ' t be free with the price i paid i don ' t know ) . this hotel is overpriced for the quality and size of the room that you get , and i would not recommend staying there . 
the hotel is excellently situated for visiting the art institute or millennium park . it is an ' old classic ' of a hotel , and the main lobby is a must see , but i would not stay there again . the problem with any hotel dating from long ago ( the current one was built in N-N ) is that , even with extensive remodeling ( which was done in N-N ) it is hard to create spaces that are comparable to what is expected today ( in many cases the walls are load bearing so cannot be changed too much ) . we had a reasonably sized room ( king bed and space for a desk and lounge chair ) but the bathroom was very small with little space to spread out toiletries . also , there was no coffee machine in the room - something i have come to expect in virtually all hotels these days . my major complaint about this stay was the executive lounge . it is usually worth while to pay the extra for access - in most hotels it is not much more than the cost of two breakfasts and there are usually some hors d ' oeuvres in the evening along with a modest wine at a modest price . ( since we are currently at the diamond level in the hilton honors program , we get access for free at the hiltons but i usually upgrade at other chains such as the hyatt . ) at the palmer executive lounge i ordered a couple of glasses of wine ( there was a bartender on duty ) and was slightly surprised by the cost - N glass which came to N . N for two with tax and tip - and was even more surprised by the wine . it was about the worst wine i had tasted in many years . i didn ' t think it was even as good as trader joe ' s cheapest N . N wine that i tried a couple of weeks ago . unfortunately i didn ' t get a look at the bottle to see what it was ( although i did notice that she had to fish it out of the back of a cupboard ) . i noticed that a couple of groups in the executive lounge had brought their own wine in - and i can understand iot at the prices they were charging . it then occurred to me that the wine had been sitting around open for some time . i checked the room service menu and saw that they offered three red wines by the glass - the same three varietals as at the bar . the cabernet was a william hill at N . N glass from room service . i presume that what i had had at some time been a william hill that had been left to turn to vinegar . it was slightly more expensive from room service , but i hope that it was in a lot better condition . 
my stay here was superb . the view from my windows was stunning , as i looked out i could see the beautiful grant park . the room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting . the bed was very comfortable . the wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips . the hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca . overall i thouroughly enjoyed my stay here . 
swissotel chicago don ' t let the shiny bright lights of the windy city fool you . this hotel does not provide the luxurious experience or stay as you might expect . firstly , the provided appliances and room gadgets are of relatively low quality . for example , the window curtain for a small bedroom window nearly broke off it ' s support after trying to open them for a city view . the bedroom bed ( king-sized ) makes rattling noises on every turn of the body you make . of coarse , this isn ' t too bad once you fall asleep , until then , it sucks ! in regards to room services , the hotel workers are not all that friendly . they talk to you in a stubborn way , as if they just want to get it done and over with , just to get their pay-check . yes they do all basic room service orders , but it is not all too friendly . overall , this hotel has it ' s much noticeable flaws on top of the positives this hotel has ( which is a bare minimum ) . with that being said , i would not recommend this hotel for anyone around the downtown chicago area in need for at least average hotel services . however , if sub-par service and quality is okay for you , then this hotel could be suitable , however , considering it ' s prices , you are better off looking elsewhere for hotel rooms . 
i am usually a big fan of kimpton hotels , but this place is awful ! ! ! i would rate it poor from the moment we arrived to the moment we left . it is an old , dark and damp hotel that they slapped a coat of paint on to make it look more ' botique ' . the carpets are dirty , and tattered patrons are walking around the lobby in their barefeet . yuck ! ! ! the bathrooms are tiny , and the floors look like they have a layer of flith on them . when we called down to the desk to ask for them to be cleaned , we were brushed off and told they were made to look that way . we woke up on the first morning to find multiple wads of gum on the lobby table . we told the front desk , called housekeeping , and then called the front desk again . . finally after several hours someone came and cleaned the gum . the elevators are slow , and often only one is working at any given time . i did not find the staff to be friendly at all , except for one waiter breakfast . what a disappointment ( 
not worth the price . we almost stayed at a hotel for N a night , but instead choose the hard rock for N ( a special ) . we were located on the ' newly renovated ' beatles floor . the carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced . upon entering our room we found some cool beatles artwork along with a NxN foot marilyn manson portrait . i think they were halfway done re theming the room . at checkout they tried to charge us N for using the mini-bar which we didn ' t even open . they removed the charge right away but i wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge . nothing special here . if you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you . 
my wife and i decided to spend three days in chicago last summer , and booked via expedia . when we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its ' beauty . it ' s like something out of europe . we were able to get a free room upgrade , even though the rooms are still a bit small , but its ' an old hotel in an old city . it ' s there for sleeping and showering . the restaurants , lounges , and shops were all wonderfull . the next time we travel to chicago , i ' ll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the palmer house hilton 
our first visit to chicago and i really cannot wait to go back . the hotel was in a great location and every member of staff we had contact with were exceptionally helpful . particular mention should go to the door staff who were amazingly helpful . the room was clean , quiet and spacious , if only every hotel were like this . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago last week and was very disappointed . the highlight of the stay was waiting N minutes for a bellman to come and get our luggage . finally , my N year old mother , N year old son , and myself gave up and dragged it all down to valet parking ourselves - no easy task . the security guard was kind enough to hold the door for me . the valet parking attendants looked over and then ignored us . as far as i could tell , he was just standing there doing nothing . i couldn ' t let go of the bags without everything falling so i gave my son the parking receipt . the attendant pointed to where our car was parked - no short distance away . my N year old had to tell him to pull it up . they should have been ashamed . less significant , but irritating issues . the pool is part of the hilton athletic club . two lanes are reserved for adults wanting to lap swim . basically , two adults can take up N Nrds of the pool while everyone else is consigned to the leftover N Nrd . this is ridiculous and very family unfriendly . in addition , the pool closes at N p . m . what pool closes at N ? we stayed for N nights . not one single additional bar of soap , bottle of shampoo , or coffee stirrers . 
i used to stay at the homewood suites all the time on business but have not stayed there on business since N - since that time my company has been doing business in the suburbs instead of downtown . during december of N and this year N i did stay there a few days with my family and was greeted as if i never left . there is a lady named connie who works the breakfast shift and she greets everyone and always remembers you from years before . a wonderful lady indeed - my wife even commented to me on the way to chicago if that lady would still be there and would still remember and yes she does ! its a great place to stay . 
i had really high hopes for this hotel . the location seemed great and the prices were too . unfortunatley , you get what you pay for . despite being located near the miracle mile and navy pier , there weren ' t many other redeeming qualities . the staff was very rude . we arrived late after a long drive from detroit and found nobody in the lobby to help us check in . once we finally got checked in , our room hadn ' t been cleaned and there was trash left over from the last people . we were told the cleaning staff had gone home for the night and they couldn ' t get to it until morning ! we had planned on seeing some of chicago ' s attractions like the field museum but we could hardly find anyone to help us out with where to go . their website advertises lots of specials and packages but we found absolutely no way to purchase them . finally , when we checked out , they had charged our room an extra cleaning fee because the cleaning we requested on the first night . ridiculous ! 
stayed at the talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay . room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift , but everything else made up for that . positives bed was very comfortable , great to have real shower , free internet , gym usage , staff ( all friendly ) and location . negative lift noise , lifts slow and restaurant ( there are so many great restaurants around - don ' t bother staying in ) would stay again ! 
i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in chicago . ideal position , lovely quiet rooms , good facilities , complimentary breakfast well received and the manager ' s evening drinks reception excellent we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks . the in-house amalfitini cocktail was very good . the staff were very friendly and helpful . if i ever return to chicago i would certainly stay there again . theres nothing bad i can say about this hotel . 
chicago is my favorite city visit . i wanted to share this special city with a new love and booked us a room at the swissotel . it is advertised as close to downtown and close to the museums of chicago . i wanted to share my new love . it was indeed close to the museums but to get to either the shopping district or the chicago art institute it was a long walk , full of detours , and it was not easy to grab a cab . while the rooms seemed to be luxuriously decorated the beds were uncomfortable and the rooms just were not very clean . the room service was slow , the food arrived cold , and the total experience was way so expensive for what we got . i do not think i have ever experienced the level of noise in such a ' grand hotel ' as the swissotel seems . i would not recommend the swissotel because disappointment , noise , and cold food should just not cost that much . 
we became an ambassador member just before spending mother ' s day at the chicago intercontinental , and received a room upgrade to an exceptional room . our saturday night stay was the best N we ever spent ( mother ' s day special ) . the welcoming chocolate covered strawberries began the weekend on a high note the concierge continued it by arranging a wonderful dinner ( moderately priced ) , and the great sunday breakfast topped it all off . all in all , mother ' s day in chicago was super . we loved it enough to be back for labor day weekend ( another ' package ' ) . 
i really loved my stay at the talbott . my room was amazing ! the bathroom ( and i am very picky about hotel bathrooms ) had ample room for all of my stuff , which is a bonus for me . the staff treated me really well and they were very friendly . i was afraid that i ' d get a little lost , since it was my first trip to chicago , but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area ( rush st . michigan ave . -- which are very close by ) . the hotel reminded me of those i ' d stayed at in europe . the room service is N hours , which for me , was a bonus because i am up mostly during the nights . this is the only place i will ever stay if i visit chicago again . for a single woman traveling alone to a strange city , this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable . 
this hotel is the perfect location for downtown chicago shopping . the only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors , but looks much larger on the website . 
to start with , this hotel had the worst customer service . they were impossible to work with on everything ! now , the problems we had in chronological order . first , we arrive at N pm sat . to check in . they did not have the room with N beds we had reserved available , so they offered us a room with one bed and a rollaway ( free of charge ) . however , the room was not ready yet . finally at N . N ! ( N . N hrs later ) we were able to get our room keys . but , there was no rollaway . another N mins and N phone calls later , we had a rollaway , but had to get the charge waived a second time . now we go to check out on mon . and they couldn ' t print us a bill or give us a total . we stop N hrs down the road to get gas only to find out that our bank card had been overdrawn N , N . N ! we called the bank and found out the hotel had ran our card through N times , for N each , when our bill was supposed to be N . after sitting at the gas station on the phone for N . Nhrs , the money was finally put back in our account so we could continue our trip home . i would recommend a holiday inn over the intercontinental any day . 
my first trip back to chicago in about N years was perfect ! i chose the knickerbocker as i had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to michigan avenue , rush street and downtown chicago . i must say i was very impressed with the guestrooms ! i had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what i ' ve seen in photo ' s posted on the reviews . the guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel ! the beds are wonderful -- i need to get a pillow top mattress at home ! i used the internet access with no issue and i loved the larger screen tv ' s . the shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose . and the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile . i ' m anxious to get back to chicago and it won ' t be N years from now ! i would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms , location and staff ! i ' ve added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one ' s i saw on previous reviews with the new renovation . 
quite simply the hyatt regency chicago is the business traveler ' s best friend . recently i had to attend a seminar in chicago and stayed at the hyatt . to say i was impressed would be an understatement . centrally located in the heart of downtown , the hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction . on arrival the staff goes into overdrive . they make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel . the rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with N percent cotton linens . my room came equipped with flat screen tv , wi-fi and high speed internet . room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you . there were also car rental on site as were restaurants , cocktail bar and a N hour dining room . they have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features . there is also catering and limo service . the staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional . all in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between . this hotel is definitely worth the price and i will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered . my only regret ? that i could not stay much longer . 
i am often traveling on business and i always try to stay at the james . the modern design of the lobby and restaurant with wood and glass creates a luxurious atmosphere and the streamlined , comfortable room design give an upscale aesthetic like that of a penthouse loft apartment . the availability of computers and coffee in the james ' business centers means i do not have to lug my laptop around the hotel . the james provides the perfect setting for business travelers and is a cozy place to retire to in the evenings . the ease of breakfast service in the rooms means that i do not have to stress or rush , as my time is valuable . i love the james . 
stayed over memorial weekend for N nites , N rooms . great hotel , we always love breakfast in morning , and drinks in even when applicable . around the corner from magnificent mile , and close to lots of restaurants . staff was great , we even checked in early before noon , and other room available less than hour later . fresh fruit was available to us , and bell guys are cool . suites are on small side compared to other homewoods but no complaints here , house cleaning kept our room clean , and we felt safe ! 
we loved the talbott . the location was fabulous . . . very close to the shopping . the hotel is smaller , but the rooms are very nice . they are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well . also , the beds are some of the most comfortable i have ever slept in . i might also add that our room at queen beds . the staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you . the hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers , etc . it looks like a scene out of europe . i would highly recommend the hotel . we were there with our daughters ages N and N . 
the hotel is in a good location . it is very contemporary in decoration . beautiful flowers in lobby . the room service was very good . concierge services were also very good . we were treated well . the shower water pressure was very poor . also , at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us , which we were charged for the Nrd night when our room was actually prepaid . it was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel . bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers food . read more 
the palmer house hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there ! i stayed at this hotel on business and all i can say is wow ! ! ! one of the main things that i liked about the hotel was the indoor pool ! i loved being able to go swimming even though it was december and N degrees outside ! also , the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings . i dined at lockwood restaurant and bar and the food was amazing for a hotel ! one thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog , but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so i didn ' t have to deal with that ! all in all , this hotel was fantastic and i look forward to the next time i get to stay here ! 
my husband and i were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the conrad hotel . for the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite . upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist . not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name , but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she couldn ' t spell ! our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me . we ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food . it was alright but nothing out of this world . we felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere . all in all the conrad was a big disappointment to both of us . 
this might be a classy looking hotel in downtown chicago , and while the location is not bad , the rooms are definitely hit or miss . they range from the super basic ' affordable ' room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford . with so many different room options , it ' s no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past N N pm . the hotel has a decent pool , but the health club is extra per day , as are many other services at the hotel . you ' d imagine that for the price of a stay here ( N up to multiple hundreds ) that more things would be included ! additionally , the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful . i really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here . if i were to return to chicago again , i ' d definitely try out staying somewhere else . 
very very noisy - constant water running through pipes . it was terrible ! ! there are much better hotels to stay at in chicago . thier parking rate is obnoxious ( N . N a night ) and way too far out to walk to much . if you must stay here , try to park for free on dead end street ( feed meter on weekdays ) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a jewel grocery store for sodas snacks . ( a can of soda at the hotel was N . N plus N restocking fee ! ! ) 
booked a room online and got a great rate under N which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in chicago in this nice location , N blocks i think from the water . even though our rate was so cheap , the service was wonderful , the front desk were polite cheerful , the doormen and valet were great and helpful , and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on , free of charge ! the fitness room was clean , large and provided fruit and clean towels , and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel . location of hotel is safe , and such a beautiful area . check the rates directly online of the hotel ' s website , as it was the least expensive . we will stay here again for sure . 
last month , my husband and i stayed at the intercontinental chicago while we were in town for imts . although they were very busy , the service was excellent and very professional . the staff were always smiling and happy to help . intercontinental was conveniently located near michigan avenue , and the best stores and restaurants in town . the view from our room was great ! our room was always clean when we arrived home at night , it was decorated nicely , and the beds were extremely comfortable ! we ate at the hotel ' s restaurant zest , and the food was great ! it was by far one of the best hotels we have visited in a while . we will definitely be back ! 
i had a great time here ! it is centerally located in chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent . the staff was amazing and very helpful ! parking was a bit steep , but to be expected . the room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable . the yoga mat rental was wonderful as well ! wonderful and relaxing experience overall . 
my wife and i decided to stay at the amalfi while we visited friends in chicago we will not stay here again nor would we recommend this ' luxury ' hotel to any of our friends . amalfi claims that your stay begins with a ' warm greeting , ' but we received the exact opposite . the front desk clerk was rude , sighed and rolled her eyes anytime we asked her a question , and became agitated when asked for a pet friendly room . apparently there was extra work for her since we had to change our reservations and add our dog , who we had to bring at the last minute . the room on the pet floor was alright , nothing spectacular , and unfortunately had a slight scent of covered-up dog urine . we proceeded to dinner at keefer ' s restaurant and had to wait an additional N minutes past our reservation time . i have my suspicions we were segregated upon because of our casual attire opposed to the elegant environment that was prominent throughout the restaurant . the next day , i could not get the wireless in the room to work correctly , and had to finish some work at our friend ' s house . my wife had called for some extra towels and pillows , which took about half an hour to receive . she also ordered breakfast because breakfast in bed was her favorite- until the eggs that showed up had a long black hair in them . we were set to stay for N days , but only managed to stay N . we will not be staying here again . 
the knickerbocker hotel is fantastic ! it ' s an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once . the hotel has a fabulous location . it ' s a one minute walk to the cheesecake factory and bloomingdales , and about a N minute walk to einstein bagel company ( the best bagels and cream cheese ever ) , macys and saks . this location can ' t be beat . you ' re at one end of the magnificent mile , so it makes for easy strolling , as you don ' t start in the middle and then backtrack . the hotel staff are super helpful and friendly . checking in and out was very smooth , and the concierge ( cheryl ) was amazing . she booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us , and recommended an incredible restaurant called carmines which was a N minute walk . it was the greatest italian restaurant i have ever been to , and i can ' t recommend it more . the rooms are small but not too small . we had a beautiful big samsung flat screen , cordless phones , a rain shower , ample clean towels , and beautiful marble countertops . the hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like i was at a N star hotel in europe . the beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter . the only complaint i had was that housekeeping woke us up at N N one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on . when we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed . the issue was corrected , though , and it didn ' t happen again during our N night stay . the hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping . very cute . their late night menu , however , is lacking . it would have been nice to see some soup on there . that being said , i rarely order from room service when on vacation , so i really don ' t see that being a big deal . overall i would recommend this hotel without hesitation . i think we paid about N a night and i would say it was worth far more than that . we had a wonderful experience and i truly look forward to staying there again . . . . wouldn ' t stay anywhere else ! 
i stayed at ich chicago for business in november of N and loved it . as a royal ambassador member , they upgraded me to a beautiful junior suite with a separate living and working area and N bathrooms ! my upgrade was in place upon arrival and a beautiful fruit basket was waiting for me on the coffee table . they even had a nice young lady escort me to my room . the suite was beautifully furnished and had an art deco feel to it . the only thing i regretted was that i only stayed one night . i will definitely stay here on my next visit . 
i recently stayed at the ambassador east hotel for two night , and my visit was nothing short of disappointing . expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance , we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere . our expectations for the ambassador were not met . the room was small and , frankly , outdated . the bathroom smelled musty . the a c in the room had two settings polar cold or off . the walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms , and it was loud at night - a good night ' s sleep was impossible . staff were indifferent . do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel . frankly , it ' s not worth the steep price and mediocre character . since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in chicago , i know i won ' t be back at this place . 
your website wowed me enough to book online although i had never used your hotel . i had high expectations when visiting your hotel with my family on our recent trip to chicago and i was very disappointed . the first problem was that there was not enough staff at the desk . we had to wait a long time to get checked in . when we finally got to the room the beds were unmade and cleaning supplies were in the bathroom . the maid hadn ' t finished the room and she ' d left her stuff behind ! of course we called the desk right away and got a new room but it was a huge hassle . the next problem was the dog of the person across the hall and down one . we knew this was a pet friendly hotel but we envisioned well controlled , non barking pets . this animal barked repeatedly when my kids were trying to go to sleep . i called the desk twice and eventually the barking stopped . i think the dog just gave up because it didn ' t sound like the desk staff knew what to do . the crowning disaster , at least for my kids and husband , was that the remote control for the tv was dead . we managed to get that taken care of but it was just the icing on the cake . your hotel looks great but actually being there is not great . i cannot recommend it to anyone . 
this is my letter to the management . . . . . sir or madam i am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the amalfi . we were a guest from N N to N N . during our stay we used the ' valet ' service operated through standard parking . our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments . much to my chagrin , N day valet service did not include proper security monitoring , despite the premium over ' self park ' . i understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel , but i would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation . this was not the case . i hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests 
the conrad chicago was by far the best experience i have ever had in travel leisure . not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable , but the food in the restaurant was exquisite . not to mention the perfect service from the resort ' s employees ! i was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs . i ' m naturally a fitness freak , so i was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the Nth floor . best of all , it was available to guests at any time , day or night . the resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area , so it wasn ' t a far walk to scope out the shops . the most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous chicago looks all lit up . it was so relaxing just watching the city come to life . i was very disappointed when i had to pack and leave . any time that i make my way back to chicago , you better believe i will be staying at the conrad chicago . i recommend this resort to everyone i know who does a lot of traveling . 
i had such high hopes when i booked a stay at the knickerbocker hotel in chicago a few short weeks ago . when i arrived i should have known things would not be as i expected them to be . the host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that i was there . when i finally got checked in and arrived in my room i found that the temperature in the room was far too hot . the air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot , muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room . i turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down . since i arrived in the early afternoon i decided to order room service from the nix restaurant that is in the hotel , i ordered the gooey triple decker grilled cheese , at N i was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich i had ever eaten . when it finally arrived , more than an hour later , it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey ! it also comes with a bowl of tomato bisque soup which , needless to say was also cold . for the quality of the food , N was way too much to pay for this meal . after a meeting with clients we stopped by the martini bar for drinks . the waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve . needless to say it took forever to get our drinks . we heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well . finally we got our drinks , we all ordered a french martini . we all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered , it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very , very tart . at N each you would think it would be made to perfection , far from it . the evening finally over i went back to my room where i now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have . after a miserable night i checked out glad to be done with the knickerbocker hotel ! 
the homewood suites by hilton , in downtown chicago , has to be one of the most comfortable and affordable hotels in the windy city . after asking the doorman , i discovered all guest suites in the entire establishment feature a two room layout with a fully equipped kitchen . the full sized refrigerator caused me to do a double take , as did the stove and lcd televisions . this is definitely the place to have a home away from home while in chicago . it ' s mind blowing that a hotel this extravagant can have rates as low as N a night , which is what i payed when i stayed there in september . the atmosphere was warm and cozy , and the staff were all very friendly and professional . 
stayed here in november N on a leisure trip to chicago . hotel is very dated , with some rooms that just aren ' t good enough . front desk staff was rude . will not be staying here again - prefer the swissotel and the hyatt properties ( regency is similarly priced , and park hyatt is Nx more ) and a list of boutique hotels in the area as well ( kimpton , etc ) . pros -the only hotel that opens onto michigan avenue , very close to all of the excitement -eno wine bar has a great selection of cheeses -rooms are clean cons -some hotel rooms just make no sense - our first room was tiny and had a window overlooking a ledge ( effectively no view ) , and our second room had two windows that looked out onto a brick wall ( actually no view ) -you have to pay for everything - internet , gym , and the pool ( which was not available due to renovation . . . ) -entire hotel was very old , not in a classical sense but in a ghost story one -front desk staff was rude 
i have been N times in chicago , and i have stayed in N different hotels this has been for much the very best option . the lobby , the warm of the receptionist , the room , the hotel is very good . it is walking distance to the magnificent mile and there ' s no chance for you to get lost from this hotel . if you like to travel with style this could be a very good option . 
our trip to chicago was a complete delight despite our stay at the affinia hotel . because their rates were actually higher than we were used to in new york city , we naturally assumed we would get a nicer establishment . we could not have been more wrong . this place focuses on gimmicks to set themselves apart from their competition . uunfortunately , it does set them apart but in a strictly negative way . both the ' dream pillow menu ' and the ' experience kit ' were a complete flop . with the ' dream pillow menu ' , the hotel offered patrons what seemed to be great pillow choices from down-stuffed to hypoallergenic selections . we happily chose the fluffy down pillows but when we got to our room and laid down on them a giant poof of dust came out . at first , i thought it was my imagination so i stood up and hit the pillows on the edge of the bed . more dust came out them ! particles were flying around the room , i ' m now sneezing and there was this disgusting grit all over my sunglasses that were sitting on the night stand . i called the desk and they sent up replacements for all the pillows . these pillows were some kind of ' music pillow ' that pluged into an mpN player . i was sleeping on uncomfortable cords all night . in general , the staff was pleasant and tried to be accommodating , but there was just no apology good enough for filthy pillows . another failed gimmick they offered was the ' experience kits ' . we were given ( ours to keep ) a collection of some maps ( which were actually very nice ) , a walking tour guide that was all marked up , and a handy deck of cards opened and missing two cards . if this place lacked attention to detail , that is one thing , but it lacked any attention at all . if the pillows weren ' t already enough , at this point i was certain that i would never stay at this establishment again . run , don ' t walk away from this place . 
i loved the ambassador ! what a great hotel . it ' s really beautiful , and the room was absolutely striking , very classic and elegant . everything was done really well the staff treated me like a regular . this is a top-notch hotel , the best place i ' ve stayed in a long time . my only complaint is that i wish it was on the mile , but that ' s it . 
my wife and i just returned from a N night stay at the amalfi hotel in chicago and enjoyed everything about the hotel . most importantly our room was perfect with plenty of space , great jazz cd ' s in the room , wonderful bathroom and one of the most comfortable beds i ' ve ever slept in . the staff was very helpful with every request . the amalfi offers a great continential breakfast on every floor each morning with good coffee and a great selection of pastry ' s , fruit ' s and jucie ' s . we also enjoyed the managers receptions one evening where they offer a great choice of complementary cocktails and antipasta ' s for their guests . would highly recommend this hotel . 
my stay at the ambassador east hotel was a pleasant one . i loved being able to take a quick stroll to michigan ave for some shopping . i also loved the pump room . what a fun place to hang out and enjoy a blood mary . the front desk staff was wonderful with my check in since my reservation was lost . they found me a room immediately even though the city was book up . i thought the rooms were clean and well maintained . the shampoo was great and i decided to take it home with me . i am looking forward to another stay at the ambassador east in the spring when i return to chicago . 
i recently stayed at this hotel not to long ago . sure , it looks nice , but it ' s really just a smoke screen . i went to the clerk to check in and she was very rude to me . i was asking about nearby attractions and she abruptly cut me off to tell me that i need to go find a phone book and ask someone else . she also encoded my key wrong , so i had to have it redone . i finaly get to my room , only to discover it was a mess . the sheets were thrown on the floor , the curtains were wide open and to top it all off , the toliet hadn ' t been flushed . it was horrible . i called the front desk to have a maid come and fix it up , but i was told they were on break . whatever thoguh , i cleaned up myself . the night progresses and i awaken to the sound of someone beating on my door . some guy said that i was in his room . it baffled me , but we went straight down to the lobby and got it cleared up . they had given his the wrong room . i couldn ' t take one more day of all the bull . i checked out early the next morning and stayed at a different hotel for the remainder of my visit to chicago . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
the room was very spacious with very nice , colorful decorating . the beds felt like lying on a cloud , and there were four pillows on each bed , two fiberfill and two down so you could choose which you like better . the bathroom was very nice also . overall , i was very pleased with the stay . you had to show your room key to get in after ten p . m . i thought that was a good security issue . it has a great location too , close to downtown . i would recommend it . the decorations were very classy . most hotels have two of the same framed art , boring bedspreads and lumpy pillows . the hyatt regency was just the opposite . 
i was extremly unhappy with my recent stay at affinia chicago ! when i arrived to check in , my reservation that i had made , ( and confirmed ) , N weeks earlier , was not in the computer . i had to wait N minutes in the lobby while a room was being cleaned for me . the whole time the desk clerk gave me dirty looks and texted non-stop on her cell phone , while the office phone rang off the hook . i had no toilet paper in my restroom or trash can in room . i ' ll never go back , dont waste your money . 
stayed at the chicago hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door i was very impressed . check-in was quick , easy and i was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time . we were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant . it made getting ready to go out much quicker ! the hotel location is great opposite the park , which is a must see . although located on south michigan ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of michigan ave . would also recommend the street one block back from michigan ave for good shopping . for breakfast i would recommend grabbing a muffin , croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant . for evening entertainment kitty o ' sheas is a must . typical irish bar with good drinks and live music . finally the bed at hilton chicago is the most comfortable bed ever . i would have taken it home if i could ! definately made for a good nights sleep . 
the ambassador east hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied . upon my entrance at the ambassador east , i was greeted warmly . the staff was incredibly pleasant , and the accommodations were top-knotch . the food served at the award-winning ' pump room ' was to die for , and the service was fast but friendly . 
i really had high hopes for homewood suites when i stayed there on a week-long business trip last month . after all , considering their prices ( it ' s technically a hilton ) , you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel . i ' ll start with the good stuff about the hotel it ' s in downtown . now for the bad stuff first , everyone is rude . i ' m not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp . the bellboy scowled at me in the lobby , was rough with my luggage , and then scowled at me again when i tipped him N . likewise , the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head . she had to call her supervisor over twice just to check me in , and i had a reservation ! apparently she was new , and didn ' t have much experience using the computer , but that ' s no excuse it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into N minutes of tedium . sadly , the room was no better than the service . the hot water in the sink did not work , the shower was only lukewarm , and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink . complimentary mood lighting , i guess . the tv was a bust sure it was an lcd , but the espn logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel . and to top it all off , the bed smelled funny . i called the front desk ( at least the phone worked ) , and asked for fresh sheets . the person i talked to said they ' d be right up , but never came . eventually , i gave up . i woke up the next morning to back pain ( the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow ) . i left the room , and made my way through the chilly hallways to the ' complimentary buffet . ' literally all the food was bad . even the cereal tasted stale . looking around , everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience . the sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel . just plain sad . worst part was , it was the same thing for the next four days , too . 
i can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned . we stayed in room N , king with river view . no noise and very comfortable . the price was a bargain at N a night . i would stay here again . the ' l ' from midway airport lets you off about two blocks from the hotel . it ' s a N ride - no need for a N taxi ride . 
the hard rock hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into chicago . . the location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as lake michigan , millennium park , and art museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from . my co-works loved the exterior of the building , views from the rooms , the art on the walls , and crisp , clean hip feeling of the hotel , but not ' too over the top ' for ' business ' . by far a better experience than your usual ' chain ' hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms . here you feel special . . . for the same price . the lobby and bar have fun cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on michigan ave ( or catch a real rock star in the lobby ! ) 
terrible time at the talbott . when i planned my vacation to chicago i called ahead and made reservations to stay here . when i went to check in i was told i didn ' t have a reservation , knowing my credit card was charged i argued with the guy who was working . finally the only option he gave me was to speak with someone else . thankfully they knew how to use the computer . i go up to my room and there was a terrible smell of beer and feet . i could not believe it when i complained , i was told to spray some air freshener . i had to go visit family . when i got back my room key did not work . once again there i was complaining to the helpless employee . he told me the magnetic strip must of came in contact with a magnet . i could not believe the mentality of this guy . i had one more night reserved , i could not take it anymore and i went and spent the rest of my vacation at my aunts house . i would not recommend the talbott to anyone . 
i had the misfortune of being booked at the amalfi hotel in chicago a few weeks ago . what a joke . to start off , the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed . i don ' t know who made the bed up in my room , but it could have been done better by my N year old . ditto the bathroom . water spots , soap scum and ( ugh ) hair of all kinds in the sink , tub and about the floor . gross . i requested non-smoking , either they didn ' t listen or didn ' t care , but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray . the ' beautiful view ' was ruined by water spots - not outside ( which is forgiveable ) but inside ! and they were sticky . i stayed only one night . the holiday inn had rooms available , and they were clean . never again . 
had to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the palmer house . the service was wonderful , staff was very friendly towards dog owners , even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was . easy access to red line from midway . valets were prompt at retrieving car ( they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting ) . 
this hotel is amazing , i would recommend everyone to stay at least one night here if they had the chance . i stayed here on my first honeymoon and they had all the accommodations i expected plus more . i was floored by the friendliness of the staff and they definitely went the extra mile to make everything perfect without any hassle . the restaurants at the fairmont were amazing as well . when staying at this hotel , food and wine at their best are portrayed . if i had to make the choice to stay here again , the only thing that i would do differently is schedule the stay to be twice as long ( it was so relaxing ! ! ) . already booked another stay for next year i enjoyed it so much . 
we just arrived from a N nights stay at the sofitel chicago water tower . it was faboulous . fine linen , nice room with bigs windows , bathroom with a shower , flat tv . check for the deals on the sofitel website , we had N nights for the price of two ! 
what a wonderful experience , super great , helpful , friendly staff . angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great . our room was beautiful . angie suggested we go to sullivans for dinner . . perfect choice , make the reservation for us . ( best seat in the house and a special dessert ) wow . . . above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before . . looking forward to staying there again again . thanks again 
i stayed here with my family when we were in chicago on a family vacation . all i can say is wow ! a fantastic experience all around . first off , the hotel is magnificent , the lobby entreway is jaw dropping to say the least . everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks , to the cleaning staff , to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly . the rooms themselves are fantastic , perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation . the new serenity beds that the hilton offered were to die for ! one of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years ! the kids loved the ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and i loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours . as usual , it had wifi , which was ultra cheap and very very fast . over all i highly recommend the palmer house hilton ! 
when most people think hilton , they think luxury . i know i did . i only wish i ' d been half right . upon arriving , i was informed that the incompetent staff had lost my reservation entirely . not a very auspicious start , but they did find me another room . granted , the new room had an oh-so-scenic view of the broadside of an adjacent building . but , fine . i was willing to let this slide . i didn ' t want to be difficult . in the following days of my stay , it got a little harder to ignore all the minor problems that were making the hilton very undeserving of the term , luxury hotel . noisy neighbors . rude staff . if the state of my bathroom towels was anything to go by upon checkout , i doubt my sheets were changed even once . next time i ' ll ignore the hype and stay somewhere cheaper . the service couldn ' t possibly be worse . 
i made my reservation at the hilton chicago believing i was going to be staying in a classy hotel with many amenities . unfortunately , my stay at the hilton chicago went downhill from the moment i checked in . there was only one clerk at the front desk , and several guests already waiting ahead of me . once i finally got checked in and located my room , i discovered that neither of my room keys worked and had to make my way back to the front desk . finally i made it into my room . it appeared nice enough until i went to use the bathroom and found the toilet clogged . the manager moved me into a new room , so i can ' t complain too much , but still it was a hassle . finally settled , i was able to relax for the rest of my evening and was looking forward to sleeping in the next morning . that is -- until the front desk called me at N am with a wake up call i had not requested ! needless to say , my overall experience with this hotel left much to be desired and i will choose other accommodations for my next trip to chicago . 
stayed for N nights . booked via hotwire , upgraded to historic tower . got a big room , with a nice view . service was great . valet parking was efficient , but you expect it for N doller night . but the location was the best 
i stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the chicago bears fan convention ( feb N- march N ) . the hotel is beautiful . i had a towers room . i had a decent view of the city ( sears tower ) . the room was a little small but had two bathrooms ( N king bed ) . the tower room has it ' s own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast , evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day . the registration lounge is on the Nth floor and overlooks lake michigan . the hotel was full but service was excellent . the location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two ( especially toward the el train ) . we loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car . i will stay here again . hilton offered a sunday night free on their website with a N day stay . this made the cost reasonable ( for chicago ) . however , the pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired . the pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink . 
i want to issue a travel-warning to folks who might sign up for the weekend deal they offer through travelzoo from time to time the deal says ' free breakfast ' included in the price . however , what they don ' t tell you , is that the breakfast consists of a cup of coffee and a bisquit ( or two ) ! moreover , you need to ask for these ' tickets ' at the lobby when you check in - they won ' t give them to you automatically ! we stayed there over christmas ' N , and we , and i noticed several guests who bought the same package , had a rather unpleasant experience ! the hotel is nice though , if you don ' t consider their lousy service ! 
my stay at the talbott was a wonderful experience . the service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations , the gold coast location is close to michigan ave , the museums , and many of the other sites chicago has to offer . if you are visiting chicago , i highly recommend the talbott ! 
after searching for the perfect hotel for my chicago getaway i knew once i came across the hard rock hotel , that this was the hotel for me . after seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered , i booked my reservations right away . when i arrived at the hotel i was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept . i was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes . i was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants . i took the elevator up to my room , and when i opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the chicago skyline was impeccable . after relaxing i went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast , courteous service i received . after my cocktail hour , i decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven . i had one of the best nights of sleep i have had in a long time . i highly recommend the hard rock as i have stayed at many around the us and this is definitely on my top N list . hope you all enjoy it as much as i did , and i can ' t wait to return . ashley b . 
i stayed for four nights while attending a conference . the hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to michigan ave shopping or rush st . , but just off the busy streets . the room i had was spacious , and very well-appointed . the staff was friendly , and the fitness center , while not huge , was well-equipped and clean . i ' ve stayed at a number of hotels in chicago , and this one is my favorite . internet wasn ' t free , but at N for N hours is cheaper than most business hotels , and it worked very well . 
i recently had the displeasure of staying at the conrad chicago . although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites , my experience was anything but pleasent . first of all , they tell you that check in time is at Npm . well i arrived at the hotel at N Npm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready . after waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready , i decided to go settle in . the carpets in the room smelled old and musty . additionally , the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips , scratches , and dents in the furniture . although the bed was comfortable , i just couldn ' t get over the musty smell coming from the carpet . it was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and i did not have a very good nights sleep . all in all , my experience was not the worst i ' ve ever had , but far from anything worth writing home about . 
my husband , teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last august . we were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of chicago . when i complained i asked for us to be transferred to the sheraton which they arranged for us . i have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best . the room ( although i know it was not the largest ) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed . it also had superb views of the river and the lake . the entrance hall to the sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre . in fact all areas are fantastic . the best thing about the hotel though was the staff ! from the bellboy , to the receptionists , the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful . one of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son ! above and beyond the call i would say ! i cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough . the breakfast buffet cost about N dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did ! ! it lasted us all day . if you have the choice of where to stay i think you will enjoy the sheraton ! we did ! ! 
went there for business and the hard rock hotel on wacker drive was recommended . i was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived N hour before me . when she go there at Npm , the room wasn ' t ready , the phone didn ' t work , the shower didn ' t work . when i got there she was already very upset . i called the manager to complain , but was put on hold for N min . i could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn ' t any wall separating us . i asked for a wake up call , but nobody called me the next morning . when i called to complain the next day , the told me the phone system was down . ordered room service and got the wrong order . . . the building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath . . . i would not recommend it to anyone patrick 
this hotel was very poor with customer service . they were so worried about keeping everything up to date and perfect looking in the hotel they rarely worried about their customers , and their guests . i had to ask for my room to be serviced for cleaning , and it took a long time to get a response . very disappointed . 
i had never been to chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference . my company had arranged for me to stay at the omni chicago hotel located in the center of the magnificent mile . once i arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over , i was pleased but not impressed . once i put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation . i was told that my room was not ready yet and that there ' d be an hour delay . i tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if i could have another room . i was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled . i would have left , but my company had a account at this hotel . if i stayed somewhere else , i ' d have to pay out of pocket . the service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker . i picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled . the leg in front on the left side was broken . i picked up my luggage and moved to another chair . two hours passed by before i was given my room . when i walked into the room the first thing i smelled was cigarette smoke . i was mad because i explicitly asked for a ' non-smoking ' room . i was furious . i didn ' t feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and i was tried from my long flight . i sighed , tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room . i thought maybe i could use the air conditioning to freshen the room . when i went to turn it on , it didn ' t work . tired and angry , i went to sleep , thinking i ' ll never stay at this hotel again . 
i had high hopes for the ambassador east hotel , i really did . it seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access . i arrived to the hotel on a tuesday afternoon . i was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in . i could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck , doing nothing . as i walked in , nobody greeted me , and nobody offered to take my bags . the hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated , with a fine covering of dust . i went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys , all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer . i got to my room , and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking , there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway . having paid extra for an upgraded room , i was extremely disappointed by the condition inside . the drinking glasses were filthy , the towels smelled of mold , and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can . the television was a basic crt that looked to be about fifteen years old , and there was no channel guide , though i suppose i didn ' t need one for the six channels that it had . i had heard good things about the food at the ambassador east hotel , but alas , there was no respite here . the room service that i ordered took forty minutes to arrive , and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done . elsewhere in the hotel things were no better . everywhere i went , from the pool to the bar , the staff was hasty , rude , and completely uninterested , and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated . i really wanted to like the ambassador east hotel , but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out . 
this place is a dump . i booked on priceline , because the last time i booked a priceline hotel in chicago , i got the westin and loved it . despite having paid for priceline , i ate the money i had already spent and called for a reservation at the westin and went there for the weekend , instead . i didn ' t regret it for a second . you will be disappointed if you stay at the millenium knickerbocker because you are paying for a holiday inn at the price of a westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more . the location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive . there are enough hotels near the loop ( and near a train bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively ) that you should not spend the money on the millenium . do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location , but it ' s not worth it . really . 
i thought the swissotel was a great hotel . the rooms were very spacious and clean , especially for downtown chicago standards . most importantly , the rooms were quiet . i never heard people in the hallways when i was trying to sleep . the only downside was that the beds were not anything special . sure , like all hotels in chicago , this hotel caters to wealthy and or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price . however , if you are aware of that prior to arrival , its not a big deal ( ie finding a different place to park the car , bringing our own snacks for the room ) . it would be nice though if hotels such as the swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use . staff was very helpful . bellmen instantly got cabs upon request , and the front desk was efficient and helpful . overall , if i can get a good rate again , i ' ll stay at the swissotel the next time i am in chicago . 
the name ' hard rock ' might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here . the website alludes to musicians and parties but if you ' re looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the hard rock falls short . the hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this . the service is mediocre and the rooms aren ' t clean . i stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun , exciting romance . i should have picked somewhere else . save your money . 
the hyatt regency chicago basically caters to guests who want to feel like they ' re staying in a nice hotel as soon as they enter the lobby . in other words , come here for the looks , not the amenities . they make a big deal out of the fact that their bedsheets undergo a special de-germifying process . . . . you know , because a simple washing machine just isn ' t good enough . to me , this sort of thing appeals to folks who enjoy being picky and narcissistic because they identify these traits with being ' rich ' --which most of them are not . meanwhile , the hotel doesn ' t even offer free wireless--an essential feature for business travelers like me . obviously i ' m not the intended consumer , though , so i guess i shouldn ' t be surprised . 
i was looking for a fun , contemporary hotel and it didn ' t deliver . the lobby was nice , and the rooms were mostly clean , but it really wasn ' t special . service time was slow for room requests , i found empty water bottles under the chair , and the a 
didn ' t get the room we were promised . kind of room we had reserved ( N queens ) ' wasn ' t available . they then squeezed N adult ladies into N singles and a blow-up bed . had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in ! very unsatisfactory ! ! will not return , will not recommend . will tell people going to chicago to not stay in your hotel . when i next visit paris nextspring , i intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what i think of the chicago facility . 
i really wish i could say that i liked this hotel , but the whole experience was just plain awful . my first warning sign should have been when i made my reservation . the person i spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing . at first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel , and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel i was actually wanting , he booked me for the wrong dates . he read me the right dates , and it was only when i called back two days later to confirm that i found out he ' d given me the wrong dates . hilton did get it fixed , but i already had a bad feeling about my stay . then came actually staying at the hotel . the people at the check-in desk were downright rude . then there was the room . i was supposed to be in a non-smoking room , but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke . the hotel staff refused to believe me , but did let me change rooms to one that didn ' t smell of cigarettes . however , i might as well have stayed in the first room . i was short towels , and it took four calls ( over a period of N hours ) to the front desk to get some . the sheets had not been changed , made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them . yes , i was able to get fresh sheets , but like the towels , it took several hours for them to be delivered . since this is a pet friendly hotel , lucky me i got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs . the walls were so paper thin , all i could hear all night was barking . when i complained about it , the staff refused to believe me , and said that the walls of the room are so thick i shouldn ' t be able to hear anything from next door . yeah right . i was excited to use the pool , but just like my room , it hadn ' t been cleaned recently . then , i tried the fitness center . half the equipment was broken . i tried to cut my stay short , but of course this hotel wouldn ' t work with me at all . they even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness i had to deal with . i will never stay with hilton again , and i will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was . 
while the hard rock hotel in chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience , they fail to deliver . unless of course , a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door . if you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed . the ' a ' list celebrities will not be there . in fact , it would be rare to find anyone on the ' b ' list either . the party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert . the party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar . the walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played . as for the promise of art deco , it must have changed in definition . your room will truly look like a concert has just been held . the carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer . the bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description . quality service and amenities were severely lacking . guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain . do not bother complaining about the noise next door either . it is part of you unique experience . the only part of the hard rock hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in chicago . it was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip . 
my husband and i arrived at the swissotel chicago to celebrate our Nth wedding anniversary . we automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel ' s brochure intrigued us . boy were wee wrong ! upon arrival ( at the given and advertised check-in time ) our room was not ready . we waited for more than an hour , with our bags in hand . we checked more than twice to see if the room was ready , but the staff was less than ' warm ' both times . after a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels ' lobby , tired and finally arriving to our room , we expected to take a nap and hit the city . we reserved the premier corner king or so we thought . we were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline . yeah , right ! all we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building . in addition , the water in the shower had little pressure . we called the front desk , the phone rang for N times before someone answered . my husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling . we requested a better room , but they said that none was available . however , they did have an upgraded room , but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee . we could not believe it . my husband felt that we should not ' agitate ' them any further , for fear that they might make things even worse for us like turn off our air . we threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before . after returning about N hours later , the water pressure was fixed . the room was clean and the bed was plush , but the overall experience ( especially the rudeness of the staff ) was not good . let ' s just say that on our next Nth anniversary we won ' t stay at the swissotel and will tell others to not stay there . 
this place had character i ' ll give it that . but it wasn ' t really my style . arrived late in the evening . the first room they gave me the tv didn ' t work . maintenance took a look at it , and couldn ' t figure it out . told me i ' d have to wait until the morning for the electrician . he then passed some gas and left . real professional . i phoned the front desk on account of the tv , and was able to get another room the second room was much like the first . horrible striped wall paper , dingy , and old worn carpet . bathroom was incredibly small . hard to use the toliet without banging into the door , or the sink . very cramped . the beds weren ' t very comfortable either . room temp hard to regulate and the ac somewhat noisy . location seem very convenient . i was there for a training session about N blocks away . but all of the theatres seemed to be near by , if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two . and don ' t make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card . it was about N minute . i knew it would be expensive but wasn ' t expecting that type of rate . 
the hotel lost our reservations and then couldin ' t accommodate what we needed . they gave us a room much smaller than we needed and when we requested something diffrerent they were unable to fulfill our request . we opted to leave the hotel and after there mistake of losing our reservations , they still charged us an early check out fee . if it wasn ' t for the great location of the hotel , there would be nothing positive to say 
i actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price ! it was a lovely hotel , beautifully appointed , walking distance from the places we wanted to go . we would highly recommend the fairmont . 
i had wanted to stay in this hotel since i had heard about how historic it is and i was highly disappointed with my stay there . the room that i was given was dirty and when i went back to the front desk to inquire about it , they disregarded my concerns . it took them a very long time to get me a new room and they whole time they were very unprofessional and did not make me feel welcome . i did not stay in the hotel all night since the people in the rooms around mine were unruly and were making noises all night long . i left that night but not before demanding a refund . 
my husband and i recently chose the palmer house hilton for a rare couple ' s getaway from our usual life , and an escape it truly provided . there is something to be said for all the modern amenities combined with an aesthetic drawn from a grander and more luxurious time , let alone with ever-elusive accessibility for a wheelchair user ! a bonus was that we did not need to feel like we must lug half our usual household with us , because things like alarm clocks , hairdryers and ironing boards were already there , electronic media even available for rent . with a comfortable bed , control over how the room felt , no need to search elsewhere for coffee and excellent room service at our beck and call , we had to remind ourselves that we had planned to leave our room to take advantage of all the chicago culture in close proximity . too often a hotel is an overpriced way to get out of making your own bed in the morning , but the hilton was a true vacation . thank you . 
my family ' s seven day stay at the intercontinental chicago hotel was more than i could ever imagine . the intercontinental is more fantastic than any previous hotel i have visited , because of its wonderful amenities , such as the excellent N hour room service , access to personal trainers , and even a dry cleaning service , just to mention a few . my family really enjoyed dining on the contemporary american cuisine at the hotels zest restaurant , which served an excellent meal worth every dime of its reasonable price . my most favorite point about the intercontinental chicago is that it provides entry right into the windy city , where my family and i had immediate access to transportation , shopping , and city attractions . we had a great time traveling through chicago and enjoying ourselves while at the same time we felt secure knowing that we had a nice , clean , elegant , safe hotel to travel back to whenever we were done touring the city each day . the intercontinental is a must stay and i will recommend them to anyone who plans on visiting chicago . 
i checked in at the affinia hotel in chicago shortly after dinner on tuesday , i was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk . you can tell people were happy at the hotel . i was pleasantly surprised when i got to my room . the room was very well decorated and well thought out . the furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space . plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets the bedroom and washroom was very clean and i had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed . i was told by front desk i could choose from N different pillows , although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea . once in a while you come across hotels with great service , well thought out rooms in a perfect location ( right off magnificent mile ) . when visiting chicago again i will definitely try and stay at affinia again 
the affinia chicago is a wonderful place to stay , my husband and i stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time . the rooms were very well organized and comfortable , the staff there are very friendly , and the food there is more then amazing . we are defiantly going back next year . 
it has been a couple of years since i stayed here , and got it for a night last weekend on hotwire . i paid only N and stayed a saturday night . i was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel . the lobby has always been great , but the rooms were a little shabby in the past . not any more , as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years . the location is still amazing , and with the berghoff open again , there is a great restaurant within walking distance . 
problems started when i booked the intercontinental chicago online at the hotel ' s site , and got a server error . somehow i managed to get my reservation , and wish i had looked elsewhere on this great chicago street , filled with plenty of other options . the server errors continued at check in and didn ' t let up . i was on a holiday weekend , but far too many others must have been pushy conventioneers , and i had trouble getting served . the hotel is enormous and doesn ' t give a sense of comfort . the health facilities are also just too big , so noisy and crowded . and internet access was N a day , kind of surprising when i can go around the corner to a starbucks ! next time , i ' ll pick a more intimate place nearby--without so many ' server errors ' . 
stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful . the staff were relatively friendly , but that ' s where the positive aspects stop . bed was rock hard and very uncomfortable . thermostat didn ' t work properly and the air conditioner was always N degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted . even though i think N for N day of internet is ridiculous , i bought it because i needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails . it was ungodly slow and barely better than dialup . i ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so i could actually get something done . minibar was overpriced , as expected . awful experience , definitely wouldn ' t stay here again . 
i stayed in a deluxe king suite . no desk to work at or to sit at to eat room service meals . the only table was coffee table height and the couch was some strange futon that was lower than the coffee table ( ! ) and canted forward . incredibly uncomfortable to sit at and ridiculous for room service meals or to work at computer . since my room was configured like all the other deluxe king suites depicted in on line photos , i have to assume this design flaw with the couch futon runs throughout the property . bed was fine and bath was fine but i can ' t imagine why business travelers would rate this property well . the couch futon seating is the worst i ' ve encountered in a modern hotel . 
in my experience the ambassador hotel didn ' t seem to be a N N N star establishment . the building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated . the carpeting was very old and worn . the floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable . i would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel . currently , it ' s indespirate need of renovation . 
downtown chicago has a multitude of available hotels . however once youve decided to step away from the ordinary a fantastic way to get away from it all is by booking a stay at the homewood suites . the combination of luxury and affordability is evident as soon as youve entered the glamourous lobby . the downtown homewood suites is located near all the attractions which make chicago the diverse and culturally rich town that is world known . the hotel offers a free fitness center , high speed wireless internet as well as a complimentary buffet breakfast . being a member of the hilton family ensures the utmost in quality and service which has been observed by millions of customers around the world . 
my visit to the conrad chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none . the lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style . the rooms are beautifully adorned . i especially like the flat screen tv and wired internet . i ' m never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast , reliable internet connectivity , and it ' s included at no additional charge . the view from the room was magnificent . . . downtown chicago at night ! the restaurant is spectacular but the terrace is the place to be when weather permits . you cannot get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods . don ' t forget to visit the health and fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment . the staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need . just ask ! this is the place to stay in chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury ! 
this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago , and i ' ve been to this hotel at least N times . the rooms are clean , wonderfully designed and comfortable . the staff is friendly , service focused - and the restuarant is great , especially for the breakfast fruit crepes . love this hotel . it ' s a great location , very good and consistent service and quality . 
what i hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare . the first sign of trouble at the affinia was that they couldn ' t find my reservation . add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked . the internet service was so slow it was unusable . to top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible . finally , i discovered the valet parking , which was a N premium service , dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car . i highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit chicago . 
my husband , three year old son and i arrived at the palmer house hilton last friday for a weekend stay . the hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly . at the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us . one elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator . the hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room . the room was decent . not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good . we had a long day of sight seeing and play on saturday . as my son was tired , we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner . there was no children ' s menu for room service . only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen , what ? ? ? we ordered an adult meal . the food arrived an hour later , cold and unappealing . but we at it because we couldn ' t wait another hour . although the hotel looks lovely . the service was not very good . most of the staff was cold and snooty . except for the cleaning staff who were very nice . it might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children . a comfortable motel might be better . 
james chicago would be one of the worst hotels i have ever been to in my life ! even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic , its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible . they gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago ! i figured it was because the hotel was busy but i started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service . the television was not working at all . i was extremely disapointed , especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax . sadly , i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment . the wifi was a bust . absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall . i am never going to james hotel ever again ! 
we visited for my Nth birthday . we had never been to chicago so was not sure where to stay . found the deal on this hotel from travelzoo . great rate , staff was awesome , very helpful and nice , location was great . enjoyed our stay but still like nyc better . great , great hotel . would stay again . 
the millennium knickerbocker hotel has seen better days . i had fond memories of staying there when it was considered the finest hotel . i booked a room to celebrate a special occasion and found a highly-priced , not so great property . i had to look at five suites before i found one where the upholstered furniture was to my liking , some of the other rooms carpet was not clean , the refrigerator was dripping water , and the balcony was littered with cigarette butts . i finally settled for a room , only because the bellman was friendly and apologetic but as over priced as it was i should have turned around and walked out . i sent a letter to the management when i returned home , but it had been a month and i never received an answer . there are plenty of other places to spend your money . don ' t leave it at this hotel . 
this is an absolutely gorgeous hotel . we had an amazing view of the city , especially at night . our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds . there was a desk and chair , large bathroom , comfortable chair and reading lamp . there was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker , that included starbucks coffee . we would definitely come back again ! 
this is a great hotel ! from the doorman who greeted us as we arrived , to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine , everyone was very friendly and helpful . we were ' strangers but for a minute ! ' the room was extremely clean , well appointed and we had a pretty view of the chicago river , especially enjoyed from the large window seats . loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll ! hallways were large and quiet . the restaurant next door , south water kitchen is very nice too . the location is in walking distance of the theatres , parks , the river ( take a cruise ) , michigan ave . it ' s ideal . the only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful . for a self-sufficient traveler , you wouldn ' t really need their services ( although it is nice ) but for someone coming to chicago for the first time , a concierge can be very helpful . i would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it . 
located right in the heart of downtown chicago i visited this hotel on a business trip . the first things i noticed was how friendly the staff is , and how clean the rooms are ( even compared to other luxury hotels ) seeing as i had a night layover before my meeting i decided to stop by the terrace and get a drink , i got a mojito and i must say i was very impressed , i ' ve had my share of mojitos and it was one of the better ones , once i retired back to my room i found the sound system to be excellent , bed was soft and the tv didn ' t appear burned out at all . overall i give this a five out of five , the staff was helpful and friendly the whole time and the atmosphere was perfect , i wish i could have stayed longer . 
do not stay here ! ! my wife and i were visiting family in chicago and decided to stay at the james . we had stayed at the james in new york happily so we came in with good expectations . what a mistake . our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website . the bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled . there was also a musty odor to the room . when we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude . we ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay . 
my husband and i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel towers in february . everything about the hotel and experience was superb . the location was wonderful as well . our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards navy pier . the best part of the stay was the ' sweet sleeper ' bed . it was so comfortable . the staff was friendly and helpful as well . nothing bad to say about this sheraton ! i will stay here again ! 
the sheraton is a fantastic hotel . my wife and i stayed on the Nth floor overlooking the chicago river and lake michigan . the view was great . we got a corner room that also had a couch in . the hotel was just a short walk to the navy pier and the magnificant mile shopping area . food at the hotel was great . service from checking in to maid service was first class . great hotel , great town , highly recommend it . 
stayed here on business a few nights and really liked it . very attractive , classy and comfortable hotel that ' s got an element of sexy and sharp . public spaces are very nice , with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas . rooms are lovely as well , with handsome fixtures and furniture , a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed . bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well . best of all , the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake . if you ' re working in the area , it ' s the best choice for that part of town , and i prefer it to the nearby hyatt and monaco . 
going to the internet retailer N at the last minute and this was the only hotel left available with shuttle services . first of all , from reading other reviews , now i know i got ripped N a night when priceline folks are sniping these rooms for N ( albiet , i got free wifi ) . the hotel is nice but it can only get so nice for an oldie . . . no matter how much money you dump into it . shower head was really low ( i ' m N ' N ' ) , water pressure was low . it is in a decent part of town with a hype bar close by ( check out reviews on yelp ! ) for some off reason i ended up with two double beds ( they asked me a few times if i was traveling alone ) . if traveling here N - make sure you get a better deal than i did N - confirm your exact needs with reservation over the phone and in person N - don ' t have super high hopes my room was neither up to par as a business class ( although the Nnd floor is called the executive floor ) nor was it a good fit for the romantic couple . . . it wasnt even spacious enough for those last minute get awayers ( sp ? ) trying to save money . 
hyatt regency chicago seemed like a nice place to stay , but we didn ' t like it very much . the renovations were cheap and poorly done ( our bathroom faucet was leaky and the carpet had bumps in it . ) the staff was rude ! i was trying to find a good cab service , and the guy behind the front desk made me wait for N minutes while he was finishing a phone call ! couldn ' t he have at least called someone else to help me ? the ' babies travel lite ' gave us the wrong sized diapers , so we had to go find some anyway , and with the hotel being located in the heart of the city that meant we found some unsavory characters along the way . 
sofitel not-so-luxury hotels i recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower . i originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only N days i decided i had had my share of the water tower . simply put it offered no reasons to stay . the hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress , but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed . the first night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd , i think for the weekend . the next night the food was only mediocre and the third when i orderd room service i had to call twice . even if you don ' t care about the food i think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice . they put on quite a show , but that is all and when the show ended i was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found . 
the hotel monaco is a hotel that some say has ' character ' . i found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and ' contemporary furniture ' . i found the fact that you have to be a member of the kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least . because of their pet-friendly policy , our room smelled like a wet dog , and a canine ' guest ' down the hall kept us up all night with his howling . perhaps the dog would have howled less if the N-hour room service were faster . we waited an hour and a half for our order meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at N N pm until midnight ! all in all , we would not stay here again . the views and location are great , but for the money there are better places to stay in chicago . 
when we arrived the check in process was fairly quick , however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around . they seemed as if we were taking up their time . when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions , and after having to pay N a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow . the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain . overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it . 
we were disappointed with this hotel . the staff seems hurried and unhelpful . our room was not made up until after N pm despite several requests . the blower in the hallway blew freezing air , but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it . the lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit . the room and bed was comfortable , but the cream and and modern art work are not our style . the room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer . certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels i have stayed at in chicago . 
we stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday . triple aaa rate of N was a steal . Nth floor room complete with Nin plasma tv bose stereo , voss and evian water , and gorgeous bathroom ( no tub but was fine for us ) concierge was very helpful . you cannot beat this location . . . only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow ( Nhours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning ) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant . food was very good so it was worth the wait . i would return in a heartbeat . a gem in chicago . . . 
the hotel is almost always very helpful . this stay caused me to re-think if i like the palmer house . i had dirty covers for the bed . it was also the smallest room in the hotel i am sure . my husband and i usually come N times each year . he is there doing business and cta work . we are not pleased with the size of the room at all now . rooms have always had two chairs , desk , and usually N by N feet . not this room on the Nth floor . it was only N x N approx . the service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time . in the past we had a bell man steal a N . pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially . 
as i sit here in my Nth floor room at the hotel allegro , i listen to the conversation between husband and wife in the room on my left . she seems to have a cough today . in the room on my right , someone seems to use the restroom quite a bit . i hear the water running and the toilet flushing . i also hear footsteps in the room upstairs . even roadside motels have better insulation between the rooms . i ' ve stayed in about a dozen kimpton hotels and this is by far the worst . the room is dirty - the carpet covered in spots and stains , the curtains with a large brown stain ( i don ' t want to guess what it is ) , paint peeling , rips in the wallpaper . the decor is a bit garish , with pepto-bismol covered walls , green and yellow pillows and the filthy brown and white carpet . the size of the room is fine and the bed comfortable , but i ' m so glad i had earplugs to avoid listening to others ' toilets flushing all night . the location is good for downtown theaters or business . only three elevators serve this N storey building and they run very slowly . chicago has many nice hotel options -- many i ' ve enjoyed quite a bit . unfortunately this is not one of them , and even more unfortunate for me i ' m stuck here for two more nights . i was looking forward to staying here because most kimptons are hip , comfortable and attractive . this is not . 
amalfi hotel in chicago is one of the worst hotels i ' ve ever stayed at . i travel a lot for my job , and it just so happened that this was the hotel the company was paying for . four star hotel ? yeah right ! i wish i could give it negative stars i don ' t even know where to begin . normally with these reviews i try to outline the aspects that stood out , but it ' s just so overwhelmingly bad . anyhow , here it goes to begin with , the customer service stank . you think you ' ve seen rude service people before ? well , this is customer service stuff of nightmares . i had a reservation , but i still had to wait for N minutes ( yes , i counted ) for someone just to pay attention to me . when she did , finally , she was chewing gum . no visible uniform or name tag . clearly didn ' t want to be here . she took one glance at my reservation , didn ' t enter anything into the computer at all , and told me that they couldn ' t accept it , because the date had already passed . what ? the date for the reservation i had written down was that day . i was furious . after a N minute shouting match , and an equally incompetent manager that left me so angry i could scream , they finally , grudgingly accepted my name and reservation into the computer , so that i could book my room . then , there was the room itself . on first glance , it appeared clean , but a closer inspection revealed black mold on the bathroom ceiling , a sink tap that gushed rusty-looking brown water , a minibar which was picked at , the remnants looking like they had been there for several years , and a mattress with a mysteriously disgusting yellow stain on it . the pillowcases also looked yellowed , but i couldn ' t decide if i was beginning to see things , i was already so upset with the place . after an extremely sleepless night of paper walls and neighbors who were , apparently , elephants , i can easily say that i would never go back to that hotel again . ever . not if somebody payed me . 
we stayed N pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel . the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too . . . also nice view from the roof-bar . the area is pleasant nice and clean , minute walk to magnificant mile , easy to walk around to the lake . friendly stuff , very clean , great warm hotel to stay in . it does not have the ' big hotel ' factory-like feeling - more like home ) 
this hotel is rather stupid to be frank . it ' s a horrible attempt to be retro-sheek but ends up looking similar to that saturday night live skit where things are so sheek that they are not functional . the rooms are about the size of a shoe box and there isn ' t much in them . i actually like the pedestal in the bathroom but there is no sink . i had to put my make-up on using the toliet for N-days . it also took me N-minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower and the bathroom is more like a closet then anything . i had guests over one evening and everyone could hear everyone pee b c the bathroom doors aren ' t doors at all and there is no bathroom fan ! it was just over the top for me and lots of costruction nearby to keep you up at night . on a good note , the staff are really friendly and the place is really clean . that ' s about the only good thing i can say about this place . i would not go back . 
if you asked me two years ago , i would have recommended the talbott hotel without hesitation to anyone who asked . now , i have definitely changed my mind . while this hotel is located in a nice area of chicago , surrounded by great restaurants , shops and affluent people , it has really begun to slowly downgrade . as noted by my reviews , i am incredibly serious about customer service . if you ' re in the hospitality industry , there is really no excuse for falling short in this category--- but alas , the talbott really has . the door staff don ' t say a word , the desk people acknowledge you only when they are not doing a million other things ( which they always are ) and the staff have an air of snobbishness . inexcusable since we , the customers , are paying to stay at their over-priced hotel . perhaps the most annoying aspect of my latest stay was that i had to walk down N flights of stairs to get to the lobby of the hotel because i waited a solid N minutes for the elevator , which , when it arrived , was packed to the brim . i get that it ' s an old hotel , but it is incredibly annoying that they only have two elevators for the entire place and when one is down for construction , the other one overflows with people and i am forced to walk eleven flights to simply get to my dinner reservation on time ( which i didn ' t . ) i will not continue giving this hotel my business and have other better recommendations to give to friends who plan on visiting . 
we stayed here for a weekend trip to chicago and we will come back and stay here again . it was great place front desk clerks were very helpful . also we loved the view . very nice quiet place and upto date and super clean . we will def stay here again highly recommended . 
our stay at the ambassador east hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant . we enjoyed the location . we could easily walk to the red line or access the bus lines along michigan avenue . we felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on n . state street and dearborn . we walked to Nrd coast cafe , the chicago history museum , and second city from our hotel . our room was spacious and well-kept , and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening . we would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown . we definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place . 
i stayed three nights recently at the hilton homewood suites- downtown chicago . overall i can ' t rate this establishment highly . the person at the front desk was disorganized- and took over N minutes even to find my reservation . once i finally got my key , the desk person just thrust the keycard at me like she was happy to be rid of me . it didn ' t get any better when i got to my suite . the bed was poorly made , and i found a couple of long blonde hairs on one of the pillows . the room was very stuffy , and i swear might have even had a vague pet smell . my shower was not very clean- notable hard water stains on the shower door , and the bathroom sink had a small continuous drip . also , the carpets didn ' t seem fresh and even had high traffic dirt noticable . i also visited their small gym workout area and was disappointed there also . it had limited equipment that was in poor repair . the floor in there was even slippery , which made it a definite trip hazard . while the indoor pool looked good , as i dipped into it , the water felt a bit slimy and did not have a good smell . all in all , the amenities , the unfriendly service , and the sub-standard cleanliness makes this hotel one i would definitely not recommend to anyone . when that is paired with their sky high room rates , it ' s just not a place that should earn any repeat guests . 
great location in chicago downtown . the staff is professional and warm . the room is spacious and clean . nice complimentartry breakfast . i will definitely stay here again next time in chicago . 
i booked this hotel with great expectations . i had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in chicago . upon arriving to the hotel ( at the exact time i indicated in my reservation ) i was told i ' ve been ' downgraded ' to a lesser quality room . i travel very often and never had this before . moreover , i did not hear a single ' i ' m sorry ' , it was like usual business . what bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me ' i will decrease the rate for you ' ' what do you think , nice eh ? ' like he was doing me a favor ! ! ! ! they decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course ( which is the legal thing to do , since i am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money ) . they did not care that i wanted higher level room independent of value . i did not know what to say , since this never happened to me before , also with family present did not want to start arguing . the rooms were nice ( not as nice as i thought ) and location is good , however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this . that is enough for me not to go back again . 
we stayed in the ic chicago for N nights from Nth dec after reading the reviews on trip advisor . we werent disappointed . we had N rooms opposite each other in the historic tower . the rooms were spacious and very clean with good views towards the river and tribune building . we got a good rate on the rooms but did not have breakfast in the hotel as it was very expensive as was the wifi at N per day . as the hotel is on the magnificent mile there are plenty of place to eat including for breakfast . the starbucks in the lobby was a hit with the kids - very handy . i would definitely recommend the hotel . 
i have to agree that the intercontinental chicago is a nice hotel from the outside . but it is not a nice place to stay if you are planning to visit chicago . the ambience of the hotel looks bland and they also have the same amenities as other cheaper hotels . you can get an excellent dining experience somewhere for less . 
my family has dubbed the omni in chicago ' fawlty towers ' because there always seems to be something wrong . this time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long . it smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing . the bedroom window was bolted shut , so we couldn ' t get any fresh air into the room . with the amount that the omni is charging for a room , they should have a much better ventilation system . 
i had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance , yet was given a room facing the street from which i could hear traffic noise . i asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day . the next morning , prior to being moved to a quiet room , the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood . about an hour later i was moved to a room which did not face the street . the room was quiet but smaller and darker . the mattresses in each room were very firm , i would even say hard . i asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same . at checkout i tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under , and this process was still not done correctly after N minutes , which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside , with other passengers . ( the cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later . ) as recompense for the noise , flood , etc . , the hotel offered exactly nothing . not a great stay . 
spent a wonderful night at the amalfi with friends . the evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive . breakfast was a plus , rooms were cozy and very clean . would not hesitate to go back again . 
this hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed , nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities . the ' fitness center ' is an oversized closet ! we were appalled during our stay ! truly anticipated ' warm , irish hospitality ' and short of a barman , no one was irish , warm or hospitable ! manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request . her manager ( ? ) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us . room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at N Nam it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate . to call this a red roof inn would be an insult to rri ! the manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all . the only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off . 
don ' t stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation . about N months ago , we booked a room here for our wedding night ( which is in less than N weeks ) . my fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades , no discounts . apparently it is my problem that their manager can ' t manage the convention schedule . i don ' t even want to stay at another kimpton hotel because i don ' t find their reservation system reliable . unfortunately , due to the conference , there isn ' t any other place to stay . 
i have heard friends talking about the hotel monaco in chicago and did have my doubts at first . however when i arrived there was amazed at the location ! it is near so many shopping places , museums , theatre , and many others places . was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long , however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire N day stay . fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day ! the staff at the place is amazing i even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people . one day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best i have ever had at a hotel . all and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room , good service , and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby , will be heading back to this hotel many times . 
for a hotel rated with four diamonds by aaa , one would think the hilton chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty . the only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare . i should have known from the moment i walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth . first off , as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who couldn ' t be any older than nineteen or twenty , red flags started going up . the clerk was extremely rude and lazy , acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone . if that wasn ' t bad enough , the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife ' s breasts . she wasn ' t even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat . after diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys . it shouldn ' t have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break . okay , that was annoying , but we managed easy enough . we finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip . to our surprise , not to mention our disgust and horror , their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out . it took almost a half hour between the couple in the room , the front desk , and my wife and me to get it straightened out . apparently the night clerk didn ' t bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk . after what could only be described as chaos , we were finally given another room on the next floor up . we were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while i dropped our luggage by the beds . hearing a clinking sound i bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed . i was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when i heard my wife cry out . there on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and i noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there . there , in the sink and in very plain sight , was a used condom ! so far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back . by then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room , free of charge to make up for our troubles . the room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around . despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had , we decided to make due . so while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip i pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access . i shouldn ' t have even bothered as i ' ve used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds i was getting . with a quick call to the desk i was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment . so instead of worrying about it , we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area . yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife ' s chest or forgot half of our order . after arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything , we found that our found was not only bland , it was cold ! we didn ' t even bother trying anything else , that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel . i don ' t know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who couldn ' t clean a room , but i know that that hotel didn ' t deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative . that place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel . 
while it was a nice hotel , but i am rather frustrated with them ! during our stay our room was cleaned twice by housekeeping . the first day was fine . second day my diamond earrings came up missing . noticed they were missing while in the packing up and checking out process . my biggest mistake was not staying there and dealing with this further . but we had a family reunion and funeral to get to . while the front desk was great and said they would handle it , i believe they say these things just to get you to go on about your way ! we filed a police report and the gm of the hotel is supposed to be working on it . we have called several times but receive no answers . they keep telling us the cleaning staff have been there N years . . . . . that dosen ' t matter to me ! if they are not held accountable what ' s to stop them from taking anything . there is a dishwasher in the room , and they found my daughters ring ( which was in the same glass with my diamond earrings ) in the dishwasher . they say i put the cup in the dishwasher . first , i am on vacation , trust me i ' m not doing dishes ! second , why would i wash one glass and leave the other dirty dishes in the room ? so , while it is a nice hotel . . . . lock up your things of value ! they may come up ' missing ' and you ' ll be left frustrated ! ! 
luxury and comfort combine to give a wonderful sense of relaxation for guests at the omni chicago hotel . their rooms are some of the cleanest and most well-furnished i have ever seen at a four-diamond hotel , and the N lounge , which has accommodating late hours , was perfect for me to relax after a day of work . the workout room is absolutely huge , and each treadmill has its own tv to watch while working out - fantastic ! overall , my experience at the omni was amazing . i ' ll definitely be coming back the next time i ' m in chicago ! 
we just returned from our first trip to chicago and stayed at the omni . i read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on . the location , staff , rooms , amenities , etc were all wonderful . huge thank you to ta members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program . we did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks . i loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the chicago tribune newspaper . we were in room N which was perfect . corner suite with two out of the N sides of the rooms being windows with a great view . the room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma tv . the bathroom amenities were wonderful . i loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided . the turn down service was great as well . we would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us . we ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious . the blueberry muffins were the best i have ever had . everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly . the staff at the omni is so accomodating . everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is . have to thank the concierge melissa and curtis . they were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do . i also used the gym during my stay and it was great . all the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd tv attached . and the gym itself had two plasmas . they also had cold lemon water for you after your workout . i am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning . it really was a fantastic stay at the omni and we would never stay anywhere else . i also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there . everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed . thank you trip advisor for another great trip suggestion ! 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers was an awesome place to stay . nothing bad about it . it was a great value . the beds were comfortable , the rooms were nice and open , and the pool was great . food was great ! my family and i loved staying here ! would recommend to everyone i know . 
i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago while in town for business , and enjoyed my stay very much . i stayed in a room with a king bed , which was very comfortable . the room had all the things i needed for my stay , which was nice . the only thing is i think there was a party on my floor , but they quieted down quickly enough . my room even had an internet connection ! i also had dinner one night at the china grill , and it was an amazing meal ! overall , i had a great stay , and will return next time i am in chicago . 
the omni chicago hotel is a very high quality hotel . this hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax . it has everything you could possibly want to relax , workout , and feel luxurious . a must stay at hotel , i give it five stars . 
we stayed at the ae for two nights for a three generation ' girls weekend ' ( grandma , mom and daughter ) . i looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us . then i called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named reece . rates were a bit high for the saturday night portion of our stay but when i requested the american girl package , he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate . the american girl package was perfect for us . my N year old daughter was thrilled . they give you a doll bed , a backpack and a travel kit to keep . they have matching bathrobes for girl and doll ( you don ' t get to keep those ) . she also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu . our room , N , was large and clean . it had two double beds with nice linens , two chairs , a desk and a clean bathroom . the employees are all very friendly and helpful . we had a drink in the pump room but did not eat there . we ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the Nrd coast . this hotel is north of michigan ave . but it is just a short , pleasant walk to the mag . mile . i would definately stay here again in chicago . 
the downtown chicago hilton was the best combination of all the things we were looking for in a hotel- perfect location for both those of us who like shopping and those of us who prefer tourist attractions . staying with a hilton means the essentials are never a concern- as always , the room was clean and impeccably neat , the staff friendly and very capable . the wireless access and big flat screen tv were an added plus too ! best of all , it is a pet-friendly hotel , something that is unusual in bigger city N-diamond hotels . thanks , chicago hilton , for a great stay ! 
we stayed at the fairmont two saturday ' s in a row , and both stays were disappointing . we had to call the hotel prior to each stay and both times it took the hotel N-N minutes to answer their phone . for the price , we expected nicer decor ( it looked cheaply done ) more comfortable beds-the mattresses were too soft and the sheets too hard-pillows weren ' t comfortable either a more accomodating front desk staff . our friends who were also there on the same dates will undoubtably add similar comments . 
my wife and i live in the western suburbs of chicago . for our anniversary , we booked a night at the fairmont based on recommendations from friends . while the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city , the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations . for starters , we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive . however , the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us . while the room was certainly adequate , the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included . while the latter may seem like a minor offense , it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality . finally , the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for chicago ' s standards . in summary , the fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price , i am sure we could of done better . 
me and my husband stayed in the allegro hotel chicago for N days N nights recently . we got a room with a king size bed . . although the room is small , we got no problems with that as there was enough space for our luggages all . however , we felt that the bed is not exactly comfortable , the bed sheets kinda feel rough to us . the walls are really thin and we could hear our neighbours talking and occasionally the flushing sound . N of the days , our room was not cleaned till afternoon and so we went to check with the front desk and was told that we got to request for our room to be cleaned which was a shock to us as we thought that like all hotels , rooms are cleaned except when you put on the no disturb sign . the worst is upon returning to the hotel at night , we found a bag of our garbage in the room and it was right next to our luggage . the housekeeping people must have forgotten to take it out after cleaning our bins . this is unacceptable to us . the hotel is in the theatre district and it is rather quiet at night . although it is near the cta trains , i would rec one to stay somewhere close to the magnificent mile where its lively at night or hotels near the chicago river so that you can get a great view . am staying again at a kimpton hotel in san fran next month and i am contemplating if i should change ! overall , not a good experience and i wouldnt choose this hotel again if i were to head to chicago again ! 
i was scheduled to stay at the hard rock in june , but had to cancel . i had booked the hotel back in january . when i called six days before my arrival date to cancel , i was told that i would be charged for my stay because i did not cancel seven days in advance . i told the customer service rep that i had never heard of such a practice , but she said , in a very smug manner , that i was told back in january . i honestly don ' t remember being told of the cancellation policy , but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel . i , for one , will never stay at a hard rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice . 
the rates at the talbott hotel were cheaper than i had expected , and that was my reason for booking a room . i had been prepared for service and a room similar to what i had experienced in the past , and i was quite pleased when i did stay . the room was neat and clean , and the halls were quiet at night . the traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either . i did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely , which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy , especially at night . overall i had no problems with the talbott hotel and i would stay at this here again if i were in the area a second time . 
i received the type of room that i had reserved . cleanliness seems to be an issue with the maid staff . the carpet had debris and the bathroom needed attention . room service was adequate but not great . the walls seem to be paper then as i heard one neighbor ' s tv for most of the night and the other neighbor ' s late enjoyment . 
be prepared the hotel is old . it is on the historic list . the is updating to be done no doubt . . so just be forewarned . it is clean and the staff is phenomenal . having said that , you can not beat the location . right in the heart of the gold coast . take a train from o ' hare right into the city . it drops you off only N blocks from the hotel . one block from the beach and public transportation is right there . incredible area to explore . i highly recommend the ambassador east 
this was a great place to be ! great views of river and lake , walk to everything , a clean and comfortable room , and very accommodating staff . we arrived early and were checked in by N N am and checked out late , effectively adding two days to our vacation . it is a large hotel but the staff works hard and takes good care of the customers . 
my son i joined my husband on a work trip . we planned to swim while he was working . we overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in . though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at N pm . we gave up went out for the evening . we had a very noisy sleepless night . we weren ' t facing mi ave , but still heard sirens and i ' m not sure what the other noise was , but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about Nx an hour throughout the entire night . i called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open , so my ( very excited ) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction . upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew ' s actions on my insistence she said she ' d look into it . a gentleman called back an hour later said the pool should open at Npm . . . it was Nam . it is now Npm we still haven ' t even seen the pool . we check out tomorrow . we passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to ' swim in chicago . ' needless to say we are very disappointed . 
my family booked five nitghts at the omni chicago for our upcoming spring break . we took advantage of a pre-paid , non-cancellable offer . we subsequently received a ' bed breakfast ' offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation ( same dates , different offer ) . we called the N ' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant , we simply hung up . we had been looking forward to our vacation , but now i am not sure i made the right choice with this hotel . i should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the ritz , the four seasons , and the peninsula would have never treated us this way . i will post again after our stay on april Nth . 
my wife and i recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids . upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor , the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff . as a seasoned traveler for business i consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations . this hotel certainly delivers on both accounts . my wife and i had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant , but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try . wow ! service was outstanding and the food was amazing . we truly enjoyed our dining experience . all in all i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone i meet . 
my wife and i stayed at the ambassador east hotel for the first N days of our honeymoon in mid-october . we decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of chicago in a week . i ' ll start out by saying that this was a great experience . at check-in , i indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite . the ambassador east is probably a N to N minute walk from the north end of the magnificent mile . it is also just a N or N minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on rush . our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed . our suite ( on the Nrd floor ) had two very large closets , a large ' living room ' and a large bedroom . the bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough . if i would have payed full price for this suite , i probably would have given it a rating of N , but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and i had such a great time here , i decided to give it a five . it is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful . my wife and i decided to eat at the pump room restaurant , but we were not very impressed . we found the food and service mediocre . the atmosphere was probably pretty neat when sinatra used to eat there back in the day , but not anymore . although we were unimpressed by the pump room , the staff were kind enough to seat us in the ' sinatra booth ' which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains . that neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here . the ambassador east is an older hotel , but it is in a charming older neighborhood . the staff ' s kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me . when we are in chicago again , we will definitely consider staying at the ambassador east again . 
complete disappointment . problems N . the alarm clock stereo thing was broken in my room . it was constantly emitting low , changing hissing noises . sooo annoying . and there was no off switch on the damn thing . i had to move the bed to unplug it ( the outlet was wayyy back , buried behind the big bed ) . i kept hearing it , and didn ' t realize what it was , until it had kept me awake for a few hours . N . the shower was only incredibly hot . turn it all the way cold . . . very hot . turn it to hot , and you get boiling hot . grrrrreat . so how do i get water that won ' t scald me ? this is very inconvenient early in the morning when you need a shower and are in a hurry , and have to dance into and out of painfully hot water . good job omni ! N . hallway carpets are disgusting and old . walking around , you ' d think you ' re in a motel N . and my floor had been flooded or something , and they had box fans running in the hallway , N N , to try to dry it out . talk about an overpriced dump . 
i visited the hotel allegro chicago while i was on vacation with my daughter . i booked the room and was very excited because the website alludes to a very lavish interior with amenities far superior to the surrounding hotels . i was particularly excited there was a fitness center because i work out on a regular basis and i would not have to give that up on my vacation . let me start by saying the staff was very rude and i was very dissappointed they could not respect that i was very tired after traveling a very long way . i booked the hotel stay for over a week , which was very expensive , and that seemed to not matter to them at all , despite that fact that i was travelling with a small child as well ! they did nothing to accommodate me , and the woman at the front desk even refused rudely to take my calls or answer any questions about nearby restaraunts insisting that even though she worked there she ' didn ' t know the area ' to tope it all off , the fitness center was under construction so i never got to use it . worst hotel experience of my life , i will never go back . - sandy d . 
our stay at the sofitel was definitely below our expectations . the staff was less than nice to me after i waited several minutes until i was noticed . at first , my reservation could not be found , so i was provided a spare room . the hotel was fairly neat . however , once we got to the room , and onto the bed , we found the bed to be noisy . just sitting on it made a squeaking noise that was unpleasant . we immediately called down to the front desk and informed them of our concern . we were told to go back downstairs to settle things out . once we got downstairs , we were provided with another room number . however , we had to wait half an hour for another room to be cleaned and prepared . for such a well reviewed hotel , i was highly disappointed with the amount of time i had to spend to get settled into a room . 
i had to go down to chicago one weekend for the graduation ceremony of my cousin . it was a sudden trip and i didn ' t even have the time to book a hotel before hand . when i showed up in chicago and asked my taxi driver to take me to the nearest good hotel , he took me to omni chicago hotel . i was impressed with how clean it was and they didn ' t have a problem with getting me a room even though i didn ' t have a reservation . the staff was friendly to me the entire time i was in the hotel , which was just a short two nights , and the cleaning service was top notch . 
after a one night stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago i must say that while i loved chicago i will never go back to this hotel . the problems started in the parking lot , yup before i even got in . there was very little parking available and the area was filled with garbage , broken glass and kids hanging out looking for trouble . upon first entrance the hotel seemed nice but all that changed as we got into the elevator to go up to the room . the elevator made all kinds of noise and the door slammed shut on my arm as i was trying to get the bags out . the hall smelled of smoke and the carpets were warn and dirty looking . when in the room we found that one of the curtains would not pull closed , the heater whistled and when i called the front desk to ask for assistance and fresh pillows i was hung up on . this was only the beginning of our terrible stay . guests where in the hall and banging on walls all night long . the maids started running vacuums before N am and seemed to feel that the best way to do it was by hitting the vacuum on the wall with each pass . we could not check out soon enough ! we called around and found another hotel to stay in for the remainder of our trip . 
my wife and i redeemed some of my hilton reward points to stay a few nights at the palmer house . the hotel is absolutely beautiful . from the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice . as we were diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge ( free food drinks ) . the service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of chicago . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to chicago . 
i wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the sofitel chicago water tower . my husband and i had planned a trip to chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary . we had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from california so they could have time with their grandchildren . my husband and i had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to iraq the week after we got married . everyone was so excited ! mark and i had reservations for one of the junior suites . we hadn ' t gone to chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered . unfortunately , when we got to our room , the view was disappointing . we had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one , but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there . i am asthmatic and became very ill . we asked to be moved to another room , but were told there were no other rooms ( even downgrades ) available . nothing was done to try to make up for this . because of my health , my husband and i checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend . this is not how i had imagined spending such a special time . now , when i think of my Nth anniversary , i will always have this memory to tarnish it . 
i disliked the sofitel so much we changed our week stay to the grand hyatt after the first night . we checked into our suite and was blasted by the smell of body odor immediately . we were tired from our flight , but went downstairs to change rooms . the second suite smelled just as bad , but stayed anyway . i disliked the hotel lobby , the staff , the decorating , and especially the bed . horrible . soft , flimsy mattress . we come to chicago frequently . we have always stayed at the grand hyatt and never been disappointed . we just thought we ' d try some place new . never again . back to the hyatt or four season we go ! 
this fantastic hotel has it all luxury , an excellent location and a fun atmosphere . the rooms are spacious and well decorated , and the staff is always helpful and courteous . whether you ' re traveling for business or fun , i highly recommend the hard rock hotel in chicago . i stayed there with my wife recently , we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun . the hard rock certainly delivered what we were looking for . the hotel is in a central location , within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city , however , there ' s superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for , so there ' s barely a need to leave to hotel ! ( well , we did leave the hotel to see the sights , but you know what i mean ) . my wife and i particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities , including a relaxing massage . this hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way , and we ' ll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the windy city . 
my daughter and i were in chicago for one night after having attended a three-day conference elsewhere in illinois . we were only in chicago on our way home . we didn ' t know where to stay in chicago , but booked one night at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers based on their ad in the chicago visitors guide . we ' re glad we did ! we enjoyed our stay very much . our room was very comfortable and well appointed and had a wonderful view of the city . that ' s what we wanted--a great view , and we got it . also , the hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and is accessible from the bus stop ( we took the train and bus from the airport into the city and it wasn ' t bad--saved us a lot of money ) . the elevators to our room were fast and quick and there was one always available . we found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating . the only downside for us is that we had only booked one night in chicago . we wish we could have stayed there at the sheraton for at least another night . we would definitely stay there again . 
i had such a horrible experience when i stayed at omni chicago hotel last saturday night . first of all , the plasma tv in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available , and they weren ' t particularly apologetic about it , either . secondly , it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel , but as an ex-smoker , i can tell that people had smoked in the room recently . additionally , the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels , which was really disappointing , because i was looking forward to using the pool . finally , check-out was supposed to be at noon . at N N am , the maid was knocking at the door . she asked if i would be out soon , and i thought was very quite intrusive . i will never , ever stay at that place again . 
i expected a bit more from the hyatt regency chicago i stayed at recently . i was appalled of the conditions of the room we stayed in . the linens were not clean , the toilet paper roll was nearly empty with no spare left , and there was a lock on the door that didn ' t function . the turndown service left me no chocolate on my pillow and i think they took a few more pieces of the already nearly empty toilet paper , again with out leaving a spare . i would not stay there again . traveler beware ! ! 
my husband and i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel chicago and we can ' t wait to go back ! the hotel is located in downtown chicago and seems to be at the heart of the city , we were close to everything . the hard rock hotel is forty stories high and the view from our room was simply breathtaking . the room itself was spotless and featured modern luxurious decor and furnishings . the bed was heavenly . the hotel staff was friendly , upbeat and extremely helpful , we asked for directions and restaurant recommendations and they were spot on with both . i highly recommend the hard rock hotel in chicago and i would stay there again in a heartbeat . 
superhigh bill at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago my wife and i decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary . i told my wife that i would take care of everything . i booked the millennium knickerbocker because it had a great location , it was reasonably priced for a N star hotel and had spa features . the hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine . the problems for us started when we went to our room . i have sinus problems , so i didn ' t notice the smell in our room , and my wife didn ' t say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend . we couldn ' t find the remote for our television and we didn ' t call down , we were trying to be good sports . we were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel didn ' t have a pool or hot tub , swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation . upon checking out i was hit was N dollar fee for smoking in our room . my wife and i don ' t smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee . if that wasn ' t bad enough we were hit with a N fee for the missing remote control . 
recently returned from a two-night stay at ambassador east hotel . was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in chicago . mission was accomplished . if you would like a quiet , comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it . while some of the furnishings show some signs of their age , it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling . found staff to be friendly and helpful . we will be return guests many times in the future for sure . 
staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute , budget valentines weekend trip for my husband and me . we got a great rate -- N -- on priceline . close to the subway ( red line ) and we got from o ' hare to the hotel in less than an hour for N . N for both of us . we were able to check in more than N hours early . room was great -- very clean , good closet space and fantastic bedding . had one expensive drink at the irish bar , but the bartender ' s advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price . concierge was helpful , too . overall , service was terrific , room was great and staying there was a treat . i would stay there again any time , especially at that price . 
for our anniversary this year , my wife and i stayed at the conrad . we ' re from the suburbs , so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us . it ' s expensive , so we expect the best for our money . this was most definitely not the best for our money . it wasn ' t even a good deal either . the problems began right off the bat . when we got to our room , we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room . it was like walking into a dusty attic . when i sat down to watch tv , it turns out it wasn ' t even connected to cable or anything . i kept changing the channel , but it was nothing but static and white noise . i even looked for another remote . after we left our things , we went out for a night in chicago , but coming back , the smell seemed to have gotten worse . i finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms . they moved us to a different room , but they had no explanation for the smell . for a single stay , that was more trouble than it was worth . 
stayed at the monaco on my way skiing at easter loved it . staff were helpful friendly , room was huge with fantastic view of the river . central location , N min walk to the el . adjoining restaurant bar , great food service . i have stayed in more expensive , supposedly better , hotels in chicago , but this is the best . thanks monaco , i ' ll be back . 
my husband and i were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website , when called to confirm had us down for only N night instead of N , easily changed . first morning cold , cold shower , didn ' t complain , next day fine . phone did not work , called every day to complain , and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room , never was . no dial tone , unable to call restaurant , or call for car or call for room service . finally , on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it . the hotel is beautiful , rooms great and everyone was so nice , even when i was complaining they were nice . great gym area also , and love the restaurant . but , for the money i could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone . 
i was completely blown away by this hotel . it was magnificent . i got a great deal and i am so happy that i stayed here . before arriving i was nervous as i had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay , for example very noisy . however , whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant , it made no difference to me . my room was huge , bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure , bed was perfect and the view was amazing . hotel is so close to the great shops of magnificent mile , plus a comfortable walking distance to hancock tower and millennium park . 
i stayed here in the last weekend of september N for the bears vs packers monday night game . my room rocked ! i had a pretty big flat screen , and a super soft bed . the room was clean and stylish , and the staff was very courteous from check-in to check-out . my favorite part was the amazing bathroom - way better than mine at home . i definitely had a great escape that weekend and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to relax . 
 ' barely average hotel at premium price ' this hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby . i have stayed in the conrad in dublin , ireland and in hongkong both of which i loved . i was looking forward to staying at this hotel . i was extremely disappointed . i am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the conrad name . pros elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers location located in the heart of chicago disappointments - stained and worn out carpet in hallway - room was small - phone and lightbulb in room were broken - breakfast was N for two people , service was slow and impolite - hotel rationed soaps and shampoo , one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days , i felt like i was staying at a budget hotel . and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct . i would not stay at this hotel again , it just is not worth the premium price they charge . 
has gone downhill so much we almost checked out . we stayed in the dean martin celebrity suite for N nights while entertaining customers in chicago . we ' ve stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the four seasons or the peninsula , it has always been a comfortable and clean , service oriented hotel . not only has room service been eliminated ( if you want room service it comes from marios italian restaurant down the street , so is only italian ) , complimentary morning coffee is no longer available , mini bars have been removed from the rooms , etc . etc . the only restaurant , the pump room was closed for a private function on saturday night , the bar also , so we weren ' t even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests . surely the function was planned before we made our reservations , but we weren ' t told of it . we also learned that the bell staff ( who have been there for N and N years ) is being eliminated . so , in other words , anyting to do with ' service ' is gone from this hotel . i hear they are going to begin renovations in december , but that is no excuse to let an old glory ' go to pot ' in the meantime . we won ' t be staying here when we go back in july or for thanksgiving . we even had to pay for internet . mind you , our bill for N nights was N . N , no room service , no restaurant bar charges . highway robbery for what you get ow at the ambassador east . sad . 
my friend and i stayed for just one night , and loved the hotel . it had an awesome water feature in the hotel , and great large bar . like all hyatts it had a very comfortable bed , lot ' s of pillows , and large bathroom . 
we didn ' t stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room . saying that , we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking . hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won ' t have a car . not a family frienly hotel . dining tip long walk from hotel gino ' s pizza is a must have ! ! worth the walk . many things in between hotel and gino ' s to do so you can break up the walk . 
upon first entering the hotel , we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen i have ever encountered . through our N week stay , they told us to ' have a nice day ' as we left in the am and welcomed us back upon our return . breakfast is served in the am , and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen . it was a very enjoyable stay . 
when we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light didn ' t come on when we flipped the switch upon entering . the room was not very clean at all . dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it , on the window sill and stains on the carpet . we had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night . the mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night . the jacuzzi was out of order also . when asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available . 
home away from home ! the suites are amazing with great views of the city . the food is delious and served by an excellent staff . i loved the heated pool on the top floor , very relaxing after a long day of meetings . great place to stay when your in chicago ! 
after some deliberation i booked the sofitel water tower place for a N night stop-over in june . this was my first visit to chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time . we loved our rooms , which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed . the decor is modern and personally i liked it a lot . the rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable . the hotel location is just perfect , close to the shops on michagan avenue , and the beach at oak street . lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in rush street is just steps away . the area although bustling was peaceful and quiet . we could walk to most places and i would not hesitate to stay here again . the hotel staff very helpful , always smiling and ready to help from the doormen to the helpful lady at conceriage . i would not hesitate at all to stay at sofitel water tower place next time i ' m in chicago in fact i look forward to my next visit . 
we went to chicago to see an exhibit at the art institute and selected the fairmont because it was so close . although the lobby is still being renovated , our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive . the room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate . the only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished . the maid does not do that , and by bedtime on the first night , we still didn ' t have coffee . we called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply . the restaurant is a little underwhelming , but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks , we probably wouldn ' t have eaten there any more than we did . after having stayed in close to a dozen different chicago hotels , this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return . 
i ' ve used priceline for every trip i ' ve made back to chicago and i ' ve been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown . this was my first and last stay at the ambassador east . its conveniently located near the clark division stop on the el ' s red line . that is the best part of our experience . when we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens . i ' ve never had that issue at any other hotel i ' ve stayed at . the room ' s decor was outdated and the tv was tiny . the hotel charges for usage of internet . you could hear people in the hallway and when you ' re in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms . we weren ' t in chicago to stay in the hotel however , for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn ' t the place . . . . read more 
for the price , you would think this would be a top quality hotel , but it was nowhere close . service at check-in was slow and unfriendly . the room was even worse . it was small , dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though i had requested a non-smoking room . the cover on the bed was stained , there was hair all over the bathroom floor , and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall . everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel . i also didn ' t appreciate having to pay for wifi , when other premium hotels offer it for free . overall , this was one of the worst hotels i have stayed at in a long time , and considering the price , it was terrible . 
stayed for a week last month . can ' t beat the location - close to the magnificent mile , attractions , tours , great restaurants night life . have spent a lot of nights in other homewood suites hotels and other suite hotels . thought the room was ok , not great . overpriced in my opinion . found staff to be uninterested and not very helpful . had to wait in the lobby on the Nth floor for room to be ready and the front desk staff could care less . watched during the week as other guests were made to wait as well . breakfast was the same stuff day after day . as the week went on , they actually started to run out of the more popular food items and these were not replenished ( weekly delivery i guess ) . also , the room was was so busy that the staff made people wait for a table and treated you as you were waiting for a N star restaurant . travel for work ( sales ) and frequently stay in hotels . travel with family every year and also stay in hotels . this is roughing it for me . . . not a camper . would come to chicago again , but would not stay here . there are too many other options worth investigating . 
i ' ve never written a review before , but i just had to share my experience with chicago ' s intercontinental hotel . i booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife ' s birthday . we ' ve never stayed at a luxury hotel before and i thought this would be a great experience for us . the horrors started when we first got to the counter . the clerk mixed up our rooms and when i pointed this out he got really snooty with me . we get to our room and the maid hadn ' t cleaned it yet ! we had to wait around for that , so we went to the hotel ' s restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced . finally our room is finished and the the ' view ' we were promised was non-existent . to top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning . the toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain . a stain ! on the sheets . what a waste of money . i pointed this out the concierge and we weren ' t even offered a refund or discount . never again . 
extremely disappointed in our stay . this hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online . i booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be , only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for . the room smelled musty and not clean . garbage was not changed from prior person . found small ants in bathroom near shower . called to complain and someone came up N hours later and used bug spray . overall this hotel is in a great location , but we would never visit again . staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel . it was meticulously clean , very orderly , but still perfectly warm and comforting . the rooms are very big and spacious , and the beds are so soft , it ' s like heaven ! i didn ' t test out the room service , but i ' m sure it would be just like everything else . . . perfect ! the hotel staff are just so nice . there was a spectacular view from my room , and looking out over the city at night is so magical . there are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel , and i especially recommend shula ' s steak house . overall , i had a fantastic stay at the sheraton hotel , and i would definitely stay there again ! 
excellent hotel in the heart of chicago . the room we stayed in had a great view of lake michigan . we went in july for a vacation and everything is easily accesible from the hotel . most major attractions are in around the loop area . we also got a great deal on the price . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago - its in the right spot for both business and pleasure . 
the hotel allegro located in the chicago loop , provided my wife and i with one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory . we ordered the weekend liquid therapy package N hours prior as noted on their website , but to our surprise when we arrived , our names were nowhere to be found in their system ! no room , no accommodations at the restaurant , nothing had been prepared for us and apparently another couple had already reserved the last available slot . a weekend away turned into the weekend from hell when we were asked to take a smaller room than i originally booked , and never did they offer us a replacement dining option ! i have a receipt and credit card statement that shows our reservations being made on time . we will never be staying here again . 
while the hotel looked absolutely lovely from the outside , my experience went downhill once i walked in . the lighting is very poor , which creates such a dark and gloomy atmosphere . the mood was accompanied by less-than-friendly staff members who made our check-in seem like nothing more than a huge hassle . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet night or a nice stay . i definitely would not stay here again . 
couldn ' t have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown chicago . hotel sofitel is right in the heart of the action , allowing my friends and i to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown ' s famous for . the room was comfy , with two queen mattresses , down stuffed duvets and chic decor . the bar downstairs was a bit pricey , but made up for it by being comfortable , sleek , and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails . one night we didn ' t feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the cafe des architectes , which had an amazing array of choices , mostly of the french persuasion . i would definitely book here again ! 
while the hotel certainly seems to look beautiful , the hotel is actually far from it . even booking a room online was rather difficult , and i wasn ' t able to reach a representative upon calling any of the contact numbers . in general coming here is a bad decision despite how it looks , its a mistake i wont make again and you shouldn ' t either . 
i recently had my wedding at the omni hotel in chicago and i was more than pleased . the decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one , i was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once i met with the staff at the omni i was certain that it was the way to go . the staff was so attentive and friendly , and i felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel . i highly recommend the omni hotel in chicago , brides will not be dissapointed ! 
the swissotel chicago is a very mediocre hotel , the service is always poor , and the room service food always comes cold , unless it ' s supposed to be cold than it comes warm . i would rather stay at a super N than this place again . 
i found this wonderful hotel ! the location is awesome , just minutes away from all the shopping , restaurants and bars you could possibly want . i was in town for an interview , so i was really nervous . i ended up suggesting the hotel restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us , they made me feel so comfortable that i was hardly nervous at all . and the place was pack ! the room was superb ! really cool design . i had a room they call an apartment , and it was fantastic ! the natural light you get in this room is awesome , and i am very sensitive to dark places . they have a full bar in the room , which i was able to use to entertain my friends that night . i went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and i have to say i have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel . all the staff made me feel like i was family . they were available to me at any time , and so friendly ! i will definitely be back for another stay . 
this hotel was worth every cent . you have not experienced chicago luxury until you have stayed here . in town for a conference , my colleagues and i never had to leave our hotel for much of anything . fine dining , entertainment , you name it knickerbocker ' s got it ! i will definitely return as my wife and i frequent chicago to visit family . 
this hotel does not live up to the reviews . the room was larger than i expected . however , the decor was a bit dated . the bedding was ripped , carpet was stained , and the shower door was broken . there was a long wait to the elevators , and if you ' re on floors N-N you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym . the main issue i had was the attitude i received from the staff . there was literally only one nice person at the front desk . there are no ice machines in this building , so you have to request it from the front desk . one day i requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person . N minutes later i made a follow up call because i did not receive my ice . i was nastily told that ice takes N minutes and i should just wait . i finally got the ice N minutes later . two days later i requested ice again . waited N minutes and just gave up . while i was leaving , i mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said ' i didn ' t get a call for ice . ' well i obviously wasn ' t making it up , lady ! i called and spoke with someone . she didn ' t even apologize or offer me anything . overall , i would not recommend this hotel . there are so many hotels in the chicago area . choose a different one . 
we booked this trip several months in advance and were greatly looking forward to our stay at the hotel monaco in chicago . however , our experience was significantly different from what we expected , for the following reasons . first of all , there was only one person at the front desk when we arrived . that person was preoccupied with something on their computer so our presence was not acknowledged for several minutes . then when we got to our room , there were beautiful drapes in the window and across one entire wall but i found them to be incredibly dusty . just bumping into them slightly caused a cloud of dust to emerge which i found distasteful . overall it was a good stay but those two inconveniences made us question the amount of money we paid for it . 
this was my first time in chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location . this definitely fit the bill . i could walk to all the places i wanted to see - very close to michigan ave and the magnificent mile . about a N minute walk to the art institute . the hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful . there was coffee in the lobby every morning , that was very welcome . the room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet . i could hear the train and some traffic from the street ( considering the location , this wasn ' t bad and didn ' t affect my ability to sleep or relax ) . i would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem ! ! 
i found my stay at the hotel monaco - chicago to be less than satisfactory . they lure you in with a fancy website , promising the world and more , but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade . the pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match , but when i received my room ( which by the way i could barely afford ) i found it to be no more luxurious than my local motel N . they mention that they are ' pet friendly ' . let me tell you , that is code for ' smelly ' . there was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and i was awake all night because of the incessant barking . would not stay again . 
i had high hopes for the hilton chicago , but i am sad to say that i am disapointed . not only is it outrageously expensive ( over N for two people for one night ) , but they expect you to pay over N to park your car ! they do not offer free wi-fi , but instead i had to pay N to get on the internet in my room . i had to wait until N pm to check in ( even though my flight was in the morning ) and i had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from . after all of this stress , the hilton chicago didn ' t have an in hotel bar either . i doubt i will stay here again ! 
the omni chicago hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel , particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv ' s . the windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room , before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows , which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom . an in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay . there ' s even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince . however , the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use , as well as the whirlpool , jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool . sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks . a nice aspect that isn ' t so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel . the omni chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation , particularly when you don ' t want to be separated from your pet , within the area . 
at first my husband and i were really excited for our family to enjoy the t-rex experience package . we figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too ' ritzy ' for us to travel with our four children . but after two nights of downtown chicago fun we realized that the talbott transcends it ' s ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed . 
thank god i got this hotel through priceline . i can ' t imagine paying full price for this place . the tub was moldy and dingy . the toilet didn ' t flush . their selection of tv channels was limited to say the least . unless you wanted to pay N for a rerun of an nbc show . oh , and internet ? why that will set you back about N for the day . and breakfast ? that ' s about N for a cup of coffee , a croissant and two slices of honeydew . this hotel is the pits . the customer service is . . . . absent ! when you walk in to the ridiculous lobby ( decked out like some bad late N ' s prom ) there ' s no one to direct you upstairs to the check in . and once you ' re there , check in is very fast , i ' ll grant them that . this hotel is a big , crummy rip-off . i will never stay here ( and will steer clear of hyatts in general i believe ) . 
my fiance and i had taken a trip to chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to downtown , so he chose the amalfi hotel , located conveniently to everything we needed . this place was phenomenal ! ! ! he chose a romantic getaway package , as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever . the hotel is super clean and very chic the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb . we were able to bring along our dog , which was also really important to us . the first day we were there , we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple ' s massage . the masseuses come straight to your room so it ' s really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great . after our massages , we went to the keefer steakhouse , which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic . they do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the rocket grill , which was nice as well . in all , our N nights there were pretty similar , we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there i ' ve recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the windy city . 
i was genuinely surprised by my stay at this hotel . the walls were paper thin , and i could hear conversations in the next room . this is not something i would have expected from a higher class of hotel . the room was also smaller than i would have expected for the price . we were given minimal toiletries and towels in the guest room , something which made it difficult for two people to get ready in the morning . we requested new towels , but it took an entire day for them to get around to fulfilling our request . the check-in process was frustrating , mostly due to the unhappy clerk behind the counter . i don ' t know if she was having a bad day , or just happens to be in such a mood all the time , but either way , it was unpleasant and a pain to deal with . overall , not a pleasant experience . i think next time , we ' ll choose another hotel to stay at when visiting chicago . 
i recently stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers and there is no way i ' ll be going back . check in took a long time as there many people arriving for a conference and only a single staff member at the reception desk . my room itself was barely passable - the bathroom seemed to need a good cleaning and the room itself looked like it had seen better days long before i ever was here . for the price i was paying , you ' d think they ' d allow access to the work out facilities , but they wanted an outrageous per day charge ! top it off with the small pool and no hot tub and you won ' t want to be spending any time here at all . to top it off , the promised discount rate wasn ' t honored at the end of my stay , despite being assured that all was well at check in ! i ended up arguing with the manager about it when i was checking out - since i had to catch a flight , no resolution happened and as of yet , i ' m still waiting for responses to my calls and letters . chicago has a lot better hotels to offer and for the price per night i paid , it wasn ' t worth it . even the shula ' s wasn ' t enough to make me want to return here . 
i had a large , roomy , clean N bed room with a large bathroom , big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise . customer service here was absolutely incredible , from the doorman to the front desk , to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when i requested it . sure , you get a little outside noise , but it is a big city , that is not unusual ! i really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it . 
my husband and i were planning our Nst year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in chicago where we had first met . after spending several minutes frustratingly navigating the talbott hotel ' s website , i finally was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend . after a long flight into chicago , we were so ready to check in , shower , and lay down in our hotel room . however , once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation . i provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied . she begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting . we then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door . i ' m severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel . 
the affinia manhattan is fantastic ! my husband and i stayed there when we went to visit my sister . i loved the room . it was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in . the view was incredible . manhattan is one of the most beautiful places i have ever been . the staff was very helpful as well . they had no problem going out of their way to be helpful . i would suggest this hotel to anybody ! 
we stayed here from nov . N to dec N and had a wonderful time . the hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in kitty o ' shea ' s . we had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows . you can request other types if you have a problem with feathers . the large flat screen tv was very nice . bath products were by crabtree evelyn and included shampoo , conditioner , mouthwash and bady lotion . plenty of coffee was provided . we drank and had snacks at kitty o ' shea ' s . the crowd was fun and there was live irish folk music each night . good selection of beer and good shepards pie , cheese dip and crisps ! the location worked very well for us . we walked to the art museum and buddy guys blues club is right across the street . and shopping was a breeze using the shuttle ! the cab ride to the museum of science and industry was quite far though and cost about N each way . an excellent weekend getaway ! 
we booked at another hotel a block away and spent a unhappy night . we walked over to the talbott and the courtiest staff showed us a room and we booked the rest of our stay . the room was very attractive and well furnished with double sinks in the bathroom . the tub is large and the shower a pleasure . the location was quiet as requested . the staff was always cheerful and very helpful . tim and stephanie provide excellent concierge services ! the breakfast at the basil cafe is a great way to start the day . we travel a lot and appreciate the ambiance of a good hotel . i would highly recommend the talbott for your stay . 
this hotel was everything we were looking for . my mom and i were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out . the talbott hotel was incredible . the rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed . the hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome ! they even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area . highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago ! 
we stayed at the fairmont two nights for the sofa art fair at the navy pier . i was impressed that the bellman called us by name when he met the taxi and pronounced it correctly , which is quite unusual . everyone smiled and welcomed us . the lobby looks clean and friendly , not ultramodern , but not at all tired or worn . our room , also clean and comfortably furnished , was larger than we expected , with a clean , modern bath and a lovely view of the navy pier and the lake . we did not eat at the restaurant , but it looked attractive . our only problem was that we had asked for non-feather pillows , upon reserving the room , upon checking in , and calling housekeeping . after waiting an hour , we went to bed . the next day the check-in desk person was extremely apologetic and by the time we returned , all the feathers were replaced with foam and non-allergenic materials . the hotel is convenient to millenium park and michigan ave . we would stay there again , assuming we could get good rates . 
i stayed at sofitel with my husband for a weekend and i will never be staying again ! the staff was rude , the room was dirty , and the decor is ugly and garish . avoid at all costs ! 
my husband and i stayed in this hotel for what was supposed to be a romantic weekend . it was far from that ! we could hear the television in the neighboring room and when we called the front desk to complain , the person who answered the phone was extremely rude ! we were unable to relax at all ! also , the room was not very clean , there was a definite smell of cigarette smoke and the bed was as hard as a rock . we will not be returning to this awful place ! 
i stayed at the chicago hilton because it was host to a conference i was attending . before i arrived i tried to find out about the ' in room fitness ' program advertised on the corporate website . i called the N reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center . i explained that i was inquiring about the ' in room fitness ' advertised on their website . she put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that i should call the property directly . i did and got the same response . i asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room . again , this was a problem . when i arrived at the hotel , no treadmill was available . when i went to tour the fitness room the first night i found that they close at Npm . when i returned to the center the next day i discovered that they charge N per day to use the fitness equipment . the pool , track and locker room are free , but to use the treadmills , etc . you have to pay N per day . this charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website , not in any of the guest service materials in the room . the food for the conference was mediocre , but the one room service meal i had was pretty good . during one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn ' t hear the speaker . the hvac didn ' t work well in my room and i kept the windows open for most of my three night stay . the beds were comfortable with very nice linens . i tried to get a late checkout , which was offered on a card in my room . the woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour , not the N-Npm range advertised in my room . the best service i received was from the folks in the security office . the hotel does not have safes in guest rooms , so i became very friendly with security office as i locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time i couldn ' t carry it out of the hotel . i visit chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the marriott properties . only wish i had done so for this visit . 
october Nrd , N my wife and i stayed at the sofitel toward the end of september N . the hotel is very modern . the room was immaculate , but the furiture looked as though it came from ikea . it was chipped in many places . the light switches were difficult to find , and the hvac made noise . however , the bed was wonderful . the bathroom was large and well maintained . housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted . the restaurant was small . you can eat for less at a N hour restaurant around the corner called tempo . if you want a truly great breakfast try the peninsula hotel . however , after dining there you might not want to return to the sofitel . prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full . when we checked in , we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals . upon returning home , we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the sofitel had an authorization placed on it . this reduced the line of credit , and it took several days to be removed from the card . great location ! reasonable value . if you have a privilege card they allow you to check out at Npm as opposed to N in the afternoon . 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers in december of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever . first , when i went to check in , i was completely ignored by the staff , they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in . when i got to my room , all the way on the Nrd floor , the room was dirty and had not been cleaned . so back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room . i went back to check and the new room was dirty also . there were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom . it appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean . all i can say is yuck ! my next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room again ! extremely poor customer service and gross rooms . i felt like i was staying at a N a night roach motel , not the N a night sheraton . my advise is to stay away . 
we stayed at the swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from aug N to N . i had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife . jaymes ballard , the concierge , made arrange for flowers , early check-in and we had a great room . our room was the Nrd floor with a view facing the city . room was large , everything looked like new , great bed , large bathroom with separate shower , great ammenities . a beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival . the hotel is about N mins from everything , not close but not far from anything . has a great restaurant , N patios outside where i had a cigar . a really nice pool and hot tub on the Nnd floor . i would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to jaymes for making our trip very special . 
my boyfriend and i decided to stay at the conrad chicago for our anniversary . the second we walked in , we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room . white luxurous bedding on the king bed , plasma t . v . subroofer surround sound speakers ( my boyfriend was more impressed than me , as i reminded him that we didn ' t come to chicago for the hotel room ) very large bathroom w tub and separate stand-in shower , granite countertops , his her robes and slippers . the view wasn ' t great , but we were on the Nth floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us . not a large room by any means , but again . . . we didn ' t go to the city for the hotel room . it was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room . we got a great rate on it ( N at hotels . com ) but i think the going rate is usually closer to mid N ' s . i ' ve stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one . we will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city . 
i have stayed at the james a few times , it is my go to hotel in chicago . this last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options . the good location is awesome , just off michigan ave , trader joe ' s across street for some healthier snacking . it is a great location , easy to walk most anywhere . the door staff are very friendly and helpful . the overall feeling is modern , upbeat . turn down service with cookie is nice . free wifi ( which worked to varying degrees throughout stay ) the bad they claim to be a N . N star hotel , which to me , means better then a N star and online with a N star ( without a pool ) . they used to have kiehls toiletries and now have ' harmony ' brand . additionally , they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you . it is what i would expect from holiday inn or my gym , but not a N . N star hotel . i asked about the switch ( mainly because when i booked they still had kiehls in website description ) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be ' green ' . that is hard to believe , as it ' s not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green ( they still have incandescent light bulbs , housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down , they don ' t recycle in room , etc ) . they are obviously trying to cut costs , and it shows . more the rooms are in need of some updating , they are looking somewhat tired . my third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front ( not their fault ) . don ' t take the stairs ( as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie ) , even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile . the phone staff was fairly rude ( granted , they didn ' t like me questioning their toiletry change ) . i feel bad giving such a low rating , but it really did not come close to my expectations ( from previous stays there ) . i will start trying out new hotels in the area . 
my wife and i stayed at the amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from norway who were vacationing in the city . we were excited about staying at the amalfi after reading the reviews here , but really disappointed in the accommodations . the web site has a photo of the N story building that houses the hotel . it doesn ' t state that the hotel only occupies the first N floors of the building . the rest are offices . our room was on the Nth floor with a view of a blank brick wall about N feet distant . the room itself was unremarkable , with standard furnishings equivalent to a holiday inn . although it is close to the best part of the city , it is tucked behind the new trump tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road sidewalk . our norwegian friends , by contrast , stayed on the Nrd floor of swissotel and had views of the lake and navy pier . 
when my husband and i went to amalfi hotel we were expecting first class service . first , when we got there we learned they had given our room to another guest and we were not able to get a suite like we had booked . room service took forever and the food was subpar . supposedly they had planners to help explore the area , but we requested one and never saw hide nor hair of a planner . the spa staff seemed incompetent . the only positive things i can say about amalfi hotel was that the rooms were stylish as advertised . i give this hotel two stars . 
the hyatt regency chicago hotel offered pda or kiosk check-in which was great . they also offer hypo-allergenic rooms with air purification systems which gave us a much more delightful stay . we enjoyed the N N stay fit gym , ihome stereo with ipod docking station , flat screen tv with video on demand and wi-fi . concierge staff was very helpful with assisting us with finding excellent award winning dining and popular attractions in the area . we enjoyed our stay and will definetly return to this hotel in the future for family and business trips . 
atrocious . here ' s our story my wife and i are californians but met as students at the university of chicago . to celebrate our Nth anniversary , we decided to travel back to the windy city and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love . when it came to lodging , we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered . we wanted to revisit the city and didn ' t intend to spend very much time in our room . as a result , we didn ' t spend very much time researching hotels . big mistake . our stay at homewood suites could not have been worse . our room , which , i should mention , took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance , was filthy . ( my wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom . ) the staff was rude and indifferent . the chocolates included in the romance package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar . cleaning staff failed to show up . front desk offered apologies but little else . suffice it to say , we checked out early . never before have i seen such a poorly-managed hotel . truly shameful . stay away ! 
my wife and i stayed at the affinia chicago last week ( in a studio suite , which was not worth the extra payment ) . it was an absolute nightmare ! to begin with , the room is listed as ' oversized ' , when it ' s nothing of the sort . we ' ve previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about N square feet smaller . i believe the only extra space was in the closet , which isn ' t very useful unless you plan on living there ! we had our two sons with us , so we had to make extra sleeping space . our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time , complaining of bugs moving around . he must have been umcomfortable also , as i sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock . the room service is horrible , they took N minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around Npm , and she had to wait up for that . my family would never go back to this hotel , and i highly recommend you also stay well away . 
we absolutely loved the knickerbocker . now , if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable , forget this place . if holiday inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs , the knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city . the location is great , the hotel bar is cozy and classy , and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in victorian mansions . for the price , you simply can ' t do any better than this in downtown chicago . 
while traveling in chicago i stayed at the sofitel on chestnut street . though the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable as the advertisements suggest service was severely lacking . i arrived late at night and had one peaceful dreamy nights sleep before being woke up at dawn . i reserved a room on one of the lower floors unaware of the construction happening in the area . i complained that i had not been informed of the construction and requested another room . my complaint was totally disregarded . i was told there were no other rooms in the whole hotel available . when i explained that the noise was bothersome i was treated rudely . the woman at the front desk actually ask me if i thought she could make the workers stop . i understand that the staff has no control over the noise . they did however know about the construction . information i did not have at the time i booked . information that would have swayed my decision . then to treat me so rudely for bringing it to their attention . i will not be staying there again . 
my husband and i arrived for a N night stay for our Nth wedding anniversary . we had booked an executive guest room , upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful junior suite . this was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend . the front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed . the chicago affinia was just a gorgeous hotel , friendly staff , lovely food and great atmosphere . not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic . also we were allowed to bring out beloved shi-tzu and he experienced the jet set pets stay . the grooming was perfect , the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with . this was a beautiful weekend , thank you affinia hotels ! we would visit this hotel again ! 
my stay at the affinia last weekend was ideal and i can ' t wait to return . i was in town for a brief personal trip and wanted to have a clean , lovely room near the shopping downtown . affinia fit the bill . the location was perfect , just one block from the magnificent mile . the decor was modern and sleek , and my room was impeccably clean . they even have a pillow menu ! the price was pretty reasonable , too . i ' ll definitely be back . 
when i planned my summer vacation , i was wanting to travel somewhere new . chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life . i got in a flight to chicago and arrived at the hard rock hotel . it was grand and i spent a total of N days and nights there . the luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues . the room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious , i could hardly picture not feeling satisfied . i met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town . i enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later . 
i stayed at the swissotel for a business trip the first week of aug N . i arrived late the first night and got shoved into a hospitality room the first night . however , this was more than made up when after a strong talk they assigned me a corner room on the Nth floor . excellent view of the city , river and lake michigan . in fact , i would say the corner room of the swissotel has a better view than any other hotel in the vicinity . the room was huge , and everything was clean and the bathroom was nice . the hotel is very convieniently located to the magnificient mile and millenium park . would very much recommend this hotel , and would suggest trying every method possible to get a corner room in a higher floor . 
i recently visited chicago . i stayed at the hotel allegro chicago . first of all i did not enjoy the welcome as i checked in to the hotel . my hotel price was off the roof and i only used it to sleep and eat breakfast . the food served was not up to par i felt like it was a cheap ' free ' lunch . my room was crowded and my waste baskets did not have bags in them . my toilet paper row was half way finished when i checked in . i felt that the house keepers gave us dirty looks as we went in and out of the room . i did not feel safe , i had to hide my valuables and i kept the ' busy ' sign on the door so no one would enter and take stuff . the rooms did not appear as they do on their website , it is actually the opposite . looked to me like a regular motel inn but i paid way more than i would have at an actual motel inn . i did not appreciate that none of the electrical outlets worked and my phone was dead for my whole duration of the trip . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
this hotel was full of drunks . the lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy . there were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night , yelling in the hallways , making lots of noise . the staff had little to say . i wasn ' t aware of the noise level when i booked the room and when i threatened to make other reservations , the people in the lobby had nothing to say . we asked for a water view and got a city view . again , the people at the front desk weren ' t accomodating at all . overall , we had a horrible experience . 
the name conrad ( the most luxurious of all hilton hotels ) should illicit nothing but images of pure elegance and luxury however , the conrad in chicago , il did obviously not receive the memo . upon entering the hotel , we were not greeted by any of the hotel staff . additionally , we were not offered any help . the desk receptionist was beyond rude . her snide remarks towards my wife and me set the tone for a the rest of our stay . after getting our card , we were finally offered help with our luggage . the young man who helped us could barely handle our luggage . strangely , he somehow found more strength when it was time to collect his tip . he received the tip he deserved , which he scoffed about and groaned under his breath as he walked away . upon first looking at the room it was beautiful . however , closer inspection revealed that the room had not been cleaned since the last visitor had left . there was hair in the sink and around the toilet . there was even a used bar of soap in the bathtub . this fact was not met with any apology by hotel staff . instead , i was told that was preposterous and that the room had indeed been cleaned to the highest of standards . two-hours later , someone came into the room to ' investigate ' . when they saw the mess that had been left , they offered a menial apology . still another two hours later , housekeeping arrived . the level of incompetence even extended to the valets in the parking garage . in the most incredible display of stupidity of our visit , the valet actually brought the wrong car to me . i was half tempted to take the car that was brought to me ( it was certainly an incredible make and model ) , but my better judgment prevailed . i informed the valet of his mistake , to which he replied , ' sorry dude , i read your ticket wrong . ' i know that he did not smoke in my car , but he smelled so strongly of smoke , that the smell melted into my seat . luckily , its location on rush will help get out of the terror that is conrad chicago . there are so many better hotels in chicago -- please spend your money elsewhere . 
i want to recognize so many people who were exemplary in their service . N ) sylvia rollins , head concierge . i wanted a fairly last minute reservation at mk restaurant . i spoke with sylvia on the phone just a few days prior to arrival and within N minutes had the desired reservation . N ) ryan lettier , concierge , provided us detailed information on the architectural cruises . our morning cruise ended up being cancelled by the tour operator and ryan provided a late check out time to cover us until we could get back to the monaco . N ) turndown service was provided as requested and housekeeping in general seemed to be at a high standard N ) even the bellman went out of their way to ask if we knew how to get the train etc when leaving the hotel . the rooms are tastfully furnished in that whimiscal hotel monaco feel . beds and bedding both very comfortable . the complimentary happy hour and morning coffee tea service were both very utililzed by the hotel guests . 
when we stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago , we had one of the worst visits i have ever experienced . our room was not ready right away so we had to wait about an hour in the lobby . and finally when we made it to our room we found a moldy shower and a dirty floor . the room service took about an hours and a half to come to the room and she we went to the pool that day , it was so crowded there was no room to sit on the side . our experience was definitely not a pleasant one . to make matters even worse , we were billed twice for our room which my husband luckily caught before we left . i am never coming back to millennium knickerbocker hotel . 
my husband and i recently stayed at the fairmont chicago millennium park . what i expected to be a very pleasant experience , turned out to be a stressful visit . we specifically reserved a non-smoking king room and paid the price for that reservation . upon arrival , the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms available and the representative at the check in desk was not helpful . as we had no other options , we accepted a smoking room with two queen beds . i can live with the bed situation but i truly feel that having to accept a room infused with cigarette smoke is completely wrong ! there wasn ' t an area in the room where i did not feel nauseous from the stale smell and i cannot help but think that this smell followed me around all day after check out . to add insult to injury , the hotel staff was not sympathetic to our situation -- something i think they should be specifically trained to do -- and did not offer any compensation , partial refund or related ' perk ' to make up for our great inconvenience . two staff members actually acted as if i was the inconvenience in asking them if there was anything they could do ! although we paid for the breakfast package , we were eager to leave immediately in the morning and dined elsewhere at our additional expense . pardon the pun , but we just could not sit there and dine in the morning with such a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel ' s lack of customer service ! i am hoping the corporate office responds to our complaints but , thus far , we have received no satisfaction . needless to say , we will not be visiting this property again ! in fact , we are no longer going to patronize this brand of hotels . 
over all , my trip was great i got to spend time with my best friend . we did some shopping and site seeing . trip was overall great . the only thing was our hotel stay was not up to speed with other luxury hotels i have stayed at . some of the walls had wall paper missing , most of the faucets leaked , there was water stains on the ceiling in the bathrooms , some of the furniture had very visible stains , the fire alarm was coming off the wall in the main bedroom . we stayed in the corner suite on the N floor room N . considering what ones pays for the room you would think the pool would be free and they would not charge for every single small amenity . i do not plan on staying there again . apart from the trip was great ! 
stayed for N nights for our anniversary . the desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary , he gave us an upgrade . . . imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only N other rooms ! corner tower suite with a view of the river and michigan ave . beautiful ! cabs available right outside the lobby . . . never paid more than N for a cab ride . if you go in dec . you must go to the chriskindl festival for strudel ! 
although the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of chicago , it is somewhat expensive , starting at N per night . there are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler . the rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer . the carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas . the views from the rooms are not as great as they could be . the hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature . although the hotel is located on chicago ' s famous michigan avenue , it is a N taxi ride from o ' hare airport and a N taxi ride from midway airport , both rather pricey options . if you chose to drive there , the valet parking charge is a hefty N . again , not very budget friendly . all in all , even though the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago is close to some of the major chicago attractions , it is only an average hotel on many levels . 
my husband and i stayed overnight at the affinia . prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel not true . since it was a very special occasion , and also because we were only staying overnight , we didn ' t let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend . however , this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences . i ' ve ever had . first , the smells the linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy . the odors were not mild , and i found it pretty repulsive . i couldn ' t wait to jump out of bed in the morning , to get away from the odors . hard to sleep and certainly didn ' t want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary . i didn ' t discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed . at that point , i chose not to contact housekeeping because ( a ) i was exhausted , and ( b ) i didn ' t want to upset my husband , who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing . also , the bathroom smelled like vinegar . perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by affinia , but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did . incidentally , the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days not a well-maintained property . second , the elevators if you stay above the first few floors , there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar . with so many floors to service , and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday , these elevators took forever to come , and were often full they did . annoying . also , on one occasion , there were several bottles ( water and soda ) left in the elevator clearly , the maintenance crew doesn ' t inspect and clean the common areas frequently . finally , and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived . first , when we booked , we asked for as quiet a room as possible . the hotel is located near northwestern memorial hospital . but , its proximity to michigan ave . , and the lack of accomodations elsewhere ( due to the transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end ) , led us to stay here anyway . at check-in , the clerk noted our request , and said our room was quiet room since it was not ' next to the elevators . ' when we arrived at our room , we discovered that we were across from the elevators . obviously , she was technically correct that we weren ' t next to the elevators , but it was still so close ( N-N feet ) that we could hear the elevator noise . also , since it was a special occasion , we asked if we could upgrade . the disingenuous , snarky , condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade . clearly , the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels , this is a matter of routine , not exception . pretty awful experience all the way around . other reviewers must have very low expectations . can ' t explain any of the good reviews otherwise . 
i stayed at the sheraton as it was where a conference i was attending was being held . on the plus side , the hotel is reasonably well located , within a few minutes walk of michigan avenue . my room had a superb view out over the river . however , for the price i must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment . the decor was dated , and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty . the wifi is ridiculously expensive , and frustratingly as a conference delegate i was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for N hours access . there was no wifi in the conference rooms , although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails . i know chicago is expensive , but for that price i feel the experience should have been better . 
attended a wedding in chicago sofitel is new , humming , very very modern ( w hotel style - minimalist ) and a great location . however , i miss the basics of a less trendy hotel . we checked in at N pm and our room wasn ' t ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me ! ! ! i had to wait in the hallway . . . . on the weekend i came back for a nap at about N N pm after vacating the room at N N am and it still wasn ' t made up . the housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room . also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one . . . . i gave up . . . this is a hot , youth hotel but for my next visit , i think i ' d prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping , a somewhat larger room that you can walk around , and a less trendy , hot , loud clientele . i ' m over N . 
the affinia hotel in chicago was superb . the room service was exemplary and the food , i don ' t even know were to start . the chef obviously knew what he was doing , i especially loved the seafood , my personal favorite was the shrimp . aside from this , i loved how beautiful the hotel was . it is definetly a bargain for the price , for that price you would probably get a good N star hotel but , i felt as if i was in a N , N a night N star hotel in the europe . great bang for your buck . would recommend it to anybody looking to relax at a great hotel with great amenities in a great city . my friends actually went their a while back because of me . they loved it ! i know you will too . 
my husband and i stayed in the hilton chicago and had a very nice stay ! the rooms were large and comfortable . the view of lake michigan from our room was gorgeous . room service was really good and quick , eating in the room looking at that view , awesome ! the pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it . great location for all of the downtown chicago attractions such as theaters and museums . very friendly staff and knowledgable , you cant go wrong staying here . 
this was my first time staying at the hard rock hotel in chicago and i have nothing but hate for the entire experience . the building itself is maintained , however the staff is rude and inept to the point of making their customers feel physically ill . and while the outside appearance is fine and dandy , my room N , was repulsive . as soon as the bellboy threw my luggage onto the room ' s ground and verbally demanded a tip , i noticed insects of all kinds scurrying around , the room was pungent with what smelled like human excrement , before i could say anything to the bellboy he had taken his tip and fled . immediately i went to the front desk and was made to wait for over a half hour , a complete waste of time , because as soon as i had reported my problem i was told that no other rooms were available and i would have to make do , they did however say i could stay the night free of charge . the next morning as i was set to leave i decided i would try the breakfast , in hopes of finding one redeeming quality . let me tell you , that breakfast tasted like space food with dirt and mold , the worst breakfast i have ever had in my entire life . overall the employees are arrogant and callous , with the work ethic of a N year old child , they cannot cook , the room for me was poorly maintained , however they are good at refunding your money . 
i stayed in on of the james one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in chicago visiting my daughter . the pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities i forgot to pack and left them in my room for me . later in the week i treated myself to an asha massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services . afterward i smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed i ' d been in years . my room was clean and modern , yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding . i ' ll certainly be staying with them again in the future . 
i ' ve stayed at several different hotels in chicago but the james is the best . everything i need is in walking distance and i find it very convenient to stay there . the staff at the concierge desk is so polite and offers assistance willingly . the room has always been very clean . the bed linens are better that the nice sheets i have on my own bed . thankfully i don ' t have to search around for somewhere to stay when i travel there as i ' ve found my favorite . 
i went to chicago and we made a reservation to hotel monaco chicago which is a kimpton hotel , and i decided to stay in a tranquility suite . which was amazing i went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space . room service was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick . another thing was that it was pet friendly which i thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs . the hotel was amazing and beutiful . 
i just got back from the monaco in chicago ! i was very pleasantly surprised , as my husband booked this trip as a last minute getaway , and he usually picks bad places-haha . anyway , the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situatated . it was busy and the line was a little long , but it moved quickly . the lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good , especially since it seemed to be near full . the room was clean and spacious ( especially considering it ' s a city hotel ) . we made a lot of use of the concierge , since again , it was so last minute we didn ' t really make any plans . he gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for chicago pizza yummy ! it was also great being near the theater district , and basically in the thick of everything so we saved on cab fare . i thought the coolest thing was they brought you a goldfish in a bowl for your room ! very trendy . my husband is not as easily impressed , but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon . overall , really nice stay in a four star , or probably four and half star hotel ! 
this hotel is fantastic . i stayed there on my way through chicago towards arizona , and could not believe the great quality of the hotel . i ' d have thought i was in a vegas suite . really polite staff , great housekeeping , and amazing prices . on my way out , i was telling the manager about how much i ' d loved the hotel , and he even offered me an extra night there ! you can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly N hours . 
my friend and i visited amalfi hotel last week when we were in chicago and found it to be a great place , very sophisticated and luxurious , with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service . the beds were comfortable . the room service was great as was the gym . . . i fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room . . . so beautiful at night . . . the city scape . and in the morning , the free continental breakfast was delicious . it was a wonderful experience being at the amalfi hotel in chicago . i am eager to visit there again . 
i stayed two nights at the hilton chicago . that was the last time i will be staying there . when i arrived , i could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking . they wanted at least N . what am i paying for when i stay there for the night ? the website also touted the clean linens . the room was clean and i believe the linens were clean . the problem was with all of the down pillows etc . don ' t they know that people have allergies ? i also later found out that this hotel allows pets . i think that this was another part of my symptoms . if you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks i suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay . i did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking . beware hidden costs . i will try somewhere else in the future . not worth the money or the sneezing all night . 
perfect location , clean and courteous staff all added up to a great stay . its in an area with plenty of stores ( the mile ) and restaurants . hotel lobby is on the Nth floor and the elevator to get there was annoyingly slow but overall i would highly recommend this place regardless if your there with a family , friends or on business . the subway to wrigley is a N N block away from the front door . 
after reading good reviews about the affinia hotel in chicago , my husband and i decided to spend two nights there to celebrate our Nth anniversary . unfortunately , the hotel missed the mark for us . i did not expect to find bedbugs underneath the mattress in a N-star hotel . because my husband and i have had a bad experience with bedbugs , as a rule , we always check underneath the mattress before settling down for the night in any hotel . when i brought this to the attention of the front desk staff , they practically accused us of planting the bugs there . i was very humiliated and disappointed in the way the situation was handled . needless to say , we made the decision to pack our bags and went elsewhere to celebrate our anniversary . i have written a letter to the hotel chain and hope that they will be more responsive to the situation . i have also reported the incident to my credit card company to alert them that i will be refuting the charge for the one night the affinia charged to my account because we missed the cancellation deadline . 
this hotel is overpriced . one should pay money for luxury , but they fall far short considering the prices that they charge . when you go to the hotel restaurants you expect a certain mark-up because , yes , they do have to make money . but the prices they charge for food that was okay makes little sense to me . when i got there and went to my room , i thought that there would be nice colors , a great view , and deluxe bedding . what i got were sheets that might have come from the full price section of target--they were not cheap , but not that expensive either . i think i could have found something of this quality at less than the Nish a night i paid . 
i haven ' t stayed all that much with hyatt and i ' m not sure if i will be going back anytime soon . the staff was very professional and helpful . our room was close to being N stars however , fell a little short . it really is time for a remodel of the bathroom . the toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush . i ' m not a germ freak or anything however , i really don ' t want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if i don ' t have to . the hotel was fully booked with a teen convention ( fccla ) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it . the noise at night from every direction . the only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party . coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic . with little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another , absolutely ridiculous . the lobby of the hyatt at night was a complete zoo . during our second night i finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really wasn ' t anything they could do . . . . read more 
fairmont hotels are generally my preferred choice , but this was a true disappointment . check-in was quite slow and problematic ( glitches with their reservation system locally ) . room was very small and oddly arranged . felt quite cramped in room and was hard to work at very small desk . hotel overall felt quite cold and isolating . . . lobby is not at all inviting , and it didn ' t feel terribly safe walking around outside . gift shop was overpriced , even for a downtown hotel . food was disappointing . overall this seems greatly overpriced and does not meet usual standards of a fairmont i ' ve come to count on . bill was completely messed up and required N separate calls after i left to straighten out . 
great hotel ! ! the staff is very friendly and helpful . the room was in perfect shape , very clean and just a beautiful setup . i will definetly go to this hotel many more times when i am in the area ! i would definetly recommend it ! 
i would not recommend staying at the swissotel in chicago . i was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times . she had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since i would be arriving first . the ' night manager ' at the hotel was extremely rude and told me i could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation . ( this was their mistake ) they told me i could sit in the lobby for N hours until my friend arrived . they did nothing to try and help me until i stood there and complained for twenty minutes . i can ' t believe that a ' manager ' would treat a customer this way . there are other great hotels in chicago . this hotel is not worth the aggravation ! 
the james hotel in chicago looks nice on the website , but looks can be deceiving ! the employees are extremely rude and the rooms are disgusting . i would definitely advise against staying there . 
my stay at the hyatt regency was an experience that i ' ll never ever forget - not in a good way . check-in was actually pretty easy and the clerk was pleasant . i went up to my room and looked around , all seemed ok at first . i was bushed so i flopped on the bed . . . ohhhhh noooooo ! the bed was as hard as a military bunk from my army days . but i was so tired that i just passed out . of course i woke up with a back ache . . . great . i figured a hot soak in the tub would help my back so i plugged the tub , turned the hot water on full force , and poured in some shower gel . i put my foot in expecting some real heat - the water was barely lukewarm . i called the front desk but they were no help , the clerk just apologized . frustrated at this point , i turned on the tv and switched on the air . i put my hand over the vent to see how cold the air was and i saw something slimy inside of the vent . it looked like a wet gray chunk of goop or something . i couldn ' t take anymore of this . i went down to the front desk and complained to the clerk . it seemed as though the guy was on something - he kept smiling as he apologized , no empathy as if he ' s used to hearing about the goop in the ac . he offered me a free night but there is no way that i ' d stay at this place again - ever . 
what a terrible experience my family and i had at affinia chicago ! first of all , we reserved a room with N queen size beds and received only N king size bed with a cot . when we got to the room , we found hair balls on the floor as if a cat had previously stayed there . what an absolute terror affinia was and i will never be going back ! 
the concierge was so helpful . without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful . they even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating ' s . loved the health club at the back of the hotel . by joining the presidents club , it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities . the rooms were large , updated and had views looking out in N directions . the coffee maker in the room was exceptional . location is great for getting mostly anywhere . parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground millennium garage that was only N . N per N hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel . 
the inter continental is a great hotel . the staff was very friendly , and the accomidations were great . the room was clean and ready on time , and the indoor swimming pool was perfect considering chicago ' s weather . eno was simply amazing . their wine selection is second to none . and the turkey pumpkin curry at zest was to die for . 
i have recently stayed at the fairmont chicago millennium park and the visit was most unpleasant . this hotel was loud and the staff was very rude . all the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs . the hotel food was old , it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there . the beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a ' nice place to spend a vacation ' 
the magnificent mile in chicago is a great place to visit , and staying at the affinia chicago just made it that much better ! the location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away , and getting to navy pier was a cinch ! and the accommodations themselves were wonderful ! the hotel lets you completely customize your stay , all the way down to choosing your own pillow ! very impressed overall ! 
we chose the talbott hotel primarily for the location , but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it . although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities , we found both severely lacking . we had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary . we asked for , and were promised , a king room . however , when we checked in , we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available . we could either take a double queen room , or pay significantly more for a suite . we took the key for our double queen room and were on our way . upon arriving on our floor , we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway , squealing and playing . it turns out that this hotel offers american girl visits for the nearby store . it turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a girl scout troop on an american girl trip ! we went back downstairs to request a move to another room , and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available . we explained that we were here for our anniversary , and the ambiance wasn ' t exactly what we were looking for . the clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she couldn ' t help us - they didn ' t have anything else . sorry . back upstairs we went . tired from travel , we decided to order from room service for dinner . our pasta , when it arrived , was barely warm and mediocre in flavor . we ate it anyway and prepared for bed . after using the bathroom , we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing . after jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank , we couldn ' t get the water to stop running . it took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem . the next morning , after showering , i discovered the hair dryer didn ' t work properly . after pulling my wet hair back in a clip , we went out for the day . upon our return , we expected to find our room made up and fresh . it hadn ' t been touched . we called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it , but by the time we ' d left for dinner , nobody had arrived . our room wasn ' t made up that day . that night , the girl scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after Nam . we asked them several times to be quiet , but they didn ' t want to listen , and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen . we called down to the desk , and they told us ' they would take care of it ' , but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway . nobody came to shoo them away . the next morning , i turned on the hairdryer , expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before . it didn ' t ! stuck wearing my clip again , we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip . this hotel had potential , but the staff doesn ' t care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers . 
my wife and i recently stayed at the hotel monaco in chicago and , after our experience there , we will not be returning . with a hotel that markets itself as ' luxury , ' we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck . we were disappointed , to say the least . first of all , we stayed in the king deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small . the space was used poorly - my wife and i could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space . the decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality . although they said our room woudl be ready at N , we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready . although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology , they didn ' t seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused . the noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight . the hotel would not move us to a different room . all in all , i felt that we paid N . N for a luxury hotel and got a N motel N . we will definitely not be back anytime soon . 
stayed here for two days in the first week in january , when hotel was very quiet . got a big corner room . staff are friendly , decor is modern , and there ' s a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast , which you take back to your room . the free hors d ' oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives , breads , cheeses and meats , marinated vegetables . this was a really easy hotel to stay in , fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the ' l ' , and quiet , despite the building work opposite . if you ' re in chicago , stay here . 
the talbot hotel is an elegant place to take you wife or husband for a weekend getaway . the personally yours romantic package was fabulous . upon check in we opened our room door and found a romantic atmosphere . there was rose pedals and luxurious bathrobes . we felt like it was our honey moon all over again . 
we stayed N nights at the knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay . the hotel has recently renovated there rooms . the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from dave and cora at the martini bar to julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us . the hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that chicago offers . our pick for the city is the knickerbocker . john and judy . 
staying at the hard rock hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling . i stayed at this one the last time i visited chicago and it was just wonderful . the rooms are amazing and the one i stayed in had a great view of the city . the beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat , the wi-fi was really fast and always available and i liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones . i didn ' t have the chance to use the spa , but i could tell it was really nice and relaxing . i did go to the base bar a couple times for a drink , very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from . the rock shop was pretty cool too and i bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends . overall i think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in , the experience is definitely different than any other hotel i ' ve stayed in . 
the palmer house hilton , while it looks good in pictures , and the outside , is actually a disaster of a hotel . when i went through , the lobby was dirty , my room hadn ' t been cleaned , and smelled thoroughly of smoke . when i requested more pillows , the lady on the phone scoffed at me and said she ' d send them up . it took over an hour for N pillows . this hotel is a good example that what you pay for isn ' t always what you get . i will not be returning . 
stayed valentines weekend . got the Nth floor with a direct view of the building next door . you have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor . parking nearby sucks as most of chicago or pay N for valet to go through your car . glasses were dusty and gross . this location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge , so when you barely touch it you ' ll get a bill at N in the morning under your door . had i been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a N star but not this time . 
i recently was in chicago on business and chose to stay at the swissotel , chicago . the hotel sells itself as being stylish , sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city . i would have been better off anywhere else . i was not impressed with the interior , finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste . i guess ' stylish ' might be modern in some people ' s minds , but not mine . also , luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical . when i made my way to reception , i hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website . i had organized an executive suite as i was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room , and thought the extra space would come in handy . when i proceeded to check in , the girl at the desk told me , while smacking gum , that i had no reservation . i handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong , even though i had spelled it out for her . she then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference , all of the executive suites had already been allocated , but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room . correct me if i am wrong , but this is a step down from the room i had asked for ! surely if you give away my room , you should try to compensate me with something better ! i said that no , i really needed more space as i would be using the room as an office , and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available , and that if i wanted to switch the following evening , i would be welcome to do that . the room was ok , although , again , i was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt . i did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services , but found them sadly lacking . some comments on the services the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect , and also a per day fee which borders on extortion ! there was free wifi in the lobby , but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air , plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out . i did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels , but had to wait N hours before they arrived . the fitness center and pool which i was looking forward to using , were closed for cleaning when i went up . breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items , which is not what i would have expected for the money . all in all , i would say your money is better spent elsewhere . 
months prior to my N-night reservation with the hilton chicago i requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light , facing an open view , not a close building . ( the reservation was made through a conference travel agency . ) i confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record . she told me it would be difficult to find , but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me . i was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers , tucked into a very dark corner , facing a wall of rooms . i called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request , but to ' sit tight ' and someone would call me . no one did . further calls yielded similar results . at one point i was told i could have a ' parlor room , ' with a sofa bed , at a reduced rate , but i could not go see the room before committing to moving . that ' s real hospitality for you . worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave , i ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room . ( i had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds . ) the only redeeming feature of the room was that it had N bathrooms . other than that , it was tight quarters with a tiny closet , two uncomfortably low chairs , at the desk and in a ( dark ) corner . light fixtures didn ' t do much to brighten things up . since i was here at a conference , i really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail , but instead i got a cave . consequently , i spent as little time as possible in the room and next time i am in chicago , conference or not , i will absolutely stay at another hotel . there are much better locations that the hilton chicago and looking at the percentage of ' inside tower ' rooms , places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service . shame on the chicago hilton . 
this hotel must have originally been an ordinary downtown hotel in a not very nice neighborhood . the owners have painted it over and fixed up the lobby to make it an ' upscale ' overpriced boutique hotel . but it ' s still just an ordinary hotel with a paint job . stay here if you want to experience staying in a flophouse , but with all the sleaze removed . definitely stay at the chain ' s other location , the burnham , for a much , much nicer hotel . 
the allegro in downtown chicago is a great stay part of the kimpton group boutique hotels the allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city . i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the ' el ' into the loop which leaves you about N minutes from the hotel otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors , comfortable beds and in my case great views . if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days kimpton does a great job and their properties are ' class acts ' 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel monaco for N days in october , N . i cannot begain to tell you how great this place is . the service was impecable and the room was fantastic . huge window seat to look over chicago . it was great . the wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby . this was our first trip to chicago and i hope not our last . i will definately stay at hotel monaco again when we return . we booked our room through a safety convention web site . 
i just had a conference there . they have bed bugs--i have all these bug bites and it itches like hell . food wise , we had chicken both times for lunch ( maybe my company was saving some ) but they should at least prepare them differently . it looked like they did the same style chicken but change the underlying ' bed ' upon which it is served . for dinner , we had filet mignon and crab cake . sounds good right ? wrong ! the filet mignon seems to be N N the thickness of what i have seen and it was tough . i thought the filet mignon is suppose to be tenderest part of the cow ? ? ? ? also , the crab cakes was a bit too salty . finally the portions were tiny and left me lacking . in asking my co-worker , most seem to be blase about the food . however , some seem to like the burger ( which they went to substitute ) at the palms , which is a restaurant inside the hotel , just off the lobby . on the positive note , the dessert for dinner was good . otherwise , i ' d recommend another hotel . in the meantime , when i got home , i make sure to bring everything straight to the washer dryer to disinfect ( even strip down ) . but , damn , i ' m still itchin ' 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers recently , and i was completely dissatisfied . when i arrived the clerk was very rude to my guest and myself . we finally got all of our things figured out and went to our room . there is a river right outside and i constantly heard boats passing by . my bathroom was disgusting and not to mention , very small . i did not have a very pleasant experience at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . 
we stayed at the beautiful millennium knickerbocker hotel located in scenic downtown chicago . it was close to shopping , local attractions like the shedd aquarium and even the navy pier . the hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages , which i took advantage of as any woman ( or man ) should ! a continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee , unless purchased with a package deal , in their own upscale restaurant , nix ! we would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family ! 
not worth the price ! i had the unfortunate experience of staying in the hilton homewood suites in downtown chicago . i stayed there with my family while we were on vacation . i wish i would have saved my money and went somewhere else . with a hotel this expensive , you think that they might throw in some bonuses your way , like complimentary parking . not a chance . in addition to the N price tag , i also had to pay N for parking , per night . if i had stayed at the motel N , parking would have been free . the staff there were not very nice at all . when i registered , the lady at the counter acted like helping me was interfering with her internet chat time . she was very rude to me . perhaps she was having a bad day or something , but i doubt it . after i arrived in my room , my key card didn ' t work , and i had to go back downstairs to get it fixed ( once again , interrupting her precious free time with some actual work ) . the rooms had some nice features , like kitchen appliances and a flat screen television . i didn ' t go on vacation to cook though . the television didn ' t get very many channels , and you had to pay if you wanted to watch any of their movies ( of course ) . i tried logging into facebook to say hello to my friends from the hotel room , but the ' complimentary ' internet access was so slow that it was hardly worth using . i get a better connection at starbucks . they offer a complimentary dinner and breakfast , but it ' s nothing to write home about . i ' ve had better food at mcdonald ' s . the food was pretty cold , and the choices are very limited . traffic around the hotel was hideous . this hotel is downtown , and you can definitely tell . there are a bunch of one-way streets around , which makes getting in and out confusing . the room was pretty clean , but you can say that about a lot of hotels in a wide variety of price ranges . if you ' re looking for a hotel in chicago , i ' d say save some money and go somewhere else . i ' ve had better stays at the best western and many other hotels that cost less . 
i have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel . i had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift . when my parents arrived , they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly . my parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip . additionally , my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured N times that his room was non-smoking . when my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop . when my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured N times that the room was non-smoking . never again . 
homewood suites is a hilton group hotel located in downtown chicago . though close to many sights , when we visited there was extensive construction going on along michigan avenue , so every morning we were awakened right at N am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers . we reserved the basic suite . though we arrived at N pm , well past check-in time , our room was not ready for N minutes . the management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience . once the suite was ready , it was nice . but then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom . we were relocated to another room with apologies , but again , no offer of compensation for the trouble . once we were finally settled , the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer . the food was okay , but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point . the staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service . we though it was a good idea since we were already so tired . unfortunately , it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected . all in all we were disappointed with our experience at homewood suites . we understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable . i would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting chicago . 
chicago is one of our favorite cities to visit . some friends suggested trying the talbott . i ' m delighted we took them up . the talbott is a great ' small ' hotel a block and a half off of michigan avenue near the four seasons , drake and westin . the concierge staff was most helpfull . gene and stephanie took great care of us . the rooms were spacious and very fresh . the elevators could be a bit slow at times . aside from the construction next door , our stay was perfect . bice now runs the hotel restaurant . we enjoyed having breakfast there . we will stay there again . 
i recently stayed at the omni chicago hotel and it was awful . when i arrived my room was not ready . two hours later when it was finally cleaned , i entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that i had requested for my son . i asked for it again , but they never brought it . my mattress was uncomfortable , and i did not like sharing it with my son . the ac did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room . the next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving , and it too was bad . there was cereal , low quality yogurt , and burnt flavorless muffins . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
the palmer house hilton is located in the heart of the theatre , financial and shopping districts of downtown chicago . it is walking distance to museums , shopping , government and corporate buildings . the location makes it perfect for visiting chicago . the rooms are luxurious , with super comfortable beds and soft sheets . the rooms was clean and quite nice looking . the hotel ' s restaurants are amazing . the hotel would definately exceed your expectations , whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation . 
i have no idea why this is considered a four star hotel . the omni chicago ' s age shows , and not in a ' great ambiance ' way ! the rooms are dingy and just plain worn looking . i say rooms because we had to switch our original room as there was a terrible musty odor , almost like mildew , that permeated the first room we were given . seriously , it brought tears to my eyes ! the staff seemed rather indifferent to our dilemma , but finally agreed to switch us to another room . the new one didn ' t smell , but was clearly past its prime . housekeeping was almost nonexistent . we had to call them back both days of our trip to empty the trash and for towels . how can you forget to leave towels for the guests ? i ' m not one to complain , but for the kind of money we spent for a weekend here , we were expecting at least a little luxury and special treatment . we received neither and will not be returning to the omni chicago . 
i am a fan of kimpton hotels , however i have never experienced top service as i did at the hotel allegro . even before my visit , concierge mark kraemer advised us on things to see , and booked tickets in advance to second city . we were welcomed warmly on arrival , and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel . all the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience . the hotel is next to city hall , where i had some business . we had a large quiet room , and used room service-the meal came quickly , and included a a bonus fruit cup . enjoyed the pasta night ( N dollars for a three course meal ) at the N restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful , the main pasta a bit too salty . and that is the only complaint i can make-from start to finish , if you want attentive service , this is the place to be . thank you , hotel allegro , for a great stay . i can ' t wait to return . 
my wife and i frequently stay downtown for a night in the city . we have been to many hotels in the downtown chicago area . my opinion of the swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience . the swissotel has a very ' cold ' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable . the room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average . the view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel . other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more . our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at N Na which woke us up . we called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk . we also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel . they said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register . he didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment . overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment . spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off michigan avenue for real top notch service . anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area . 
at the last minute , my son and i decided to take a quick trip to chicago to see the cubs . after checking priceline i decided to book the omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel . we arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready ( i had called ahead and requested early arrival ) . the front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating . the room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel . the room was spotless and the bed was very comfortable . there was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room ! ! ! we then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch . our service was great as was the food . we also tried several restaurants around the omni-all within walking distance . the service , cleanliness and location of the omni were incredible . we will definitely go back . 
i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago , il . from the start , the experience was bad . the room was filthy , there were no towels , and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation . i will never stay there again . i could not have been more dissatisfied . 
a bunch of us got together and we had a great time in this hotel we asked for limes and they gave us like a punch bowl of them the rooms were so awesome you really have to see it to believe how extradionary this hotel is i love the decorations on every floor and being surrounded by such elegance . will definitely stay here again 
i don ' t know how this hotel ever got such high ratings from others . this hotel was for me over priced , fingerprints on the walls , stains in the bathroom , funky loud people in the hallway early in the morning , parking valet was time consuming , and same thing with the elevator . the back to the N ' s furniture is not for me , and what about the breakfast ? better to skip their protein-less stuff they had to offer . oh sure it is a hilton , woopee ! you pay for the privilege of sleeping there . saw a couple of bed bugs , but took a shower in the morning , and they seemed to wash away . i won ' t be back to hilton homewood suites again . i ' d rather stay somewhere outside the city to save money . think that i ' ll be happier as well . 
had a week long stay at the hilton on south michigan while attending a meeting . the hotel has some elegance in the lobby , meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating . i would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch . my car was misplaced during valet parking , our reservations were messed up , hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items ( room service , a new coffee pot , laundry ) that wasn ' t ours . i would not stay at this property again . there are much better places for the money in close proximity to michigan ave . it is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at faulty towers . 
friendly staff , clean building and rooms . the hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing . staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city . rooms were beautifully designed and well lit , spacious and comfortable . 
our experience at hotel monaco was wonderful . my fiancee and i stayed two nights in the tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite ! we had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room . ( except to go to the gym ) i was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room ! i was surprised by that . this hotel was the definition of ' luxury ' , they had anything we needed and more . my fiancee said we were staying at a really ' nice ' hotel but i had no idea until we walked in the door . as soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor . i have to admit , cheesy as it may sound , i felt like a queen all weekend long ) most of the time i have at least one problem with the hotel i stayed at , but i have to say at this point i have no complaints at all about hotel monaco and i will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to chicago . 
i wrote an email to the sales reservation team a week ago . . . . . . . . . i ' m still waiting for a response . all i wanted to do was book a suite for N nights but they failed to even reply with an offer . we have now booked another hotel who can be bothered to answer emails . shame you missed out , coz we tip like rockerfellers ! ! 
swissotel continues to be a yawn as previous posters state , punching in your floor is ridiculous . on the other hand , technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators ( but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me , why change ) ? in any case , i want to take a nice hot soak and--guess what--they are having water problems . . . sooooo disappointed . hopefully i don ' t get bug bitten this time ( checked under the sheets ) . sadly , due to my company ' s deal , i think i have to stay here again next year sigh . . . but so far they are batting N star . . . . -------------- oh boy , it must be my luck . . . or rather this hotel is just run down . i had to swap room four times . and that ' s for a thurs nite-sunday morning stay . my first room had no hot water so i had to switch rooms . they gave me the key to the Nnd room , which happened to be occupied . luckily the occupants had their security latch on , so there wasn ' t any embarrassing moment . my third room was fine for N nights but then today ( just now ) i had to move because of water leakage ( above my room and below my room ) . boy , talk about an awful hotel ( or my just awful luck ? ? ? ? maybe it ' s karma since i wrote a bad review last year , and continue to write one . . . but it ' s the truth ) . oh , also last year may not have been bed bugs . i have checked the room and it looks bug free but i still get these itchy patches on my leg . perhaps it is something in the sheets . . . or the air hvac . . . . in any case , despite the decent staff , it is a one at best ( N for hotel , N for the still nice service--since it ' s not their fault . . . . ) all i can say is . . . thank goodness my company won ' t hold the conference in chicago next year , or at least at this hotel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
the rooms were beautiful ! the staff was friendly and helpful . i love where the conrad in chicago was located , it seemed to be close to a lot of places i wanted to visit . chicago was great , and the conrad hotel made my family and my stay that much more exceptional ! 
we were checked into a room with empty beer bottles , dirty underwear in the closet and unclean bathroom . there was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints . we missed our show because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc . finally when i got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles especially when i had a child and a teenager with me she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience ! ! ! staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night . they kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets . i asked for two blanket , but they delivered one . i had to keep calling to get settled . i saw a comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk , who had taken the trouble of filling it out , but no one collected it or cared for it . ht . noisy rooms . can hear the doors all night . thebreakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished . i will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates ! ! 
stayed in april for two nights . i hesitated selecting the sheraton becaue i had a very poor stay there earlier this year . as far as i ' m concerned , that ' s two strikes and i won ' t give them a chance at three . doormen wouldn ' t help on arrival , huge line at c i , lousy room , malfunctioning remote , unresponsive staff , and incorrect bill . if you want to be close to michigan ave , try the westin or intercontinental and spare yourself the problems . i don ' t understand why certain places never improve . is it that tough to properly train a staff ? 
we booked our room on priceline , and got a good deal at around N per night . we stayed for the first N nights of our us trip so didnt use too many of the hotel ' s facilities the hotel is centrally located , just over the chicago river from the shops at north michigan avenue , and around a mile from navy pier our room was clean and comfortable , and on the Nth floor we had a good view of the city , and could just about see lake michigan ( though the weather was very bad ) . the layout of the room is a little peculiar , with the bed facing away from the window , but over all we have no complaints about this hotel , and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests so , pros and cons pros helpful and friendly staff clean and comfortable throughout spacious rooms large and airy public areas starbucks and gift shop in lobby cons a large hotel , so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk lobby area 
after reading the reviews getting an excellent rate through travelzoo , i decided to give this hotel a try . i must say it was a great choice ! the location is perfect , just off from n michigan ave , walking distance from everything . the staff was very helpful and friendly , and the room was excellent . they gave us a corner room w a great view . as many have posted , the bed pillows were very comfortable ( i am very picky about that ) . i slept well every night ! the renovation is almost done did not bother us one bit . i highly recommend this hotel . 
this is a great find for downtown chicago . the price is right and the staff are excellent . as noted , there is construction going on around the hotel , but i didn ' t notice any issues that disturbed sleeping . i asked for a quiet room on an upper floor , and was gladly given one . the lobby is small , the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel . the concierge , stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations ( along with a complimentary appetizer ) . we had a standard room , and it was spacious , tastefully decorated--everything we needed . the bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the mpN compatible radio was a nice perk . just can ' t say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet . would definitely stay here again . 
we got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels ' website newsletter . affinia has a great location just off michigan avenue near the water tower . beware however parking is expensive in the gold coast . . . . N night . right from the start , victor greeted us and made us feel welcome . check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous . however , it was a handicapped acessible room and i wanted a tub , so one call to the front desk and we had another room . all rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful , comfortable and well appointed . the rooftop bar is a must-do . the outside patio has heaters and candles , a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views . we didn ' t sit inside the bar area . pedro and quentin were excellent bellmen , and christopher ( concierge ) was very helpful . as we left , we shook victor ' s hand ( he ' s always there ! ) and told him we ' ve found our new chicago hotel ! 
after reading so many great reviews i booked the hotel monaco and was not disappointed . i booked through their web site about N N N months prior to arrival for N night plus tax for a room with N queens . the location was perfect - right by the river near michigan ave . - minutes walk to the el , millenium park , the theater district and shopping . the room was clean , a little larger than standard and nicely decorated . we had window seats in the room with a view of the river . there was starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening . to top it off , the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area . 
i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago during labor day weekend , huge mistake ! when i got to my room everything seemed okay , until i went into the bathroom . there was a steady drip noise coming from the bathroom sink and no matter how hard i turned the knob , it would not stop . there was none of the usual bath soap nor was it stocked with any toilet paper . it also seems that housekeeping just swept everything behind the toilet as i saw a wad of hair , and scraps of tissue behind the bowl . i called the front desk and ask them to send someone up to stock the bathroom and clean it . while i was waiting i turned on the air conditioning because it was kind of warm in there . . . . the a . c . started blowing out hot , musky air and had the room smelling horrible . i made another phone call to front desk and complained and asked them to switch my room . they told me all they had available was a double bed and it was near an elevator . i was so frustrated between the odor and the steady drip i was hearing i had no choice but to take it . when i moved to the new room , there was now a large damp spot near the window which smelled very strongly of beer and the light in my bathroom would not turn on . front desk once again sent someone to my room to fix the problems and finally N hours later , i was able to relax and settle in . hard rock is definitely not what it used to be and for that reason , i will not be staying there again . 
 if you are traveling anywhere near lake michigan within the next year or less , i would highly recommend staying at the sofitel hotel . unbeatable elegance , fine dining , and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of . along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest . if there were such a thing as a N star rating , the sofitel would surely have it . my visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort . located minutes from everything in downtown chicago , one would hardly want to leave . fine dining , dancing , and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting , or social event in town . the sofitel hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave . 
move beyond the rock theme and it ' s an average hotel with a good location . room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing . thank goodness the window opened or we ' d have been cooked alive . that of course let in all the noise from michigan ave . this combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every N seconds made for a lively setting . room was stuffy too . burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions . wife happy w aveda in bath . base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey . 
the chicago hilton is a great hotel our stay there was fantastic . the hotel is placed in the heart of the city were you can find it a easy walk to almost everything from the local colleges to the great restaurant that surround the city . the room itself was clean and the staff was fun and helpful . i can ' t really say anything bad about this place it was a great time and a great place to stay while we were there . 
i haven ' t actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service . i visit chicago quite often and usually stay at the intercontinental , but yesterday i read some online articles advertising the james hotel ' s ' cyber monday special ' . the promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website , the hotel will match that amount in ' james credits ' that can be used toward your stay . none of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits . my next trip to chicago is in april , so i thought i ' d give the james a try . i travel frequently with my pet and i ' ve heard they have a very liberal pet-policy . so today i went online and bought a N certificate . me , having the one track mind that i do , somehow missed the part about the credits expiring march N , N . i realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament . i said i couldn ' t be in chicago until april ( i ' m overseas on business until then ) , and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month , or it not , refund my gift certificate purchase . i had only just made the purchase minutes before and hadn ' t even recieved my email confirmation yet . most businesses offer a N hr grace period . the girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying ' too bad , it ' s your problem now ' . she didn ' t even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all . so now that i know this is the kind of service i can expect from the james , i might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel , or try hotel monaco . i hear they have great service and are good with pets too . 
the pictures on this website sure are deceiving ! in real life the palmer house hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be ! the cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning ! now , granted it was only N minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but i thought that was the only weird thing i would have to put up with on that trip . it wasn ' t ! they charged us for a mini-bar fee when we don ' t even drink , no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway ! they also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time , so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip . we had to spend N extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we ' d planned ! and then it wasn ' t as good because the tour guide wasn ' t there and we got lost ! my husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one . it was terrible ! i certainly won ' t be staying here again ! 
if there is ever a hotel you should stay at it is the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . this is the most beautiful hotel i have ever seen . this hotel has more than you will ever need or want . you can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste . there is a in room refreshment center , high speed internet , N inch television , coffer maker with great coffee from starbucks . you could get a suite or the presidential suite with more room than you will ever need . the room is over N square feet . it over looks the chicago river . there is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool . the sauna was just wonderful . if you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the navy pier , or art institute . when you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate . have a few drinks at the great bar , then create your own burger at the chicago burger company . the staff was very friendly and super helpful . the hotel was the cleanest i have ever seen . i will come again and again . a big thumbs up to this great hotel . 
the conrad hilton recently took over this property from the failed meridian hotel . it seems that the conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn ' t work . the entrance is very difficult to find . there are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby . as a result , there was often a line waiting for them . the same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area . if you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay , you will find the poor elevator layout annoying . the king room is what i would consider small compared to other chicago hotels . although i like modern design , the room was quite stark and cold . it was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear . the bathroom was the best part . has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk ? it was the most uncomfortable set-up i ' ve experienced . the views are non-existent for most of the rooms . in a city with amazing vistas , this was disappointing . i saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them . room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay . excellent food and high quality presentation . sorry i couldn ' t write a better review . would i stay here again ? no . chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them . 
my wife and me stayed in the amalfi hotel chicago last august in a weekend visit to chicago . the hotel is located in the N w kinzie st , in the well-known river north district . we got what the hotel promised gentle staff , a luxury room with a breathtaking view , magnificent meals and a select wine . i also used its well-equipped gymnasium . we paid N with taxes for two nights . i think it was a good price , taking in account the excellent conditions we got there . i would recommend the amalfi hotel to anybody with good taste that visits chicago . 
i stayed at the omni with a band that what in town . the room was amazing . just walking in , the hotel was gorgeous . i have no complaints . prompt room service , friendly front desk . many shops , beautiful fountin . just an all around great hotel in a great city . 
i ' d expect a ' luxury ' hotel to pay more attention to details . the room really hadn ' t been thoroughly cleaned-- i found hairballs under the bed , the mirrors were streaked , etc . the desk staff took forever to even acknowledge me when i was checking in three of them , two on the phone , and nobody even made eye contact for N minutes . then , they gave the vaguest answers to some pretty basic questions about the neighborhood you ' d think they ' d know where to find a starbucks . the internet was ridiculously slow the whole two days i was there . 
have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted . great bar ( draught stella and guinness ) which was being upgraded at the end of march when i was last there , good food , lovely staff , large clean rooms , comfortable beds , spot on location for the golden mile , joey ' s pizzas next door are fantastic . ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please . highly recommended 
i was highly disappointed with my choice to stay at the amalfi hotel in chicago . i had to travel for business at the last minute but felt lucky to get a reservation at such a highly rated hotel . the initial impression was that the desk clerk thought i was lucky that he was waiting on me . i had several questions about local attractions and he acted as though i was bothering him . i was the only customer in the lobby and he directed me to a rack of brochures located near the concierge then went back to leaning against the counter . on the plus side the room was lovely , but when i called for room service at N Npm i was told they were closed even though the menu said they served until Npm . i decided to go out rather than fight the issue . the next day the tone was the same at the pool , the bar , the restaurant etc . the staff here seems to have a general feeling that the guests are lucky enough to stay in such a chic hotel and they are more like part of the atmosphere instead of actual employees with a job to do . the only exception was the housekeeping staff . i called them for extra pillows and another blanket and they were at my door in N minutes and made to ask if there was anything else i needed before leaving . the bottom line is that i booked my room here with the intention to relax for a day or two after my business was completed but decided against it . even though the hotel was beautiful and in a nice location , the atmosphere was not inviting . i ' d rather go somewhere where i felt like my money was appreciated instead of staying somewhere that didn ' t seem to care that i was there . 
we arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel . the cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in . the second night we went earlier and it was very nice . the staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area . the rooms were modern and very clean . we will stay there again . 
i decided to book at the amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on ta . i was blown away by the reviews for the amalfi on ta and decided to check it out . i was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and i was not disappointed . i asked to be put in a quiet room because i was having an interview the next day . the room was very quiet and in a great location , but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and i could hear people running on the treadmill during the day . however , it quieted down at night and i could not hear anything . the rooms were enormous for chicago and i was pleased ! ! ! the hotel provided free breakfast which was good , free internet , and free gym access . the hotel is only a few blocks from the magnificient mile and i walked there everyday to do shopping . i have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly . i wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was . all in all , i plan to stay at the amalfi anytime i visit chicago in the future . 
i got a sunday night stay for only N off of priceline . com , so it would be hard to complain . . . but this was truly a great hotel , even if i paid double . the first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the hyatt regency chicago is wow . the lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant , plenty of couches , seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains . you take the escalator to the concierge directory check in area . the hotel let me check in at Npm ( i had a Npm check in time ) . i suggest you call ahead like i did so they know you are coming early . the women at the desk was friendly and when i requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me ' i have a room on the Nth floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view ' . i thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that i wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall . the rooms are big ( i had a doubles room ) the beds were beautiful with great pillows , blankets , headboards etc . an ipod alarm clock was a nice Nst century touch to the room . great to plug in your ipod , listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring chicago . the view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries . another great feature is the concierge area ' s computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport . you simply look at the screen , click on your airline icon and following the instructions . i had my boarding passes in about a minute . came in handy when i got to ohare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers . i was only in the hotel for N day , but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences i have had and i travel alot . it is a business hotel , but definitely a great choice for families and couples . definitely would stay here again when im passing through chicago . 
i was not pleased with my recent stay at the palmer house hilton . my room was not ready upon my arrival and the room i was given was not what i had requested . i had requested a room with N queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that . the air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off . the room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up . i wondered what had happened in the room before i got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener . there was no doorman available or a cart so i had to lug my N suitcases by myself by dragging N of them about N feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items . luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance . my room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff . they promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after N calls to the front desk i finally gave up . i had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that i spent to stay there . 
this is one of my favorite sheratons starwood properties . i have stayed at a lot of hotels ( mostly starwood ) in chi but all around , this is my favorite based on cost , amenities and downtown location . i really like it beginning with unloading the taxi because i am greeted by nick who has been there for years . he gives the best greeting from la to ny and is always happy ! he obviously loves his job . people at the front desk are always nice and efficient . if you like to workout , roberta runs their fitness center . another one who loves their job and serves guests well . great lake river view while working out . on this particular trip i was caught in a pinch however , christy the former mgr was able to take care of a frequent guest . i considered it a ' minor miracle ' based on hotel availability . the maids on Nth floor were very friendly and efficient . another great experience . 
since this was our first visit to the ' windy city , ' we wanted to stay somewhere that was central and unique . we read many great reviews regarding the kimpton brand so we gave it a go . the ' go ' ended up being a ' no go . ' we were sorely disappointed . when we arrived the ladies at the front desk were very nice . we have two kids with us , so we needed a crib for our N month baby . we were told ' no problem . ' unfortunately , it took them about N or N hours to get us the crib and we were in a lurch as to what to do next . then , we noticed a bug ( or bugs ) near the fridge area . yikes ! we called downstairs to complain and to be switched to a different room ( or floor ! ) . our request was met about N minutes later . by this time , we were so tired from the flight and the first impressions , we almost wanted to throw the towel in . customer service was so lacking ! we wanted to get settled and go grab a bit in the city , but had to wait around for our new room and the crib . this is not what we expected at all for this high price ! will have to think hard before we book with a kimpton hotel again . 
after arriving at the sofitel chicago water tower hotel i was greeted with rudeness and snubery . my room reservations had been double booked , and instead of the suite i expected , i was given a much smaller guest room . instead of having a concierge i had cockroaches . the dining left me wishing for fast food . the bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer . 
swissotel was the cleanest hotel i have ever stayed in ! the room and bathroom were quite large for downtown chicago . the pool and hot tub were also very nice . i would definately recommend this hotel . we didn ' t hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city . it is in a great location - walking distance to millenium park , the loop and michigan ave . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is one of the worse hotels i have stayed in . everything from the lobby to the staff to the room experience was horrible . as i walked in to the lobby , the lobby had a fowl smell , similar to rotten eggs . the staff wasn ' t much better , especially room service , where it took over N minutes just to make my request for more towels . the baggage handlers gave me rude service and when checking in or out , they almost just refuse to provide service . the room i stayed in was ill maintained and looked like nothing like in the pictures . the windows were dirty and i couldn ' t see anything outside the window . the room smelled like someone soiled the room and there were ants crawling on the tabletops . if i had to give any suggestion on this hotel , you should just avoid this hotel all together . even a cheap motel has better standards than this hotel . 
me , my sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of N . . . they said there all spacious suites . . . yeah right . . . our room you could barely walk in . . . and they said theres N double beds . . . yeah well one was a pull out couch . . . and the bathroom . . . tiny tiny tiny . . . and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room . . . yeah . . . i wouldnt stay here again 
the hilton chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel . there are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from king with two bathrooms , lakeside view or suites . it only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill . you will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return ! the staff is nice but when i stay at a hotel i do not go out of my way to seek out the staff . the casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap . next time i stay in chicago i will be looking elsewhere . 
the good - excellent location , neighborhood is pretty and quiet , close to shops , restaurants , the waterfront , close to train subway station , etc the bad - very old decor , which isn ' t a big deal , but the tv was smaller than my pc monitor . we were supposed to have a king bed ( anniversary trip ) we were given two double beds and told we would be switched - that never happened . the shower tub was stopped up so bad that after i showered my husband waited over one hour for the tub to drain before he could shower . who wants to shower in someone else ' s dirty water even if it is your wife . the indifferent - room was a decent size , bed linens were okay , staff was mediocre to marginally rude 
after staying at the sheraton royal orchid hotel in bangkok , i was expecting a similar experience at the chicago sheraton . i had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience . unfortunately , my expectations were not met . for the past N years i stayed at the palmer house in the loop , but thought i ' d try a more modern hotel . pros - location by the chicago river , two blocks from michigan avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes , crepes and french toast cons - check-in assigned me to a city view room when i had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good , but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive bathtub-shower combination worn plumbing fixtures only N sets of towels provided - guest room was small only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - N to N block walk to nearest l-station - concierge couldn ' t explain how to get to the mercury theatre , nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the link cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the link cafe where boarding passes can be printed 
on our visit to chicago , we chose the hyatt due to its location in downtown , within walking distance to most major attractions , such as sears tower , magnificent mile , grant millenium parks , etc . subway bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . overall the hotel was very nice , clean , and at a great location . was in a safe area . went to beautiful wrigley field and soldier field and saw both teams play . i love chicago and would defenitely stay here again ! 
we were greeted by staff with excellent customer service skills . our room was such a pleasant surprise , from the flat screen tv , the full size shower with rain showerhead hand held shower wand , the wall attached toilet with flushing options ( on the wall ) , the comfortable bed , the lovely lighting options , etc . . the size of the room was snug , and very comfortable , as would be , in a historic hotel . it was also quiet , and i know that the hotel was sold out . my sister was in the room next door . we did not hear her tv . we also loved walking less than a block , to the shopping and restaurants on north michigan avenue . 
i stayed for just one nite at the sheraton hotel and towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other ta posters but i was not let down . i got the room via pl N and was first placed in a room on the Nth floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot . since i had nothing to lose , i asked to be moved to a ' room with a view ' . the front desk attendant ( rasheeda ) wanted to make sure that the room i had at first was clean and was in order and i assured her that it was . she then moved me up to the Nth floor with ease and it took about N minute . i was quite surprised as i have heard that they treat pl and hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers . the new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the navy pier , a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of lake michigan . all this for N ? yep ! i skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious ! the room was comfy , had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location . i didnt use it since i wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk . the bed and pillows were very comfy , but i awoke at about N in the morning sweating from the comfy but very warm and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed . this was a great deal for the price and i would absolutely stay here again . 
after leaving some important documents in the room , i called and asked for the lost and found department . . . seven times over the course of a week . eventually i had enough and asked for a manager and was put on hold then disconnected . finally , a deceivingly friendly operator promised me she would have someone call me back in a few minutes , it never happened . so avoid this place because after they rip you off once they ' ll keep doing it later . they cannot be trusted at their word 
sometimes you just can ' t find fault with a hotel , even if you tried . such was the case with sofitel , where we ' d never stayed before . it ' s a sleek , modern , sophisticated hotel with european touches . we spent three days there on a leisure weekend , we had a Nth floor king room looking directly at the hancock building , at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about N a night . the room was average sized , well-appointed , everything in it worked , and it had a fabulous view of the chicago high-rise jungle , including snippets of the lake . the public areas were wonderfully decorated . the restaurant served a good breakfast at , for chicago , reasonable prices . the staff was excellent . my wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches . the staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her . 
for a hotel that touts its luxury location in chicago the talbot is very poor ( think motel N at a hilton price ) . carpet is threadbare and the walls are paper thin . they are so worried about the mini-bar they constantly do these random room checks , so privacy and sleeping in are unheard of . for the prices they charge ( N . average price for two people ) . it seems like the money spent on remodeling the exquisite lobby , which was happening while i stayed , could have been better spent on better insulation and more up-to-date furnishings for the guest rooms . but i guess the talbot is more concerned with first impressions than they are returning guests , which i won ' t be . 
i was recently a guest at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers and was immensely dissatisfied . i arrived to find that they had ' lost ' my reservation . they told me they were booked solid even though i had produced my copy of the reservation confirmation . after nearly an hour of arguing with the front desk clerk she finally asked for the hotel manager to step in . he was almost helpful . he searched the database and found that there was a ' cancellation ' however , it was not for the type of room i had reserved . i had asked for a suite as i was going to be staying in the hotel for several days . i was given a box with a bed in it . they made no apologies for losing my reservation and offered no alternate compensation . unfortunately , i was in town for a conference and everyone in the area was completely booked . i had no choice but to accept what they had offered . i begrudgingly accepted this with the intention of contacting the corporate office and posting my review here . do not stay in this hotel they will not help you with anything , even if it was their error . 
this hotel was chosen by my husband ' s company as the family came along for the business trip . the location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the Nth floor . my first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean . the lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance , but was otherwise ok . lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long . seemed like only N elevators were working out of the N that were there . i had read from another reviewer to join the fairmont president ' s club and wi-fi in the room would be free . we signed up for the club , but were puzzled as to why they don ' t just offer everyone free wi-fi . parking fees were exorbitant at N night , but thankfully the company was paying for this . we were able to walk to millennium park and navy pier from our hotel . the hotel is not kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities . there is no swimming pool , but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the swissotel next door ( there is an underground tunnel that connects the fairmont there ) . we loved the swissotel ' s pool on the Nnd floor . fantastic views from the pool ! although the beds were comfortable , my daughter and i were both victims of bed bugs during our stay . unfortunately we didn ' t know until the next day after we returned home . apparently bed bug bites can take up to N days to appear . my daughter and i both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips . the bites made you want to claw your skin off ! my husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all . beware of room N -- bed nearest the bathroom ! ! ! i will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on . . . . 
my daughter and i woke in the morning wanting to go swimming . when we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum . i then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool , one white phone and one emergency red phone , to call the desk . both were out of service ! ! ! ! i am glad there wasn ' t an emergency . as we were exited the pool area i ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean . . . . never heard back . one more thing , in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table . within N minutes my N year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding . they need to update this piece of furniture . 
i wouldn ' t know how to begin to write something negative about the millenium knickerbocker hotel in chicago . everything about this hotel is fantastic from the outside of the building to the hotel lobby all the way to the rooms . with very clean and plush rooms , this is the place to stay ! when you are not at the hotel eating at the elegant dining area or having a great breakfast first thing in the morning , there is plenty to do around the town . take a shopping spree down michigan ave or head to one of the museums or the pier to look around . whatever you decide to do , you can ' t go wrong . this place is wonderful ! 
my family and i went to this hotel on holiday last month . it was a very bad hotel . when we got there we imediatly checked in and went up to our room . the view from the window was a brick wall . really ? we even asked the lasy at the front desk , but she said they couldn ' t put us in a room with a view cause we didn ' t book one and we couldn ' t upgrade . also , my wife is a light sleeper and the trains kept her up at night . another thing is alot of ads boast a hot tub in all the rooms but this is not true , our room only had a normal tub . but , the tub had no stopper , so we could only take showers . the room was also very small compared to other hotels with around the same prices . 
the amalfi hotel in chicago was by far one of the best experiences i ' ve had . it definitely felt as comfortable as home with the all the luxuriance of a five star establishment . i had forgotten my favorite cd that puts me to sleep each night . when mentioning this in front of the front desk clerk , she told me that they have a huge collection of cd ' s available for guests . low and behold , they had my favorite cd ! ! also , my laptop was not cooperating . come to find out , they offer every guest full access to their amazing and fully functional business center ! from now on , when visiting chicago , i will only be staying at the amalfi hotel ! 
my stay at the omni chicago hotel was wonderful ! i had a last minute business trip , in downtown chicago , and this is the first place i looked at . i looked at the pictures they show online of the rooms , and the facility itself , and i simply fell in love with the place . the indoor pool , outdoor sun decks , massages , this place really has all you could possibly need , whether you ' re on vacation , or needing a little stress relieved from a busy week . i mean they even have high speed wireless internet ! i would definitely recommend the omni chicago hotel , if you want a great place to stay near downtown chicago ! 
we stayed here in january when it was -N . but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back . chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay , period . now we stayed from the N N N to N N N and enjoyed every day . ( p . s . the weather was in the high Ns ) . to get back to the hotel , it was fantastic , it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city . two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son . full kitchen , ( laundry on Nth floor ) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance , everything within walking distance . you wont need a car and at N for valet parking you wont want one . dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed . oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done . its a no brainer book now . p . s . theres also a beach within walking distance 
i was in chicago for a convention and stayed at the sheraton towers . i had a negative experience because i got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso . it made attending the conference uncomfortable . the staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room , as the conference had booked the whole hotel . after the sheets were changed , i got no more bites , thankfully . despite this , i managed to enjoy the stay . i liked the location next to the river , and the fact that it was easy to walk to magnificent mile . 
stay away from this hotel . a few months back me and my wife decided to get out and have a nice pampered away from home weekend . looking at different options for this weekend we decided to go with the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . they claim ' experience the extraordinary ' and this sounded great . when we arrived at hotel we were met buy a closed front door and nobody to help with bags . the front desk clerk explained that our room was not yet ready and to goto the bar for some complemenatry drinks . after waiting N hours for our room we finally can start to relax . well upon entering room the smell of something horrible is overwhelming . the front desk informed us there was no other rooms and they would bring up some air freshner . we packed our bags and headed over to ' x ' hotel and were able to get to our pampered weekend away from home . 
great location and quality place to stay . lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great . staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars . coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality . the hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room ( compliments of the hotel ) for me this showed that they care about their guests many thanks to all it was a great place to stay . 
my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york . the room was very spacious and clean , the bed was huge and extremely comfortable . i really liked the aveda bathroom products , great smell . we had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot . compliments to the chef . the concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to navy pier , directions were given to us accompanied by a map . the weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show , this was spectacular . the whole of the last day of the show we spent at navy pier and the millenium park . location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping . if we are ever in chicago again we will definately stay here . 
this was a weekend trip for my friends and i . we booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way . our rooms were right next to one another as requested . as it was almost everyone ' s first time to chicago , we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel . and , our choice was next to perfect . i had an amazing time during my first visit to chicago and it was largely due to this hotel . the customer service was amazing . everyone was extremely nice and helpful . one of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a N star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at N pm , and delicious . my friend suggested they had a full-staff at N am because the food came up quickly too . in another of our rooms , housekeeping had accidentally discarded a cd when replacing the cd player with an ipod dock . the concierge had the exact cd purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store . our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic ! everything was freshly made in their kitchen too . an added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall . therefore , you don ' t need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes , a coffee , or a some other type of trinket . i was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation . 
the location of this hotel was superb ! our room was spacious and the view was spectacular . the staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect . one of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter . we will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same . 
as a frequent traveler for work , i stay at many spg properties . compared to all the spg property in chicago , this is by far the worst . why ? N ) they charge you to use the gym . N per day or something like N for your entire stay . i can ' t even begin on what a rip off that is . N ) as a gold or platinum member , you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room . they do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one . N ) they do not have wireless internet . it is N- enough said . to charge you at least over N a night , all the above amenities should be built into that cost . i would never stay here again . 
my family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early august . we were promised a room with two double beds . when we arrived ( earlier than most ) we were told they were N double beds short . we reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed . we had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a N year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away . little did we know we were being charged a daily fee for this bed . the managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel . the bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night . the managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating . we were so disappointed in this hotel . also , they do not have a pool here . if you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay N a day to use it . N for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous . do yourself a favor , if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise , go elsewhere . chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one . i never heard back from managment on this issue when i called and emailed so obviously they don ' t care , even when i told them i ' d write a review on this website . chicago is an awesome city though . we loved it ! 
i stayed there on october N , N . when i pulled the covers of my bed , there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice , which was either a bed bug or cockroach . i trapped it under a glass ( see the attached pictures ) and called the front desk . the housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach . absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem , failing to follow through on promises they made to me . setting aside the bug problem , i caution that the windows are quite thin . we could hear a lot of the street noise , which made for a hard night ' s sleep , not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms . for N a night after tax , i strongly encourage you to check for alternatives . 
awesome hotel , our room overlooked michigan ave and we could see the river . very stylish , trendy room and hotel . lacked a bit in amenities ( pool , etc ) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel . booked it thought hotwire for N which was awesome value . 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers on a recent trip to chicago , and had a great stay . the rooms were beautiful , the beds comfortable , and the views of the city were fantastic . my room overlooked the river and the city . i felt like i was on a luxury vacation . the hotel has a few different restaurants . i ate at the chicago burger company , which was delicious . the burgers were juicy , and the prices were great . the indoor pool was a great way for me to relax and entertain the kids in between sightseeing activities . overall , i had a wonderful stay . 
i recently stayed at this hotel with my family ( N-N N-N ) . we had a terrific experience . i landed the hotel through priceline for N per night and paid an additional N per night for a suite on the Nst floor . my two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the Nnd floor was easily accessible . i found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating . i would love to stay here again . 
i have to say that the hard rock hotel in chicago is a cool place to stay . when i first got there , getting checked in was very fast . the lady at the counter was nice and well spoken . the bellhop had out bags into the room very fast . the room was very hip and cool . there was musical items all over the place . i really loved the beatles art that was in my bathroom . after being in the room a few minutes , i got a call from the front desk asking me if i liked my room . they also asked me if i would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if i needed to use their business room . i needed some things shipped while i was there , which they had supplies to help me with that . after getting some work done , i called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around . they gave me information for N awesome places . i left and came back after having a night out on the town . they were very understanding that i was a wee bit out of it . i had more than pizza that night if you get my drift . when i got back to my room , the bed was so comfortable . i feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep . in the morning i order breakfast , which was really a philly cheese steak . they will make anything you want anytime of day . i checked out by Nam with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed . thank you hard rock , you rock ! 
recently stayed at the james chicago and will not be returning anytime soon . the staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous . also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests . there wasn ' t enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely . ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment . 
my family chose to stay at the chicago hilton during our last trip to the city . we wanted something luxurious and centrally-located without having to pay exorbitant prices . i can honestly say we made an excellent decision in picking the hilton . the staff treated us well , the rooms were clean and roomy ( we loved the serenity beds ) , and the hotel itself is stunning . it was like stepping back in time . we loved that the chicago hilton was close to numerous attractions . the weather was lovely , so it was great to walk to navy pier , sears tower , and the adler planetarium . we will definitely stay at the hilton the next time we are in chicago . 
i booked this hotel on priceline for N N , and a week later called the hotel directly to add N N to our stay . the receptionist confirmed my reservation confirmation and gave me a lower rate for both nights for the same king suite . when we arrived at check-in , there was no record of my N N reservation whatsoever . the hotel was also fully booked , leaving my tired , hungry family and i high and dry with nowhere to go . the only decent thing that happened with this whole debacle was that lisa at the check-in desk called around to several other hotels close-by to find us a room , and seemed to be the only employee working at a very busy time of evening . we ended up at embassy suites for both nights and had a very pleasant experience there . 
my husband and i made a reservation at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers , for a much needed weekend getaway . we took off work early friday to beat traffic . once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking . we drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel . upon checking in we were informed that the floor , where our room was located , was in the process of having the carpets cleaned . we decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation . we took the elevator , which smelled like urine , up to our room . we did see some carpet cleaning machines , unattended , in the hallway . i hoped for the sake of safety , no children were staying on this floor . we walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine . the overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us . we called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms . he rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings . just then , the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and i could not hear anything else my husband said . we decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel . it was an awful experience . 
i just returned from a long weekend in chicago with my wife . we stayed at the affinia hotel and i can ' t even begin to describe what an awful experience it was . when we arrived at Npm on thursday ( check-in is Npm ) , our room was not ready . we had to wait til almost Npm before we could even get into the room . once inside the room smelled like an ash tray . obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room . we decided to just go out for an early dinner . after arriving back to our room around Npm , our key didn ' t work . we had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one . the next morning the maids started knocking on our door at N N in the morning ! why would you try to clean the room that early ? ? ! ! the ' do not disturb ' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay . after that early wakeup , we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned . the front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when i asked . eventually we did get a new room but i didn ' t enjoy the demeanor i encountered to do so . our new room was fairly nice , and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful , but i have a bad taste in my mouth and likely won ' t stay there again . 
we recently completed our second stay at the fairmont chicago . the check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure . that is fine when i am traveling on business , but on leisure trips i would appreciate a warmer greeting . the hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay , but other than seeing some signage attendees in the lobby , we wouldn ' t have noticed . this is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the N speedy elevators . we stayed in a parkview suite so we had a large room with a great view of millenium park . the anteroom was well appointed with a sofa , coffee table , desk , mini-bar with sink and coffee maker , and dining area . the bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard fairmont room , but maybe slightly larger . the bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard fairmont room , and once again , possibly slightly larger . the upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious , and several small touches such as a shoe shine station ( with extra collar tabs ) , are peppered throughout . we booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled . the hotel restaurant , aria , couldn ' t find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us . they had no problem seating us and the dinner ( both food and service ) was lovely . minor complaints the pillows could be better . i ' m not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit , but seriously , these things barely felt like pillows . i ' ll suffer through some congestion if i can get better neck support . also , the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car ( and charge you N ) . and as i mentioned above , the front desk experience could be improved . best feature after our first stay , i gave a brief review in the comments section of the fairmont president ' s club ( membership is free ) website . i received a phone call from the director of rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience . after this stay , i left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay , but still received a warm , friendly phone call from the director of rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay . kudos to the fairmont for taking its customers seriously , and for that , they ' ve won my loyalty . 
i selected the talbott after N hrs comparing hotels online . we have had wonderful experiences with boutiques ( monaco , allegro ) and assumed this would be comparable . good points the lobby is beautiful , and one staff member took roses i bought for my wife and arranged them nicely . the many problems when my wife called with a question on our arrival day , the agent could find no reservation -- N mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly . when we arrived , the lobby was stuffed with students nobody tried to manage the group , several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk . we left our bags and went out for N hrs so we could check in with less hassle . we finally were checked in , after waiting N mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms . when we got there , our room had not been made up from the last guest . when we complained , we were given an ' upgrade ' to a room that was old and uninspired . chairs are scuffed , closet shelves are bowed , the air conditioner is noisy , and a wall lamp is loose . the view is of a construction site . movies-on-demand are dated . we expect this from a budget hotel , not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale . when we returned after an evening out , the card reader to open the main doors did not work . one staff member admonished us ( really ) for not using the reader , when in fact we had tried . this was embarrassing , as others were standing in the lobby . i tried to access the hotel ' s wifi network , but was only given a N . N upgrade option . i called the desk , and was told to ' click past it ' , which of course did nothing . it wasn ' t until N hrs later the complimentary access worked . we are pretty easygoing we love good treatment and tip handsomely . if we had only Nor N problems , we wouldn ' t write . in fact , we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right . the president wrote a letter , and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch . . . nobody ever was . 
i ' m a frequent business traveler and often in chicago on trips . at times , it ' s very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown chicago , and this was one of those times . i recently had to pay almost N for one night at the allegro . it was absolutely not worth it . the hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers , so check-in and check-out were very slow . there were very few elevators , which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests . the morning i checked out , our elevator stopped at every single floor from the Nth floor down to the lobby , but the elevator was almost completely full when i got on at the Nth floor , so i can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs . the room was extremely small and cramped , even though it had obviously been renovated recently . the tv , bed , and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel . still , the rate was way overpriced for such a small room . the best thing about the allegro was the room service , which was prompt . the food was good , and the prices were very reasonable for room service . from now on , if my regular hotels are booked , i ' ll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just isn ' t worth it . 
i was not at all impressed with my stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago . checking in there were two people ahead of me but apparently that takes the N ( one ! ! ) front desk agent N minutes to process . both guests had issues with their rooms regarding , it seemed , wrong room types and being out of the room type requested . i was nervous about my own reservation and , sure enough , my superior corner room wasn ' t available . the hotel tried to compensate me with complimentary breakfast and drinks at the bar but it is still annoying to reserve a room type and not have it be available . i was also annoyed that every little thing has an upcharge at the hotel . want internet ? upcharge . want extra pillows ? upcharge . extra coffee for the room ? upcharge . bad enough to get that treatment on the airline ride over but to have a hotel nickle and dime you is very annoying and aggravating . i won ' t be back and would strongly recommend other travelers to beware before booking . 
let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take N-N trips for pleasure on a yearly basis ( not including our business travel ) . we ' ve traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail . we were not at all impressed by this hotel . at N night we were expecting a decent , clean hotel but obviously not a N . we were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given ( N ) . the paint wallpaper tub were peeling , there was hair in both the tub toilet when we got to the room , the internet service was extremely slow , the toilet ran throughout the night , and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in . we told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was ' i know , we can ' t wait for our renovations . ' if it hadn ' t been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the uk booked into this hotel by a travel agent , we would have checked out as soon as we checked in . let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in check-out process was painfully slow . all we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly responsive door staff . in its day this was likely a lovely hotel but it is in dire need of a renovation . despite its location i cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience . we would never book at this hotel again . 
hotel monaco is a luxurious hotel situated in the heart of chicago . it is blooming with historical elegance combined with modern day amenities . i had the pleasant experience of staying at this facility . perfectly set up to handle any business traveler , sight seer , convention , wedding or shopper . they offer top notch service from reservations to wedding planning or even asking for a good local restaurant . i noticed that world travelers are welcome here with some of the employees ability to speak foreign languages . guest rooms offer stylish charm and can relax even the unrelaxable . in room spa ' s and top notch room service is second to none . the south water kitchen is a true downtown chicago restaurant offering mid-west american dishes and several signature cocktails . i know that anytime i visit chicago , hotel monaco is my place to be . 
the omni chicago hotel is not pretty as they advertise it . first of all , it really difficult to get there because its located in down town chicago and they fail to mention that the traffic is a nightmare . if you finally make to the hotel you have to wait like N minutes for the front desk to take care of you . when i arrived there was one person at the desk and a few people checking in , and i thought the wait time was ridiculous . to make matters worse , i need internet connection and the day i was there they had technical problems and the internet was not working in my room . two hours later they managed it get to work , the connection was still very slow . for my part , the hotel might look nice but services is did not meet my expectations . i was disappointed and will never stay there again , if i go back to chicago . if was rating it , i would give it N N star out of N . 
the sofitel water tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our Nth anniversary weekend trip to chicago . we got married in the city but then moved away , and it was so romantic to return . we loved how near the sofitel was to everything - the magnificent mile was just outside our door , and we could walk to navy pier and other attractions as well . chicago has changed , but the sofitel made it feel like home again . . . except a very plush and elegant version of home ! we stayed in a junior suite , which had great views of the city , and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived . both nights before leaving for supper , we had a cocktail in le bar and enjoyed talking about what we ' d done during the day , and all the great memories this town has for us . but i have to say we have some new great memories now , thanks to the sofitel water tower ! 
although much too overpriced in my opinion , the hotel is spotless . the staff was very courteous . and the spa service ? was a god send ! in a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so i didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! love it ! going back for my anniversary 
the lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in . the only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed . when we got to our room , we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room . i am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable . the walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us . when we went to breakfast , we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived . for the price they were charging , the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere . it also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car . for forty dollars a day for parking , we expected better . 
i stayed at the talbott twice in the last few weeks . i was very pleased with every facet of my stays . the staff , from doormen to front desk , to concierge , to housekeeping , were wonderful . the rooms were nicely sized and clean , and well stocked . i will return to the talbott anytime ! 
recently i traveled to chicago for business . i was treated to a stay at the intercontinental chicago by my employer . it truly says something about your company when they are willing to go the extra mile to make time away from family and friends as comfortable and as relaxing as possible for you . i was greeted by a series of smiling faces that were employed at the hotel and all were eager to help . i checked in at the amazingly lavish lobby and was escorted by hotel staff who assisted me with my bags up to my room . my room was dripping with taste . the stylish room was only made more accommodating by the amenities it offered . with a mini-bar , large flat-screen television , and an entire home office setup , i barely had to leave the room . why would i want to with the amazing views of the lake and entire city . what an amazing experience i had and i will gladly come back . 
i stayed here for N nights last summer . i booked the reservation on priceline for N night which was the cheapest rate i could find anywhere during a convention week . anyway , when i arrived at N pm from the airport , i was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me . they booked me at a dumpy N star motel by the airport . they gave me N for a taxi to get there , and it cost me N . i was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing unpacking . the millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up . no free drink , no room upgrade , nothing . since i booked on the internet , i was chopped liver . beware . 
spent two nights at the intercontinental on a business trip . this is a tremendous , towering hotel in one of the best locations in chicago -- right on the magnificent mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area . my room was in the historic tower -- a Ns masonic club which has been converted at enormous expense . the effort has been worthwhile . my room was very large and well furnished , with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle . it had breathtaking views down michigan avenue . there is a superb recreation centre ( with an impressive swimming pool ) beautiful bars and a good restaurant , zest , that serves a great breakfast . there is wifi in the rooms ( N . N per day ) and tea and coffee making facilities . no trouser press , but there is an ironing board and iron . the staff is friendly and anxious to please . i recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms . it ' s expensive , but it will be difficult to find a better one in chicago . 
i think the sofitel chicago water tower is a upscale place . i had my wedding there and it was the best of the best . the staff was so helpful and made me feel confident that my wedding would be a success . the chef prepared a lavish sit down dinner with appetizers and desserts . they also had a wonderful pastry chef who baked my wedding cake . the tables were decorated in very good taste and could not be more perfect . the bar was also set up the way i wanted it and even had a champagne fountain . my guests had a wonderful experience with their stay at the hotel and felt pampered . the rooms were like suites with a mini bar . they had terry cloth bathrobes in each bathroom . if you are looking to have a wedding in the chicago area look into having it here you will not be disappointed ! 
if location is the only thing that matters , stay at the talbott . however , my wife and i have travelled extensively throughout north america and europe , and i have never , in my entire life , seen such an inept housekeeping staff . they are unprofessional , noisy , incompetent and better suited for a one star hotel . they were yelling in the halls , slamming doors , and taking far too long to clean each room . they come to your room several times to check the fridge where they sell bottles of water for N . the hotel was being renovated when we were staying there so we also had to endure the construction work - no discount was offered even after we complained several times . the front desk staff was very polite , but who cares ? they ' re supposed to be nice . i spent a lot of money to stay here and did not feel that i received a fair deal . the room was sub-par for the price , even for an inner city hotel . stay somewhere else and have a better vacation . 
this was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby . however , when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy . our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty . wireless internet is available , but that ' s an additional fee . are you kidding ? even the roach motel offers wireless for free ! also , the fitness room was available for only N per day . wow , i thought the room rate was enough to cover that . when i used the coffee supplies in the room , they were not replenished . i called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn ' t housekeeping ' s area but they would send some up . no kidding , nearly N minutes later i got the cream and sugar ! glad i wasn ' t in a big hurry . i ' ll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time i ' m in chicago ! 
we stayed in the conrad for N nights just before thanksgiving . we had a corner room overlooking n michigan av and the tribune building . to say this is a N star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful . the staff were unbelievably helpful . the standard of the room was superb - hd plasma screens , luxury bedlinens , ipod radio , huge bathroom . location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole light festival parade from the window . breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service . would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - N out of N . 
if you want the downtown experience of a lifetime , with historical living that will bring you back to chicago in the early N ' s look no further , the dining experience is as comfortable as the stay , service is immaculate , and just as you think things couldn ' t get any better , you are only a walk away from one of the most exciting cities in america chicago with fine dining and a late night rendezvous as exciting as the nightlife , you are sure to have your excitement whims met , and walk away with the memory of a lifetime . believe me i did . valued customer , josh 
the hotel is beautiful . it is an excellent location . there was a few minor issues . the hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd . there were charges for almost everything , although i did not incur any of these . our room was a little small for the class of hotel , but not overwhelmingly small . not a true complaint , but the elevators were very slow . my comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip , and the intercontinental ' s were significantly slower . that ' s it , no more little nit picks . the staff was excellent , the doormen being the highlight . the hotel bar was also very nice . the hotel was immaculately clean . i would definitely travel to this hotel again . 
great hotel ! went to see the museum of contemporary art which was great , but this hotel almost had it beat ! the rooms ( and even halls ) are very beautifully done . great service too . a 
the talbott hotel is fantastic ! i stayed there on business and found that it met my every need . the high speed internet access worked flawlessly allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room . i really like to exercise before a day of meetings access to the fitness club next door was very convenient . last point i work for a green consulting firm out of l . a . and the hotel ' s environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission . guilt free luxury ! 
i loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities . great location , as it ' s so close to both lakeshore and city . chicago is such a walkable city , so this was a superb base . the staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient . the room was wonderful - very , very comfortable and exceptionally clean . great chair . great coffee . lovely bathroom with a huge , absolutely fantastic shower . it was also extremely quiet . that , and the best bed ever , meant i slept so well and since i was there for a week , that was very important to me . yummy martinis at the martini bar . i will most definitley be back ! 
the lobby of the homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room ( actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up ) . the odors from the kitchen were disgusting , and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen ( i . e . hospital ) . the free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable . i suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were , that makes this hotel a good value . but i would not stay here again . 
i was on a business trip to chicago a while back and i had the unfortunate luck of staying at the intercontinental chicago hotel . i say unfortunate , because from the first moment i walked in my experience was poor . the front desk made me wait a very long time and i had to resolve an issue with my reservation . my receptionist had made the reservation and the room should have already been on or company account but they were insisting that i supply a personal credit card for the room . i understand their precautions but i travel a lot and usually do not encounter this situation . once that was all taken care of ( several phone calls later ) i was taken up to my room . it was nice and i was glad to finally be there , but the bell hope was very short with me and was very quick to throw out his hand asking for a tip , even though he had done nothing but groaned the entire time he was taking me to my room . i was very happy i only had to stay there two night because after my run in with the front desk i got the impression that no one wanted to deal with me . i will hopefully not be staying there again , and will suggest that it be avoided by all . 
my experience with the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel was terrible ! i arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour . i chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed i sat for N minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink i received was warm . when the room was finally ready i was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding . when i called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom . after all this hassle i would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered i found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee N . N for a N hour period . i was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels i have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access . overall i was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel any time soon . 
what a gorgeous hotel ! from the moment we stepped inside the warm colors of the lobby made us feel welcome at the sheraton and in chicago . the heavenly beds made the view from our room that much better , and to top it off with great restaurants , you couldn ' t ask a hotel for more ! starbucks coffee in the rooms were just an extra touch that guarantees we ' ll be back every time we visit chicago . 
recently stayed at the intercontinental chicago magnificent mile and was a little underwhelmed . it ' s convenient location did not compensate for the fact that the property is very old and definitely in need of some updating and renovating . there is a definite need for some noise control -- everything and everybody could be heard from inside the room . hearing the plumbing from other guests ' rooms was particularly annoying . the fitness facilities are really hyped but unfortunately they were not free to use ( at least it wasn ' t included with my booking choice ) . parking was pretty expensive so if you really don ' t need it , don ' t use it . overall , just dissappointed that the great location wasn ' t matched with great accommodations . 
the atmosphere at this hotel is truly remarkable it has a very modern feel . the rooms were very well designed , and the beds are not your average hotel room beds by any means . the pillow top beds made an already relaxed and comfortable stay that much more enjoyable . 
no bell boys there when you need them , sully staff , no smiles at all in this place . had to wait N min for my luggage and was never greeted by any of the staff . boy , sure is a lousy fairmont compared to the one in sf . never here again ! 
we stayed at this hotel with our two teenage daughters duing a part business , part family fun trip in july . we were very impressed with the location , within walking distance to great restraunts and shopping , inlcuding water tower place ( a great mall ! ) . we were quite disappointed with the room cleanlinees and size . the bedspreads were filthy and so thin . the room decor is in dire need of an upgreade . the bathroom had no fan and it really smelled badly of mold and mildew . the shower actually had mold in the corners ! this was a very tight squeese for N people . especially the bathroom . the beds and pillows were quite uncomfortable . even the elevators were tiny and could barely fit N people ! thank goodness there were a few elevators . luckily we booked this room on priceline and would have never paid full price . the only upside was the great location . also beware- its cheaper to take a taxi to the airport than the airport shuttle ! millenium promotes the airport shuttle but take a cab ! 
i have traveled to chicago many times for business , and so i have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons . there was nothing dramatically wrong the sheraton , but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel . it almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs . the carpets were old , there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom , towels and linens were older than i expected , the rooms were in need of some redecorating , etc . during the week i was paying N per night for a room , and it simply was not near the quality i expected for that price . one positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good . plenty of aerobic machines with tvs , weights , etc . location is also quite good ( perhaps the reason for the high price ) with close walks to michigan avenue and the river . in summary , i think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown chicago . 
just got back from N days up in chicago shopping with girlfriends . first time i have stayed at the omni . i did so because i saw a N . N rate that included N . N of free food on travelzoo . the three of us ( N year olds ) all stayed in one suite with N double beds and a very comfortable pull out sofa . we had plenty of room . food in the restaurant was great , service was outstanding from everone we came into contact with , early morning delivery of free coffee , juice and hot chocolate was fabulous and recommendations from the staff on where to eat , time of movies , shopping areas , etc was really helpful . need i mention the outstanding location ? simply the best ! we all decided that the omni is our new favorite hotel . 
our check-in was great , but then we got into our room . the carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower ( open concept ) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it . the mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room . our final hotel bill reflected N charges that were incorrect . . . . N for the mini bar which we did not utilize , and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ( N instead of N ) . when my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected , he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee . it was adjusted , but not without confrontation . there was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same ' mysterious ' mini bar charge on her bill as well , and was trying to have it corrected . overall , the location of the hard rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one , 
i have to thank the ambassador east hotel for providing a really great experience for my family . we never leave our dog at home when we travel , and it ' s been a long time since we ' ve been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets . the staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques . my husband liked the fitness room . it was nice and clean , with plenty of extra towels available . it was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water , but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves . we will definitely be staying here next time we visit chicago . we would make the trip just to stay here . that ' s how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel . 
i went to stay in the millenium hotel chicago . now , first , being from rural midwest i was surprised at the price in general , but kind of accepted it when i was assured by my cousin ( whom i was visiting in chicago ) said it was normal . so i check in , service seems fine . i get checked in , room seems ok . a couple of hours later , a lady comes into my room , not a hotel employee , just some lady . turns out , they cross checked the rooms . we ( her and i ) went down and complained . turns out they double booked the room , not that they were full , but they were full on that room type , standard , as well as the superior rooms . rather than simply upgrade one of us for the mistake they asked which one of us would like to ' move up ' . we argued with them for N minutes , they didn ' t budge , our only option was for one of us to fork over an extra N for a corner superior . we ( the lady , her name was sharon ) decided to split the difference some , she gave me N and i moved . i get to the new room about N minutes later , nobody , but sharon helped me move . i get there , the bed was thrown together , not made , and the bathroom wasn ' t clean , the garbage had a kleenex in it ( i wasn ' t going to check if it was used ) . i called down , it was now Npm . no answer , i called for N minutes and finally got a hold of someone . i told them about the state of my room . they said they would have someone up ' right away ' . i waited N minutes and a lady comes in , not in uniform , but she did a hell of a job cleaning . she switched out the garbage , wiped out the whole bathroom , vaccuumed around me , and switched out the bedding , all told she was in and out in N minutes . she didn ' t say two words to me , but she did clean . i stayed the night and checked out a Nam and will never go back . ryan from iowa 
i booked my weekend chicago stay at the hard rock hotel in chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews i found online . however , my experience at the hard rock hotel fell short of my expectations . when i arrived , well over an hour of check in time , i was told that my room was not yet ready and i was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as i did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in . the hotel staff i interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs , and while i do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd , there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor i was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down ( after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue ) . as i am a fairly light sleeper , i woke up several times throughout the night . i would recommend bringing earplugs if you ' re also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep . overall the hotel looked very nice , but i just felt that my experience was not worth the amount i paid for my room . 
we just returned from a girls shopping sight-seeing trip . the palmer house was like home away from home . the hotel is undergoing renovations but we did not notice any inconveniences or hear any noise from the work . the lobby was breathtaking , all dressed up for christmas . the staff from check-in to housekeeping was very welcoming and friendly . our room was updated with two beds and two separate baths which was great for everyone to have their own personal space . i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone . chicago is a great town . 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro chicago to celebrate our Nnd wedding anniversary this past weekend . the hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive . the concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay , and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do . we were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel the lobby , dining areas , and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury . the decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white , and lighting that complimented and set the mood . the bar and lounge areas had excellent service , and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown chicago . additionally , my husband and i were extra pleased to learn that because we are aaa members , we would be receiving N off our room rate for the weekend . overall , the amenities and experience of staying at the hotel allegro chicago made us feel like movie stars , pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment , one in which we would definitely choose to stay again . 
from the moment i walked in i was impressed . the staff was very courteous and knowledgeable and the atmosphere was welcoming . the hotel was spacious and glamorous without looking overindulgent . my room was very nice and comfortable with a beautiful view and all everything i would need was in my kitchen . i found the pool and gym to be fantastic and i could truly relax during my stay . i will definitely book another stay at this hotel . 
i have stayed in hotels all over the world , and this is probably the worst service that i ' ve ever experienced . the staff was unaccomodating and the hotel did not provide the services that it claimed it would . i decided to try the monaco because it seemed interesting , was close to the theater , and had what seemed to be a good rate . what a huge mistake . the front desk staff was condescending and not even remotely helpful . the room was not clean , the gold fish we had requested came many hours after we told them we would be arriving , they never bothered to come turn down the beds , and the late check-out ' priviledges ' which were guarenteed when i booked the room suddenly became ' upon request ' - boy the extra N minutes they gave me sure were helpful . dont ' waste your time or your money here . at best , it ' s nothing special . personally , i like the fairmont in chicago , but anyplace woudl be better than the monaco . 
we had a great experience at this hotel . the hotel is huge ! the rooms were very clean , well appointed , and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park . the staff was so nice and very helpfull . donald , at the the concierge desk scored us tickets to wicked the day of the performance , and on a holiday weekend too . they were great seats and a reasonable price . he worked very hard for us to see that show . they truely topped off what was a fun new years celebration . this will be my first pick when i return in the spring . 
overpriced is the best word to describe the conrad chicago hotel . while it may be in downtown chicago , the room had no view . although i asked for non-smoking , the room reeked of smoke . the elevators were very slow , and one was not working during my stay . there was a stain on the pillow , and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken . there was a dead bug in the bath tub . i was only given N towels for my N night stay . my credit card was billed twice , and it took N weeks to reverse to extra charge . i do not recommend this hotel at all ! 
i never thought i ' d be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home . i am a mother of two children , one of which has severe asthma and allergies . i have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years . so when my sister was getting married in chicago , i was extremely anxious . the front desk associate , rosa , was wonderful . she told me that they have allergy friendly rooms . no perfumes , no harsh cleaning chemicals , no dreaded ' industry standard ' feather pillows . i booked a room , but was still really worried . i shouldn ' t have been . ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home . maybe even a little better . they had an air purification system for our room . it smelled so fresh ! while my husband took our daughter to the big bar for nachos ( she never stopped talking about how ' totally cool ' it was ) , i ordered room service for my son . the man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating . my son has a lot of food allergies , so i was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details . that ' s always a little humbling , but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time . i was actually able to enjoy my sister ' s wedding . the only problem with my stay is that it was too short . we ' re coming back for our first family vacation since ethan was born . thank you , hyatt regency chicago , for making this family ' s visit possible and positive ! ! 
the hyatt regency chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that i have ever stayed at . i stayed there for N days and two nights . my room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully . the staff was very kind and very helpful . the concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in chicago . overall , a beautiful hotel in a beautiful city . 
stayed at the amalfi hotel in chicago this month with good expectations . and what a disappointment ! paid just under N for a ' deluxe king ' , and what we got was a Nnd floor view of construction , a dirty , badly ' rehabbed ' bathroom , itchy sheets , no down comforter ! ! ( just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing ) , previously opened bottles in our mini bar , and plenty of rude , inexperienced staff members managers ( def . not a N or N star staffing ! ! ) i do live in chicago , and have stayed at a wide range of places . i know that for N in february , you can expect a great hotel . as there were many available the weekend we stayed at amalfi , choosing it over say , the palmer house hilton , hotel sax , sutton place , hotel N , was a huge waste . definitely keep looking and book elsewhere . not worth the price at all , don ' t let their pictures fool you . also , i wouldn ' t say that our experience was just a rare mishap , the hotel looks like an old days inn that had undergone a slight renvation , i . e . , new lamps . 
we wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner , theater , and my daughter ' s Nst birthday . this place certainly fit the bill . it was convenient to everything including the southshore railroad station . the staff were all friendly . their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and starbucks coffee in the morning . ryan , the concierge , ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of hershey kisses waiting for us when we arrived . we were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed , they came promptly to get it set up when we called later . the window seats were beautiful as well and i enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book . 
wow ! loved the ambassador east hotel in chicago ! it was so close to all the great sights of chicago like navy pier , lake michigan , and all the fabulous dining . the hotel was very classy and the rooms were furnished in a traditional , but cozy manner . the entire family loved it , even the dog . . . because they are also pet friendly at the ambassador east hotel ! we loved the restaurant there , the pump room was great , something to please even the pickiest of our eaters . we were there on a family get-away , but asked to see a larger ' suite ' . the suites were gorgeous . i can ' t wait to tell our friends about this place ! our next business trip to chicago , we are booking at this hotel . they have the perfect conference rooms and we love the service ! we are definitely coming back ! 
my friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in chicago . lets just say we were thankful we didn ' t have to spend much time in the room . the carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way . the furniture was worn and outdated . the place was gross and just wasn ' t worth the money we spent on it . the only redeeming quality was the door man , we was very nice and helpful . 
stayed at the intercontinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant , convenient visit . stayed in the historic tower . very nice rooms , great view , attentive staff , convenient location just north of the tribune tower the river , and nice fitness club at N for the entire stay . the only downside is i couldn ' t get over the feeling that i was being nickle dimed N a day for wi-fi , N bottles of water in the room , N mini-bottle of wine in the fridge , tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags , etc . their in-house restaurant zest is zagat rated though i ' m not sure why . within a N minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than zest . but , next time i need to be near the loop i ' d stay at the intercontinental again . 
we just got back from a great weekend in chicago and have no complaints about the palmer house . it ' s very easy to get to from o ' hare ( the blue line on the el train ) and then just a N block walk from the train station . the hotel itself is beautiful and the staff is super friendly and go out of their way to help . we booked an air hotel package deal on expedia . we expected to stay in a room with a full size bed but for only N extra per night we upgraded to the excutive level ! best decision of the trip . we had a beautiful room with a king bed , down comforter , robes , plush towels etc . . . it also included a nice continental breakfast each morning , all day snacks and beverages and a great happy hour ! we took advantage of this every day . the location was great . . lots of shopping along state st . and to get to the magnificent mile was a N cab ride or a N minute walk ! we ' ll be back to chicago and the palmer house ! 
i stayed at the the conrad chicago hotel last winter with my family and i couldn ' t be happier with are choice . the staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home . i loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city . 
our stay at the james in late last august exceeded our expectations . my husband was in chicago for a business trip , and i tagged along to have some time away from our day to day life . when we entered the hotel we were greeted acknowledged the minute we walked through the doors , and the staff member at the front desk was extremely friendly . he met our needs in a timely manner and patiently answered our questions . the lobby was clean and the ambiance was impressive . our room was also very clean . i could not have found a better room for those two nights of peace and quiet . the bed was comfortable , and the bedding was the type you could slip into and drift off in . it has been awhile since i have stayed at a hotel where the comforter was not scratchy or too thin . my husband actually commented that he had not seen me sleep that soundly in over a month . the bathroom was also impressive . the water pressure was not something i had to mess with to get perfect , and the heater took no time at all to warm up . even though i had brought my own shampoo and conditioner , i did give the amenities in the bathroom a try , and like everything else they exceeded my expectations . i did not get a chance to check out the conference rooms , however , my husband had nothing but great things to say about the qualities of the facilities . i truly enjoyed the location and ambiance of this hotel , and if we are ever in the chicago area again we will definitely be staying here . this hotel met all of our needs from relaxation to business to pleasure . 
i have been stayed in allegro for two days . there are not other big prolems but one thing i ' m not satisfied with is the light . it is dark in the room . also in the bathroom , the light is not good . i have to open curtains . i have complained about this to their reception . they said they will fix it , but i did not get any response . i am very disappointed and i will never come back again . 
what ' s not to like ? -- problems getting the room you actually reserved i had to call this hotel three times and email four times in order to insure that we actually got the room we had reserved . -- overcharging . they charge for everything here . wireless . the fitness center . the business center . i ' ve only run into one other hotel that ever charged for use of the fitness center . note to the intercontinental if you ' re going to charge for something that is commonly included , you should advertise that fact . what ' s next ? charging for sheets on the bed ? -- very poor customer service . the staff does not communicate in full sentences , or wait to hear your answer . this is chicago , not new york . how about a little midwestern patience ? 
when i first checked the hotel ' s website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there . but i was totally disappointed once i got there , first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor , and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one , it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that . then when i was trying to enjoy the view , they windows were all dusty and dirty . so i decided to get out of the room , and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture . so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse ! . i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww ! , its all i can say about this hotel . 
we stayed in a king suite at the hotel allegro over memorial day weekend . we paid N night , and it was definitely a bargain . the suite was huge - living room with a couch , two chairs , desk large bathroom bedroom two closets . the room had recently been renovated , and was very clean . comfortable bed , friendly staff , great location ( near the train and bus ) , evening wine reception and morning coffee provided . while the allegro isn ' t a five-star hotel , it is a great place for the money . ( note a friend stayed in a non-suite room , and reported that it was very small . upgrade if possible ) . 
i want everyone to know about the awful experience i had at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . when we arrived at the hotel , the clerk who was checking us in said that our reservation was not in the system ( i had called earlier in the day and confirmed it ) . after speaking to the on-duty manager we were informed that our reservation had been canceled earlier in the day and that the hotel was now completely booked . we later found out that there was a convention at the hotel and that the price for the rooms had risen dramatically . i believe they canceled our reservation just so they could make more money . i for one won ' t be going back to this hotel ! 
after a my stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago i contemplated the the poor quality of my experienc there and felt the need to document it . while the amenities were plush , the service of the staff was lacking . upon check in , my reservation was ' lost ' and it took over N minutes for the manager to make arraingments for my stay . there was no offer to upgrade me or comp me in any way . room service did a poor job in cleaning my room and left wet towles in the bath room . a used coffee filter was left in the coffee pot for me to clean out . i am not sure my sheets were changed out . when i checked out , the bell hop dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive leaving me to scramble to recover the report i spent days creating . overall my negative experience has left me wondering if they train thier staff on the proper way to attend to their customers . i will be relunctant to stay with them again until i am assured they have focused on trainging their staff better . 
the ambassador hotel is located in downtown chicago right off lakeshore drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown . i would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown . the rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay , when in fact , we had a pretty unpleasant experience . it started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in . i have no problem with this , except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him . after checking in , we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed . the pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms , they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way . the beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows , they took over an hour to arrive . i will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future . 
i enjoyed my stay at the talbott hotel . it is on the more expensive side , but it is all worth it . i got the talbott tradition package , which was N for two people and included a N breakfast credit on check out day . the rooms are huge ! the beds are soft and comfortable . they include aveda bath products , which is a plus in my book . they also have a nice fitness area pool you can use while you stay there . one thing i thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone . my boyfriend also liked the ihome audio system . the location of this hotel is very convenient as well , its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast . but , what i like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to . they were one of the first hotels to be green sealed . overall i had a great stay at talbott hotel ! 
my husband and i were very excited to be staying at the conrad , unfortunately , we would never stay in this hotel again . the rooms looked nice , but the closer you look there was mold in the bathroom and red stains that looked like dried blood near the sink . the room service cost was super high - costing us over N for N burger , N order of french toast , N pops and N desserts . in the middle of the night the pipes in our room made a very loud vibrating noise which kept us awake . we called the front desk and it took almost N minutes for someone to walk over to our room ( we were on the Nth floor , same as the reception desk ) . they did nothing to fix it and the same thing continued the following night and anytime the room above us or to the right used their shower . the staff was friendly enough , but not helpful and they did nothing to try and make our stay better with all of the problems . there was not even a coffee pot in the room . definitely would not stay here again for the price . not worth it ! 
we stayed at the sheraton by navy pier the first weekend of november and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service . we were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in N and N adjoining . the view from both rooms was spectacular ( as you can tell from the picture attached ) . they also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special . the hotel is central to both navy pier and michigan ave . so we walked , trolleyed , and cabbed all around the area . we ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good . the eggs were a little runny , but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station . our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were N ( instead of the adult N ) the rooms were clean , the concierge reception staff were both friendly and helpful . . . we will definitely visit this sheraton again when we ' re in chicago next time . 
not impressed at all . the hotel itself looks really nice , especially in the big foyer area . our room was small , and the bathroom needed some major upgrades . it had the green tile , like at your grandmother ' s house , all over the walls , and N people couldn ' t fit in it if you tried . we could hear the people beside us in the early morning every morning , so obvioulsy the walls aren ' t so thick . our room looked directly on to a brick building outside , very close , we couldn ' t even tell if it was nice outside or not . we are assuming we were not in a renovated room from the looks of it , and i felt yucky the whole time in it . i just wouldn ' t pay lots of money to stay here , there is nothing exceptional about it at all . 
avoid the talbot , especially for group functions . my in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests . they were lured in by promises from the talbot , that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide ' special , personal treatment ' . nothing could have been further from the truth . they failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception , they persistently confused reservation requests , they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests , his wife , and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight . now the worse part . mistakes are made , even hotel managers are human , but where a hotel , which is supposed to be in the hospitality service , can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error . case in point i had requested on several occasions when i made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card , all expenses , they assurred me that this would be no problem . of course , when my brother , his wife , and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn ' t let them check in until they physically saw my card . . . again despite them having my card on record , and despite my explaining this to them over the phone . my brother recalls the ' indignation ' of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card . then another guest , in this case my older brother , came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby . when i finally was able to get across town , leaving a cubs game early , i again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account . again they agreed , but never did anything about it . in the end when my older brother checked out on sunday he was told everything was alright , but when he went to his atm his account was frozen from ' unathorized overuse ' . the hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained . when he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events . i spent sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on monday , the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone , calling the talbot , the credit card fraud division , my brother , etc trying to solve this situation . the most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager , who at one point suggested that ' i was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters ' . . . . this was a witnessed event , and her insinuation was that i was lying , and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake . in the end , there is no one running this place . . . managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail . when i was finally able to get the name of the general manager ( after two days ) m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back . the communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant . fortuneatly the staff at the signature room ( where we had the reception ) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost , but the the talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests . try the ambassador east ( same neighborhood ) cheaper , much more professional staff . 
the intercontinental chicago magnificent mile the outside of the hotel itself is as the name says is pretty magnificent despite being set in what has to be the filthiest section in the city . for the cost of the rooms starting at N . N a night , you would think they would have a competent parking attendant . i was delayed from a very important client due to a latency issue with my reserved room , and if that was not enough . to top it off the room service had the nerve to bring up room temperature pasta and a bottle of champagne that had the seal previously broken free of the cork . needless to say this will be the last time this hotel ever is to grace so much as another dollar bill from my account . i would highly recommend another hotel with better accommodations . 
the affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to chicago . my wife and i stayed in an upgraded suite . very large room , that is modern and has all the little touches . the staff was extremely helpful and professional . the location is excellent . the price is a good value for what you get . we simply couldn ' t find anything to criticize . highly recommended ! 
i recently stayed at the sheraton for an onsite conference , and had problems from the getgo . i had problems with the check-in even though i had made arrangements beforehand to pay by company check and they have a credit card on file . the front desk clerks were kind of rude . the room was okay , not worth what i paid for . the sheets were kind of messed up and the room didn ' t feel very clean . they also charge for internet access , which is ridiculous . most hotels provide free wi-fi . the conference food , which i assume is catered by the hotel , was not good at all . on the day of the check out , i had arranged for a late check-out , but in the morning before check-out time , someone else got assigned to my room and was attempting to get in ! then they locked me out of my room with my luggage still in there before my check out time . all in all , i would recommend staying somewhere else . 
outmoded and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay . this hotel ' s five-star rating needs a downgrade ! when i visited this hotel N years ago , the fairmont was among the classiest brands . no more . my Nth floor room was expansive , but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working . the upholstery was frayed , the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water , and the room ' s door didn ' t close unless you pulled on it in a certain way . worse , the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you , with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser . it was like sleeping in an old vending machine , but when i looked for a pen to take a phone message , there was none to be found . other reviewers remarked that this hotel ' needs updating , ' but i think some of the original design choices are also to blame . for instance , someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations . i couldn ' t sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn ' t accommodate my legs . ( i am not unusually tall . ) there are so many great hotels in chicago that deserve five stars , that the fairmont shouldn ' t be able to compete . see my profile for better ideas . niftyc 
last week , i booked a ' deluxe suite ' at the omni chicago hotel for a weekend stay in chicago . i took the ' retreat and relax ' package deal . the wait to check in was intolerably long , because they were letting some people check in with a dog . i ' m allergic to dogs , and i ' m sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in . they insisted on escorting me to to my room , every time i came in , like i was going to break into another guest ' s room or something . i swear , anytime i was out of my room they were watching me like hawks , asking me if i needed anything . you know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you ' re up to something . i went to the pool , but it was full of screaming children . when i went to bed , i could hear the television in the next room through my wall . and what ' s worse , they wouldn ' t even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress . they threatened to throw me out on the street , after i gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars ! i had to go outside-- probably where the dog went to piddle-- to do it . also , their on-site restaurant is too expensive , given that you ' re already paying an arm and a leg for the room . the food should be free ! i wouldn ' t stay here again , it was a waste of my money . 
the location is ideal . they have very high ceilings so the rooms appear much larger than they are . the views are great . there were fresh flowers in the bathroom . they had all white bedding . you feel like a princess there . 
if i didn ' t have to stay here , i wouldn ' t . without exception , i swear i am not lying , every day of my stay brings a new problem . over the past N months , i have stayed here N times for N nights at a time problems every time . from the wrong food with room service , to room keys that dont work , unrefreshed bath towels , forgotten and dirty in-room coffee service , unclean ice bucket overnight , forgotten room cleaning , inability to connect to the internet . . . . i ' m too tired to keep writing all the problems . for the price of this chi-chi downtown hotel , i expect more . finally , their team is certainly not trained in customer service . the front desk teams have attitudes , and aria ' s hostesses think they are something else . i ' m stuck using this hotel since it is adjoined to aon , but i would never go back if i had a choice . the only good thing is the food at aria - outstanding . 
on a recent stay at the fairmont chicago millemmium park hotel i was appalled at the service i received at such a supposedly high end hotel . when i arrived i had to wait in the lobby for N minutes before someone came to the front desk to check me in . apparently the desk clerk was on a personal phone call with her boyfriend and just had to know where he was going and who he was with . finally i was given the key to my non-smoking room away from the vending area . much to my chagrin my room was right next to the vending area and i heard other guests going back and forth to the ice machine until nearly midnight . and the room was obviously a room for smokers . the blankets on the bed and the pillows reaked of cigarette smoke . i , of course complained , but was told that was the only room available as they had booked every room for a conference but i was welcome to check out and go to another hotel . after a fitfull night ' s sleep i awoke to children running up and down the hallway . their parents were no where in sight . my shower was cold and had no pressure . i was given two towels one of which had not been laundered . i could not wait to check out and informed the manager on duty of my complaints and told him i would not be recommending this hotel to anyone and would go online to write my review so anyone interested would see it . i cannot understand how such a highly rated hotel could be so far from the mark . 
to whom this may concern , my name is jamie brown , and i was a recent guest of yours between july Nth through july Nth , and your staff made my stay so comfortable i almost didnt want to leave . the kitchen in the room and the complimentary grocery shopping service made me rethink leaving all together and when i didnt feel like cooking the complimentary welcome home dinner with a glass of wine , helped me clear my mind for all the paper work i had to look forward to . the free wireless internet access both in my room and sitting by the pool helped get all that done and helped me get my laps in as well . i really couldn ' t have asked for anything more ! i felt like a queen and i never though i could feel that way just staying in a hotel . i thank you so very much for treating me so kindly and i will gladly be visiting you again very soon , only for more pleasure and way less business . sincerely yours , jamie brown 
i stayed here for about a week during a conference and the service was excellent . in addition to the excellent service the location was great . with quick access to michigan ave . . the bars and shula ' s restaurant were excellent . you must have the rib-eye steak . . . very well done . 
everything experienced at this hotel was grand . the hotel itself is stunning and the architecture is amazing . from the moment you walk into the palmer house , you are greeted by friendly helpful staff . the rooms are out of this world with no detail overlooked . comfortable beds , amazing bathrooms and breathtaking views of chicago . if you are looking for an extravagant hotel for your next visit to the windy city , i would definately recommend you stay here . experience chicago like never before . 
i booked this hotel for N on hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night . totally blown away . arrived on a sunday night . gave car to valet ( N night ) . lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music . check-in was smooth and easy . i asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to Nrd party bookings . upgrade to suite was available at a cost . i passed since only N night stay . i asked for a nice , quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine . received room N-N . room was huge with N beds . felt like N square feet . newly renovated last year . bell hop told me some rooms are very small so i totally lucked out ! service from start to finish was top notch . everyone had a smile on their face . always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome . ordered room service at N N pm . arrived in N N hour . food was so-so . had pancakes in lockwood for breakfast . very good food and very good service . strong coffee . hotel is right on state street shopping . fyi - rooms on floors N and below were renovated last year . rest were done N years ago . for the price , it was a great bargain ! only complaint is bathroom is small . 
we ' ve just returned from a two night stay at the affinia chicago and our visit was delightful . thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance . . it was a mess . and the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable . even parts of the lobby had ' wet paint ' stickers . all these things could have made for a disappointing stay . not so ! ! although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff . after just a few minutes we felt like we were ' at home . ' the suite on the Nth floor , with a fab view along a wall of windows , was sparkling fresh and clean . the bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly N years saying that it made her look younger . . . she was right ! everything in and about the room was ' like-new ' and very stylish . as a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the magnificient mile and all of its ambiance . thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff , a fantastic location , and chic decorating elements , this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in chicago . the stay was short . . but sweet . 
what a fabulous hotel ! from its location directly on the magnificant mile and surrounded by the finest shopping , to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars , this hotel is one of the best in chicago . our room was very clean and fresh , the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful . this is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in chicago . highly recommended ! 
the hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly , however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking . our air conditioning didn ' t seem to be working well , but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually . . . cool off . our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one a . m . that was a fax , it happened N times . by this time we realized that the air was not working again , so after fussing with the controls it did kick on . the next morning i mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone , but didn ' t think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working . after being out seeing the sites of chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . our room was N degrees , i called and maintenience did come to check . after determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out . i feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel . also was very surprised that wifi was not a free service ! ! we will not be staying at the hilton on our next trip to chicago . 
the room wasvery tiny and was very warm . they give you the illusion that you control the temperature but they do . the bathroom is small . the tub is plastic retro fit as stated in another review , and does crackle under your feet . i , personally , did find the water pressure to be fine and the bath ammenities to be of good quality . the public areas are nice and are good to hang out in . this is basically an old hotel that has been updated . the comment about the closet is true , it is actually indescriable . you can hear everything occuring in the other rooms . the location is convienent but so are many other hotels . if you do stay , fly into midway , take the orange line , you cannot go wrong . 
i love the ambassador east , true , she ' s a little old but she ' s a classic treasure . the service is wonderful , from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome ! i felt the service was good , room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating . the biggest gem is the pump room bar and restaurant . the best drinks , amazing food , exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends . this is set in the most fabulous location historical neightborhood , close to walk the lakefront , well known hometown bars , excellent restaurants chicago has to offer and most of all shopping . there was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends , giving this area a real interesting flavor of chicago . i can see it needs some updating but i was totally happy and content with my stay . i travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels . i will stay here again in the future . 
elegant and modernized hotel with great staff . location is wonderful . the health club located in the hotel had everything needed to get my complete workout . i will be staying there again due to the wonderful experience and decent prices . 
we stayed at amalfi for N nights and i have to say after reading all the reviews here i expected a little bit more . it ' s a fine place with clean bathrooms and comfy beds but it ' s just not worth the money . it does have comfy beds and free continental breakfast . the sheets though , made us itch for some reason and we are normally not sensitive to these things . the breakfast could really benefit from some bagels or yougurt . otherwise , it ' s just an early morning sugar attach of muffins , danishes , sweet breads , and croissants . there are plenty of restaurants around but they are all of the big chain variety , if you are into that sort of thing . also , the windows do not open and there is a climate control device in the room . the problem with it that it keeps blowing air all the time , alternating between cold and warm , right over the bed . there is a sign not to turn it off but we did once just to see what happens and the air in the room got uncomfortably stale . they do have a business center where you can send fax and use internet for free . the problem is it is only one tiny room with one computer in there . one person at a time . . . all and all , we will not stay there again . if we feel like luxury , we have to find some other place . but if we feel like a regular hotel in the heart of the city , maybe we will try red roof inn or something like that . at least we ' ll know what we are paying for . 
fairmont chicago was a great choice for my wife and i . we couldn ' t resist the elegant aria restaurant and the accommodations . the room was impeccably clean and the city view was utterly amazing . from the moment we checked in , the staff produced a positive atmosphere with genuine hospitality . my wife even suggested we should have had our wedding reception in their beautiful ball room . overall , i would rate fairmont chicago a N N ! 
location , location , location . what a great find ! excellent , well-run , small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it . rooms are good-sized and clean good bed and shower with tub . the air conditioner , as mentioned in other reviews , is noisy , but it ' s a minor complaint . the staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge . the on site restaurant is great . the red-line el is about N-N blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze . you are footsteps away from rush street and north michigan avenue and lake michigan . i would not have a moment ' s hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future in fact , i wouldn ' t book anywhere else . 
for a supposed N-star hotel , i was not very impressed at akk . the lobby was nice and modern-looking , but there were no bellhops outside to help with bags or open the doors ( we didn ' t arrive that late at night ) . additionally , when we walked into the hotel late one night , there was trash and flowers strewn on the lobby floor and , it seemed that there were always water bottles and glasses near the seating area as you walked in . where was the staff to clean up ? that ' s not a very welcoming sight . the rooms were nice and clean and provided a great view , but the actual location was farther than i would have preferred from michigan avenue , andi it was also a little too far south . area recommendations rush street was a lot of fun at night ! 
the omni was chosen for it ' s location whichworked out perfectly . the bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean . . . until . . . i sat down in the tub . . . there was black mold in the soap holder , in the cracks on the walls between the tile , all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl . needless to say i drained the tub and took a shower . . . i really don ' t care for showers . oh yes . . . the toilet leaked as well . . . the staff were very helpful but i was disappointed . i travel extensively and don ' t think i will return . we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken , so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel , printed the presentation and delivered it to our room . they try ! we booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the Nth floor with a view of the windows of another building . . . but we weren ' t there too much . 
i enjoyed my stay at the ambassador east hotel in chicago . the staff was friendly and helpful from the time i checked in all the way through checkout . the hotel was very clean and well maintained . the beds were very comfortable ! the hotel restaurant lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day . the only thing i was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel . i reccomend this hotel and i will stay there again on my next trip to chicago ! 
the omni is in a fabulous location on michigan avenue . within just blocks are all types of stores , including saks , nordstroms , h m , filenes basement , macys , la perla , apple , bloomingdates . . . . . i could go on and on ! the room itself was fabulous . comfortable , nice big flat screen tvs , nice sized bathroom . they charge for wi-fi , but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration . we got this hotel for N night through priceline and felt it was a terrific deal ! 
we just got back from N nights at the sofitel . we really have nothing bad or negative to say about it . we ' ve stayed at other higher end hotels in chicago such as the park hyatt , the peninsula , and the four seasons - and the sofitel tops them all . it ' s a N star hotel with N star prices . it ' s a beautiful hotel all the way around . staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing . they were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly . the common areas are fresh and modern in appearance . the room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths . my wife loved the huge tub . we had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious . the robes and evian at turndown was always appreciated . the property is ideally situated in the middle of the gold coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk . want a bentley or latte ? they ' re all close by . this was our second stay since it opened and i ' m sure it ' s to be our home away from home when we are in chicago . 
we stay at hilton for N nights last march . it was a pleasant stay . we got a large room with N double beds and N bathrooms , the tv was ok , a N ' crt flat screen . the coincierge was very friendly when we need . the room was very cleaned when we arrived , we ordered some pizzas from room service and the pizza was ok also . the main hall is beautiful . the breakfast is charged , N dollars , kinda expensive . the internet access ( wifi ) is charged , N dollars day . pros low rate price , huge rooms , close to attractions at loop , close to metro station . cons expensive breakfast , internet access charged . tip when leaving the building , always use the michigan av exit . its a great view . 
this hotel was incredible ! haven ' t had a better stay in a hotel in my life . i will definitely come here again next time i am in chicago ! the rooms were so elegant , with their modern color schemes . the staff members were friendly and willing to lend a hand . the beds were surprisingly comfortable , with interesting covers . the tvs were hd , which was a step up from most hotels i have stayed at before . there was a cool martini bar that i spent an hour at one night , which was enjoyable , especially because of the live jazz band 
very nice hotel , better than expected . the hot breakfast is great in the morning , but the dinner at night goes above and beyond ( even free wine ! ) the rooms are pretty good size , well furnished , and clean . i liked the view from my room . i used the fitness center and although did not have everything i would have liked , was adequate . i will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view . the staff was friendly and helpful being my first time in chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration . i would definitely recommend this hotel . 
we recently stayed at the intercontinental hotel for a week . the hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great . we found all of the staff very helpful and prompt . we highly recommend the intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure . 
this hotel is totally overrated . yes , the location is awesome , but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options . the customer service , or lack thereof , was particularly disappointing . why are they paying anywhere from N - N doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady ? even when her hands are full . the housekeeping staff couldn ' t figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day . why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don ' t bring it anyway . as stated previously , the location is great . location , however , does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff . i would not stay here again . 
 we just returned from a relaxing stay at the intercontinental in chicago . i have to say the service was phenomenal ! from the maid to the concierge and everyone in between , the staff treated us like royalty . it was quite the treat to feel so special . our room was gorgeous . the view of the city was breathtaking . the luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber . we found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean . my wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while i enjoyed the reliable wi-fi connection . during our stay we dinned in the zest . wow ! they offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options . we had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious . afterwards , my wife and i shared the chocolate lava cake , can i just say oh that cake is to die for ! really the best we ever had . in the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room . afterwards , a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge . overall , our stay at the intercontinental in chicago was nothing short of fabulous . this luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff . we are looking forward to staying at the intercontinental again , hopeful soon ! 
staff were friendly , room was well kept like a typical hyatt location . hotel is huge , with two buildings and over N rooms . good location , close to michigan ave and the subway . parking is N day . ouch ! i bid on it on priceline for N . 
i ' ve stayed at the allegro a couple of times . like the other kimpton properties , it ' s a classic old hotel that ' s been beautifully updated . i found the staff to be cordial , and i really like their corporate culture . they ' re pet-friendly ( although i wasn ' t travelling with the dog ) , i got a recycling bin in my room , aveda products in the bath and they don ' t clean with toxic chemicals . the rooms aren ' t huge and the bathrooms aren ' t what you ' re going to get at a hilton . what the allegro lacks in square footage it more than makes up for in cool . ok , they may be a little pricey , but i ' m willing to pay a bit more considering the higher cost of doing business responsibily . 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro in march , N . we had a great time ! we were upgraded to a suite , and enjoyed the jacuzzi tub with mr . bubbles , animal print robes , and a luxurious king- sized bed ! the suite was very nice , and we had no problem with noise from other rooms or from the street . it was very boutiquey , and the lobby was lovely . we enjoyed the complementary wine hour . the staff was attentive , and our stay in this kimpton hotel made our first-time trip to chicago memorable ! we would return here ! 
after a recent stay at the talbott hotel in chicago , i left the city with an empty pocket book . i had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific , i didn ' t realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus . i could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu . when did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money ? i basically felt overcharged for the so called ' extras ' included in the package i purchased . one other thing , the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler . 
if you ' re in chicago and want to stay in the loop , the allegro hotel is perfect for you . it ' s centrally located , stylish rooms and attentive staff . i stayed at the hotel for N nights and was very pleased with everything . the bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows , large flat screen tv , radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean . everyone that i came in contact with was very friendly and helpful . my last day there , i ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time , the kitchen called to see if everything was alright . i have never had that kind of follow up service . i ' ve stayed at the palomar in dc , another kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too . i will definitely see if kimpton has a hotel at my next destination . 
my husband and i were in the fairmont chicago recently for a conference . we stayed in a spacious suite . all amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape . the bed was very comfortable . views were great . i love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights . the room was so quiet , it was very relaxing . we ate in the restaurant downstairs ( aria ) and although pricey , it was excellent . the staff were consistently attentive and responsive . it is evident that everyone is very well-trained . i would love to stay here again . 
the hotel is staffed by very nice but many inexperienced people . executive lounge has limited hours and no access outside of those hours . other areas similarly lack the level of service that is expected for this type of hotel . one of the individuals at the concierge desk twice gave us bad information about public transportation and the hours at one place . while the location is good , this particular hotel is simply not a good representation of what swissotel is supposed to be , and there are far better choices in chicago . it would not be my choice for a return stay . 
the amalfi hotel has a beautiful website and interior decorating , but that ' s about it . when my wife and i got here , we were given keys to a room that had not even been cleaned ! the internet access promised on the hotel ' s website was down , so i couldn ' t catch up on any of the business i had intended to do , and my wife thought that the dark design details in the room made her feel claustrophobic , like she was sleeping inside a salvador dali painting . all in all , this hotel was not worth the money , especially since we spent most of our time enjoying the city--something more casual and comfortable would have been better , and it would probably have been cleaner , too ! 
the reviews we read were a bit mixed , but i thought it was excellent . i ' ve stayed in the splendido , villa d ' este and others and it doesn ' t compare , but nor should it . it doesn ' t claim to be in that space . i expected it to be a notch off the four seasons and so it proved . a only a small notch too ! . lovely clean and bright room . superb views , very quiet , comfy bed etc . excellent service all round and nice staff . for the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed . couldn ' t really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the four seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience . we will go there again when in chicago . great location too . 
i stayed at the allegro hotel while interviewing for a position in chicago . i read the reviews and they were mixed , but since the property was suggested by the organization ( due to location ) , i booked a room . true to the reviews , the room was extremely small , was cold ( the heater blew in cold air in -N degree weather ) , and just generally uncomfortable . there was no closet so i hung my suit on the doorknob of the door of the adjoining room . the bathroom was extremely small and although tidy , not especially clean ( it was dusty ) . the bed ( which was supposed to be a queen but was really a full ) was quite low and the sheets were hard . because i arrived late , i ordered room service . there was so little space in the room that the wait staff had to approach the desk table sideways . although there is free wireless ( a plus ) , i kept getting kicked out of the system and had to , no lie , reconnect on-line a record N times . finally , to top it all off , the television stopped working just a little before midnight . i was only there for one evening ( not even N hours ) but that was enough for me . this is supposed to be a N star boutique hotel but i ' ve stayed at better N star properties . on the positive side , the staff is nice and friendly , the food is reasonably good , and the lobby is really vibrant . there is a martini bar ( although as i was coming in , a hotel guest was complaining about it being unsually smokey ) that looked interesting . overall though , not the best stay i ' ve had . i won ' t be staying again . 
we enjoyed the hotel monaco . great location for walking and beautiful rooms . the staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests . will definitely stay there again ! 
my wife and i booked a deluxe accessible room at this beautiful hotel for three nights . the wonderful photos don ' t do the hotel justice . it couldn ' t have been a more ideal stay . the room was spacious and and clean , the bathroom sparkling , with every amenity one could imagine . the bed felt like it had been just delivered . our views of downtown chicago were spectacular . on top of all of this , the hotel staff was extremely helpful . they explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at , and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy ! believe everything good that you read . if you visit chicago , stay at the conrad chicago . 
this comes a little late as i ' m finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months ) a dear friend and i stayed at the hyatt regency in late october N for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town . this hotel is perfect , imo . easy check in and check out . lovely , clean , comfortable rooms with great views of the city . i know this area pretty well and it ' s very convenient to many downtown chicago attractions . we had dinner and went clubing with our friends around division st . . we had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the hyatt and there ' s even public transportation right near by but we didn ' t bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel . parking , as is usual for chicago , was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly ( however , we left on a sunday morning , not exactly a high traffic time although it was a bears homegame day , so a bit busier than usual i would think ) . no problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of N through hotwire , a downright steal for this area of chicago and the quality of the hotel . 
wow ! that is all i can say ! my girlfriends and i recently went on a little ' excursion ' to chicago for a girls weekend and we stayed at this beautiful hotel . the rooms were beautifully decorated in a comfortable , modern style . the beds were so comfortable and cozy with the softest bedding i have ever felt on a hotel bed . our views were just as amazing . we could even see lake michigan from our suite . we only dined in the hotel once during our trip , but it was the best time we had . the aria restaurant was so elegant yet fun . very clean and just a great atmosphere . the staff was extremely professional and courteous , going out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasure from the moment we walked through their doors . highly recommended ! a must see next time you visit this area . 
for the amount of money per night that the millennium knickerbocker hotel charges , one would at least expect a room with a working bathroom . the toilet wouldn ' t flush , the sink dripped and the towels were rough and cheap looking . when i called the front desk to ask for maintenance on the sink and toilet , the staff were indifferent . it was over an hour before anyone arrived to fix the bathroom fixtures , and when they did arrive they were unable to stop the drip in the sink . all in all , i was disappointed with my stay . 
we stayed at the hard rock for one night to do some intense , day-after-thanksgiving shopping . it really is a great hotel . the rooms are really cool , and we were just in the basic one . the bed is extremely comfortable , with the softest sheets and great pillows . the technology in the room is great . they have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms . for a very modern room , it is still comfortable and homey . the location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go . the staff were very nice and helpful . the bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu . one of the best hotels i have stayed at in chicago . really enjoyed it and would highly recommend . 
we booked our room at the swissotel on hotwire for N ( unbelievable rate ! ) and were extremely impressed with the swissotel . the staff was so polite and catered to our every need . the room was oversized , clean , and had a large bathroom . we had a partial view of lake michigan , which was an added bonus . on the Nnd floor , they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from N sides . spectacular ! we sat in the hot tub and looked down on navy pier . we can ' t wait to go to the swissotel again ! 
traveled to this hotel on a family vacation . we chose this hotel because it was pet friendly . upon arrival we smelled just how pet friendly it was ! the dog that greets you attacked my dog . there was constant barking throughout the night and during breakfast , i found hair in my eggs ! i would not recommend this hotel ! 
i arrived and my friends were already there and visiting a nearby art gallery . they put my name on the reservation and told me to get a key from the front desk when i arrived . the front desk staff gave me the key to my room and i put my stuff away and went to meet the group . we returned late that night and i soon realized the room that my friends were in was not the room that i placed my stuff in that afternoon . we went to speak with the front desk . we were met with ' we can ' t do anything about that right now due to the hour . we will not disrupt the guest staying in the room you say you left your stuff in . ' unacceptable ! ! ! my N laptop and all of the things i brought with me were in that room ! not my mistake ! finally , after arguing with the head of security for about N minutes , they knocked on the door of the room i had left my belongings in and a lady answered . she was upset and stated she had security take the items from her room in the afternoon . all of my belongings were recovered in the security room however , all of this hullabaloo could have been avoided had they communicated about the situation ! terrible , terrible customer service . they sent up an apology letter , champagne , and chocolate covered strawberries to the room . although i was appreciative of the gesture , it still does not excuse the fact that they argued and continued to say ' we can ' t do anything about it . ' 
stay away from the hyatt regency chicago . i recently had to spend the weekend in chicago on business , and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town , but alas , i was left disappointed . i arrived in the afternoon , my flight having been delayed , ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening . unfortunately , my room was not ready . it should have been ready hours earlier , but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff . in any event , i was advised to wait in the bar , creatively named big bar . they seemed annoyed that i wanted only water , not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that i spent time in their hideously noisy establishment--i wanted only to relax in my room . i waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk . was my room ready yet ? ' what room ? ' they replied . to my astonishment , it seemed that i no longer had a reservation ! how this came to pass , i do not know , and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me . i explained that i was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned , or furnished , or renovated , or whatever they were doing to make it ready , but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer , who spake ' guest not found ' or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters . i requested the manager , who was unavailable , presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either . finally , i admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel , with fewer regrets than i would have imagined , to find a better place to spend the night--a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point . as it was , i found another hotel , better priced , better staffed , and with rooms ready for my custom . so if you are looking an experience like no other , book a room at the hyatt regency chicago . if you want a place to sleep , look elsewhere . 
ok , so first trip to chicago and i was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location , finally i decided on the conrad and wath a good experience i had , i booked a king deluxe room on the Nth floor , view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had , room is nice , bath was all appliances and good size , good plasma tv , free internet , we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food ! so overall and for the price aroufn N it was a great surprise , the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel 
the james hotel in chicago is by far one of the best hotels that my family and i have ever had the pleasure of staying at . the room service is the best in the area , not to mention the spa in the hotel is to die for . the lobby and the reception area is very contemporary . this is a great place to take the family to relax . i would recommend this hotel to anyone . N stars ! 
just spent three nights at the amalfi hotel , while in chicago on business . booked a king-corner room and loved it . largest room i ' ve ever had in a hotel in chicago , incredibly comfortable , very clean . the breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too . and the location couldn ' t be beat . walking distance to the the river , the loop , michigan ave shopping and convenient to public transportation . i noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise yes there is some street noise , and the building across the street is under construction ( the noise from that was usually between N-N , if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side ) but really , in downtown chicago it ' s not going to be silent , if you want silence stay in the suburbs . if you want a great hotel ( at a great price ) right in the thick of everything , stay at the amalfi . 
i stayed at the intercontinental in chicago for my visit to set up my daughter ' s wedding . nina ( our daughter ) stated this was the place where all the higher echilon gets hitched ! well i don ' t understand why at all . upon arrival we checked in and met nina at the ' the bar ' ( how innovative ) and had a light supper . the food was like airline food and cold . the waiter was annoying and in your face when he could clearly see we were not ready to have our food taken yet . when he finally came with the check we thought ' our light supper ' was all too pricey . then we were supposed to meet the sales manager erin in the lobby at N N pm sharp . not sharp enough . at N N a worker came over to us and stated that erin had an emergency and wouldn ' t be able to meet with us tonight . well that is just great . over N for a night and supper that would obviously be wasted . no more money will be spent here , i will guarentee that . sincerely mr . and mrs . scott grander louisville , ky 
my husband and i decided to take a trip to chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the conrad , not really knowing it ' s location . we were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on michigan ave . ( it ' s connect to nordstroms right in the heart of downtown . ) great for shopping . the hotel itself was fabulous . the staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants . i recommend going to joe ' s that ' s right across the street from the hotel . everyone was raving about it . . . but we couldn ' t get a reservation . the room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable . it had a very warm and inviting atmosphere . my husband loved the workout room . i highly recommend the conrad ! ! 
this place was absolutely foul . from the minute i walked in , i knew making a reservation here was a mistake . the person at the counter would barely make eye contact with me and acted like i was asking a huge favor of them in order to check in . the room we requested ( a room with double beds ) was not available . they told me that when i made the reservation , requesting double beds was a ' request ' and not a ' guarantee . ' what ' s the point of making a reservation , then ? when we got to the room , the room was totally gross . the decor was dated , the carpet was torn in spots and the whole place smelled musty and almost moldy . the bathroom had spots and stains all over it . i hesitate to think of the true cleanliness of the sheets . the ' complimentary ' fitness area was a joke . one broken treadmill and a couple of mismatched dumbbells . thanks but no thanks . we will definitely not return . 
me and my business associate had a job in chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features . we did some research online and came across the hotel moncaco . we decided to stay for N nights . when we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights . the staff was upstiff , and didn ' t not offer much hospitality . our room did have a view , but of the city lights and kept our room bright , even with the curtains closed . the beds appeared soft , but did not offer much comfort . for what we paid , we expected more . 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel for two nights and i must say the service they rendered was quite impressive . they had very attentive and friendly staff members . the room that i stayed in was spacious for me and my husband . their hotel restaurant served the most delicious steaks i have tasted , i ordered a classic fillet mignon and it was cooked to perfection . i would definitely stay at this hotel again if ever i come back to chicago and would absolutely highly recommend this to my friends and family . 
stayed here for N nights for a bridgestone firestone convention . no complaints . room was great with a beautiful view . staff was very accommodating . had drinks and appetizers in main bar . fantastic ! great location . yes it ' s a huge hotel as it ' s used for conventions but that didn ' t stop it from being a great place . 
just back from a business trip . the homewood is in a great location just off the magnificent mile , includes a great breakfast , heavy hors d ' ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of N . without a doubt the best value in chicago for a long , long time . 
the millennium hotel knickerbocker sounds fine , and the website is pretty , but the reality is an over-hyped , overpriced , reality-isn ' t-as-good-as-fantasy package . the catering they offer is a joke you can pick up better food for half the price at a dozen or more places in the chicago area . while the rooms were cleaner than most , there was a lingering unpleasant odor from the cleaners they used that aggravated my sinuses , and when i called to complain about it , a nasal-voiced clerk blew me off . the rooms look small but cozy when you book online , but when you get there in person , you realize just how tiny they are . trying to fit inside of one makes you think of being in a sardine can -- did i mention that it smelled like cleaning solution ? i also found a hair on my supposedly clean bed , which made me wonder just how thorough their housekeeping staff is . in fact , it looks like all of their rooms are comparatively small you ' d get better prices and a far better room from the hilton . 
i booked my room at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers somewhat reluctantly i was not enthusiastic about spending over N on this room after seeing the lackluster photos on their website . i was pleasantly surprised when i arrived that the lobby did not look as stuffy as it did online . unfortunately , my hopes were dashed once again when i arrived at my room . i say ' at ' because after discovering my newly issued key was not working , i had to wait ten minutes before someone finally came to let me in . the room was painfully small-- if i didn ' t know better i would have thought i was staying at a red roof inn ! the ' sweet sleeper bed ' had stiff and scratchy sheets , with a cheap-motel-thin coverlet . the disappointment continued after i entered the bathroom and found that it not only reeked of smoke , but also outfitted with the cheapest trimmings possible . i stayed my two nights , and was surprised to find out that all sorts of other charges were added to my room ( for which i was not responsible ) , charged on demand movies , an empty mini bar , and for smoking in the bathroom . hah ! i have stopped payment on my credit card , and most certainly will not be submitting myself to this horrific experience again . 
a hotel made for royalty . decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of , it is an amazing experience ! it ' s located right in the middle of everything in chicago , and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience . the customer service was fantastic , as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own . a beautiful experience that i would certainly do again ! 
when i first booked my reservation at this hotel , honestly , i didn ' t know what to expect . i mean , i ' m kind of a music person , but this was my first real experience with a musically ' themed ' hotel . upon staying here , however , i am convinced that i made the right choice in my stay . the dining accommodations were excellent , and i was served probably some of the best food i ' ve ever eaten at a hotel . it was intelligently placed in downtown chicago , and i wouldn ' t have to walk too far to see some street performers , or just take in the majesty of the city itself . the room i had booked had an excellent view of the skyline , and i could ' ve easily sat for hours , just marveling at the city sprawled out before me . the whole ' hard rock ' and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay . if i had to stay here again , i would ! 
i will never stay at conrad chicago again . the employees were rude from the begining . when i asked for extra towels the lady at the front desk looked like i was an inconveniece . the bar staff wasn ' t much better . the maids never came and changed our sheet during our stay . do not go there ! 
this was a wonderful stay . the staff was extremely helpful , the rooms are especially large , and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy . the breakfast and supper were excellent . they go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance , they have take-away plates you can take up to your room . the business center , gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in chicago . 
my wife and i stayed here for a weekend in chicago and had an okay experience . the location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown chicago hotel . everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in chicago means a taxi ride . the other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere . i don ' t necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby , the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere . the pool spa excercise room was not very impressive either . it is accessible by walking through the business center corridor , wondering if you ' re going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small . there is also no hot tub and the ' spa ' is a closet with a massage table . the concierge was helpful but the people that answer the ' sheraton promise ' phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors . the beds were super comfortable . i think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do much better in downtown chicago . 
my husband and i stayed at the omni after attending a wedding that took place there . we were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful . everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional . we were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to chicago so we can stay there again . and , by the way , the wedding was absolutely gorgeous ! 
we went with the great reviews on tripadvisor . the location , rooms , amenities and price via expedia were good . my complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow ( even at Nam ) , the concierge ( sarita ) was hopeless , staff were generally rude . also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning . finally , just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at Nam with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse ! ! ! would i stay here again ? - maybe if i got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby . 
will not stay here again . we were here pre-construction so didn ' t have the noise problems that others are now experiencing . but room and service quality were so poor that we will not return . our suite was large enough , but it was dirty , dated and worn . the bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly . public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days , disgusting . we ( politely ) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed . we had paid for the king tut package , which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit . they had no record of this and didn ' t honor it . of course , the exhibit was sold out , so our main reason for visiting chicago was ruined as we weren ' t able to see this part of the field museum . my ( also polite ) letter to hilton and the manager was never acknowledged . very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding hilton in general when possible . 
i needed a place to stay for a business conference in chicago . while higher priced , the reviews online plus four stars convinced me . granted the hotel itself is beautiful , but looks can be deceiving . the pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey . the restaurant ( cafe des architect ) had amazing food , so that was a plus , but the service was awful . i had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water ! my remote wouldn ' t work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud . the hotel must ' ve been hosting a convention because i could hear music all through the night . the housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently . i called twice for more fresh towels . if i wanted this type of experience , i ' d have stayed at a lower-end hotel . same experience , less money ! 
this was a great hotel right in the heart of the chicago loop . within walking distance to the downtown attractions . parking is expensive ( N p nt ) so we parked at a free remote location ( recreation drive ) since we weren ' t planning on driving once we checked in . the staff was friendly and helpful . the rooms are large and clean . 
we reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay . after checking in and unpacking , we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed ( supposedly during renovation ) . the front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all N of us check into the room . colleen , one of the managers , was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem . we ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed . we never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently ' absent from the hotel ' during most of our stay . we stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence . we had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology . the lack of training of the staff was clearly evident , as was the cavalier attitude of the management . 
my wife and i travelled to chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff ! ( my brother and his wife also stayed during this period . ) the front desk staff , the concierge , the star bucks server , the restaurant , the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful ! the rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great ! the bath room was a real plus . . . it was huge and had everything one desires . great view from Nth floor to michigan avenue below ! overall , great stay and highly recommended ! 
my family really enjoyed this hotel the weekend we were in chicago . check in was quick and easy the staff was friendly and very helpful . the room was clean , the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of chicago . next time we come to chicago we will definitely stay here again . 
this was one of the best hotels i ' ve stayed at in chicago . i ' ve also tried amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown . this one was the best . great service , beautiful room , roomy bathroom , top-notch amenities . 
we have just returned from N nights at the conrad chicago , everthing about the hotel was excellent . wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class . great view from our room . the hotels location is great , right in the centre of the magnificent mile . a wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the conrad . 
we travel to chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the hilton chicago . we booked a priceline room on the weekend of the half marathon . the place was busy , but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest . the room was nice and just what we expected . the pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel . the location was great as we were taking in the bears Ners game on a thursday night and a sox game on a friiday night . we would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others . great quality even at the regular room price . 
i was very happy with my stay at the knickerbocker . the room were nice , and the staff was excellent . i was able to stay here for N per night thru priceline . that was an incredible bargain in my opinion . . this hotel is very nice . it has an excellent location . . . just off of michigan ave . all of the best shopping in chicago can be found right around the corner . it ' s a great location . . . very close to many great attractions . if there is any negative it would be that there is no swimming pool , but i think that is common with a lot of the older hotels in chicago , i would definately recommend this place . . . hopefully i will be able to stay there again in the future . 
the hotel monaco claims to be a ' boutique chicago luxury hotel , ' but it certainly was neither luxurious nor stylish . the pictures posted on the website imply that the guest is going to stay in a room with an amazing view , but that was certainly not the case for this customer ! the decor , which might be ' cutesy ' or ' charming ' to some was actually quite tacky and outdated . the bathrooms had a musty smell and did not meet the cleanliness standards of a hotel claiming to be ' one of the top N hotels u . s . ' don ' t be fooled by a snappy website with some selective photos--this hotel does not live up to its billing . you will be disappointed , as was i , if you expect anything more than a run-of-the-mill experience at a merely average hotel . 
what i thought was going to be a romantic chicago weekend turn out to be lackluster . the swissotel chicago per their website seem to tout itself as a luxury destination well much to my surprise it was not . first my reservation was messed up instead of getting ' the classic room with a view ' we were put in what i guess is their classic king . the view was nothing to write home about . when i called the front desk to complain about the situation i was told their was nothing they could do since the hotel was booked solid . i asked how could this happen when i got a confirmation ? the clerk simply said ' probably a glitch sorry is there anything else i can help you with ? ' at the point i hung up the phone as i knew our romantic weekend with a view was not going to happen . when we checked out i told a manager what happened and he said there was nothing we can do sorry ' i expected a little more customer service from them since they think of themselves as a luxury destination . 
my boyfriend and i wanted to spend a four-day weekend in downtown chicago and do all the touristy things shop the magnificient mile , see shedd aquarium , go to the museum of science and industry . homewood suites was conveniently located near all of these things . it was a luxurious treat of a weekend ! we even swam in their rooftop indoor pool . it was also nice to have the amenities of a suite , so we could prepare our own meals some days . the staff was friendly and courteous ( they even gave me an extra pillow on request ! ) and we would definitely stay there again . 
i was consistently disappointed throughout my stay at the james . i had heard from others that it was ' agreeable ' and ' workable ' and ' all right , ' or even ' a nice place . ' i figured that there would be no problems and booked a guestroom for a long weekend visit with my long-distance girlfriend . according to the website , i was about to immerse myself and my date in a bath of cutting-edge contemporary furnishings and ' warm tones . ' well , when i arrived , i felt like i was in an ikea showroom just before closing time on a busy day . everything in the front was just a bit too askew . the staff were busy , distracted , inattentive , and in every way keen to show me i was a bother to them . i handled my own bags far too much to be convinced of their commitment to my comfort . i also thought my room was quite pathetic for its price . it looked distinctly like someone had rolled around on the beds just before i got there . the bathroom fixtures felt a little bit gross and smelled very strongly , inexplicably , of men ' s cologne . nobody cared when i complained of this and suggested that maybe it was just ' stuck in my nose ' and that it would go away . well , it didn ' t , and i had a horrible headache by the time my lady arrived . this ruined my entire first evening in chicago . for my price i could have stayed a week at an economy hotel , gotten my personal items treated for bedbugs , and still saved money . and i would not have been treated like such a pest . needless to say , i will be looking elsewhere when i go back to chicago . i may not be a frequent patron of luxury hotels , but i know when i am wasting my money . 
our suite at the knickerbocker are quite nice , but the behavior and attitude of the staff is beyond abysmal . first , a member of the staff entered our room mid-day unannounced only to apologize after realizing that he failed to verify that we were present . not a tremendous problem , but when the young woman at the front desk replied ' what do you want me to do about it ' with the tone of a flippant teenager , i began to suspect that a severe deficiency in manners may have been evident in the staff . fast forward to this evening . following a lovely meal off the premises , we chose to turn in a bit early at N N pm only to discover that despite our best intentions , the bass from a party downstairs was more than audible in our room . acting prudently and with restraint , we decided to phone the front desk to inquire as to why our room had been inadvertently annexed into the party downstairs , but yet again we were met with a curt and quite rude response . sean at the front desk informed us that the party was a greater priority for the hotel , and that the family dictated that the music was to be set at a certain volume . on one hand i appreciated his honesty , but on the other , i truly would have preferred that he at least pretended to care about the guests who chose to stay at his property . since we ' re out of options for the evening , we ' ve decided to stay up and try to watch tv for the time being , but given the circumstances , the staff could have easily made up for the negative situations that arose in quick succession . also , i was alarmed to learn that while i slept the prior night , a possible gang-related shooting took place mere blocks from the property . this wouldn ' t have been a concern if like nearby hotels , the knickerbocker chose to enlist any type of security measures within their lobby . would i stay here again ? maybe on a dare , or if someone else was footing the bill . yet i ' ve had better experiences in road side motels , and the employee training regimen could use a serious revamping to better serve the interests of the guests , and more importantly simple common sense . 
my husband and i made a reservation for Nsure nights but decided to stay just the second night . i called the hotel and spoke with eric , he quickly canceled my reservation and i asked if we would be charged for thd cancellation , he said no and that was the end of it . my husband then remembered we needed to cancel from bookit . com as well . i called and they said the hotel wouldnt authorize a cancellation per the terms and agreement . i informed courtney from bookit . com that i specifically asked if we would be charged and i was told no by eric . she spoke with the mgr erica and she said erica would honor that if i could provide a name . i got his name and callex back and he told the bookit consultant that he ' didnt recall ' saying that . i was so furious that i called him on Nthe way with the bookit consultant and he just lied ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! he said , no ma ' am i dont remember saying that . i said so since you dont remember thats it ? ? ? i said my husband heard him say it b c he was on speaker phone since we were driving on the way there . i asked to speak to erica , told her the situation and she said she cant go off of heresay and couldnt honor what her employee screwed up on . i asked him nicely to please tell the truth and he just would not tell thr truth . i have never writte . a review for a hotel before but i am going to go out of my way to make sure corporate sees this . erica was very unprofessional and cared more about not taking sides than she did about making sure the guests feel welcome . very disappointed ! ! will never stay again ! ! 
i stayed at the monaco for the labor day weekend when i visited my family in chicago . it is one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at in my life . clean , comfortable and pretty . the rooms were clean and the staff is very caring . i needed some more glasses as my family was sharing drink . the front desk had them sent up in less than N minutes . i will recommend monaco to anyone who will be staying in the chicago area . 
i was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel . its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a . k . a . my cousin janice . the amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality . would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults . the room and view were spectacular , the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate . 
we loved our stay at the talbott . we were in chicago to attend the theater show dirty dancing . we booked our room through orbitz and received a nice discount . when we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy . we were upgraded to a king bed suite . the suite was well decorated and spacious . my wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom . we loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the talbott on our next trip to chicago . highly recommended . 
my stay at the homewood suites was absolutely one of my greatest stays away from home . the locations right in the heart of downtown chicago . within the river north shopping district . i love to shop so that was what i needed . magnificent N room layouts with kitchen . the room was fully equipted with anything i needed , nice flat screen along with a breakfast buffet and a fantastic complimentary dinner and wine . after dinner and wine i enjoyed the comfort of the heated indoor pool so relaxing . i would recommend these suites to everyone i know . 
we booked thru hotwire which we have a high percentage of positive outcomes . i was very happy when we saw that we would be staying at the knickerbocker-as i had stayed when i was younger . we reserved a king non-smoker . upon arriving we were told that they did not have that and we only had the choice of a smoking room . when argued they stated ' well you booked thru hotwire so you do not have priority ' . as we entered the room i noticed the bathroom door was off track and the bathroom light did not turn on . we called the front desk and they fixed the door but not the light . later that eveing as i took a shower the seal around the shower was so poor water got all over the floor and towels . also , i must add the room reaked of smoke . the next day when we checked the front desk clerk asked how our stay was and when we told him the problems , he told us the total and had not concern of our issues . we also checked in our bags for the day , and the bellmen came quickly and made very rude comments about us hurrying up so he could get on with his day . we realized a bit later that we forgot something in one of the bags and was told they would not get them back out . stay away-even if you get a good deal ! ! 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel for a total of three days , and through out my stay i had a wonderful time . the room was impeccably clean , as well as the pillows and sheets . the beds were large and extremely comfortable . the staff though , in my honest opinion , is what made my stay so pleasant . from the people at the check in , to the waiters at the restaurant , i got the best customer service . the hotel was also conveniently located . it was within walking distance to the shopping center . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying at around the area in chicago . 
the talbott hotel was very classy , professional , and luxurious . i loved how the staff was nice and respectful . i was treated like i was royalty when i was there , when in checked i was greeted by all of the people working behind the front desk and was offered a tour of the hotel . they took my bags and put them in my room while i was taking the tour and they even escorted me to my room right after we were done . this is a very nice and modern looking and their rooms are spacious and clean unlike other hotels in their area . i have recommended this hotel to all of my family and friends and would recommend it to anyone who is going to stay in that area . 
homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown is a wonderful hotel . the hotel is very elegant , classy and only offers the best . the hotel offers complimentary breakfast , along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons . the suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look . this wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime . i would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful , yet comfortable hotel experience . 
rooms are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see . the room we had at almost N a night was dingy and small . don ' t mistakingly think the hard rock cafe is there , it isn ' t . they have a chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items . the room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods . when my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn ' t a choice . the rolled roast beef sandwich was listed under the N am choice and they refused to make it untill again , we called the manager who did get it to us . the staff did appear friendly , although housekeeping totally disregarded our ' do not disturb ' sign and would call us on the phone . don ' t make the mistake of staying here but if you do , walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is N plus N gratuity . we ended up having to order delivery food brought to us . this is the most overpriced , over rated and dingy hotel we ' ve ever stayed in . taxi to airport is N . 
i was surprised by the fact that there were no extra sheets or blankets to make up the hide a bed . i called the desk and asked for some and they said that i couldn ' t have any and that only the maid could come and set up the bed . my husband was ill and i wanted the bed set up so i wouldn ' t disturb him . but they were un moved and wouldn ' t bring the sheets . i ended up sleeping on the mattress with bath towels over it and another bath towel as a blanket . they could have given me a set of sheets and a blanket , i didn ' t pay that much a night to sleep on a bare mattress . seriously ! lack of concern for the customer . 
we recently celebrated our Nth anniversary in chicago and stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . having looked at a gizillion places i chose this one because of its location to navy pier . ( we were going on a dinner cruise-the odyssey at navy pier ) the hotel is a short walk . . . unless you are wearing heels ) to navy pier . we found out on the way home only a N cab ride ) worth N to your blisters ! ! its also only a short walk to michigan ave shopping . . . for comfortable shoes perhaps ? ? i chose this hotel because of location , but the views are also terrific . this time we had a lake view of navy pier , but our previous trip we had a river and lake view . both very nice . the hotel is very nice . several restaurants , although we haven ' t tried them . the burger place downstairs sure smelled good though ) we ended up at bubba gumps at navy pier . good ! the rooms were very spacious and clean ! ! i am kind of a germaphobe ! so clean is important for my sanity ) the bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk , and a cool water fountain . ) i obviously highly recommend this hotel ) i N chicago 
my wife and i had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the drake hotel . i have stayed at the drake before and while it is nice , it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price . we opted to walk across the street and stay at the millenium instead . i know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and i have to say they have done a great job . this place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to chicago on a college roadtrip ( i did ) . but that is not the case any more . this property is directly across from the drake hotel and for N N the price you get their great location with a newer ( albeit smaller ) room and every ammenity you would expect from a N hotel . the rooms are tastefully decorated ( asian influence w flat screen tv ) and the bed is very comfortable . the bath is small ( no tub ) , but very clean and the shower is great . you are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting chicago , so the room ' s size is not a big deal . ( it works well with a couple , but a family of four may be a bit cramped . ) the service was attentive and friendly and the location can ' t be beat . i would definitely stay here again , but the next time i would leave the car at home ( N night parking is a bit steep ) . 
nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the fairmont chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to chicago . the staff were friendly and helpful , arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city . there are many attractions withiin easy walking distance ( the art institute is a must see and millenium park is a fun visit ) . the architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby . the rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense . we would definitely stay here again . 
i have visited chicago with my family several times and have never had such a horrible hotel experience ! the staff was rude and unhelpful , and they overcharged my card by more than N ! i had to spend the whole morning on the phone trying to get them to finally fix their mistake . the hotel itself didn ' t live up to our expectations either . . . the inside was dingy and needed cleaning , and our room looked like a bunch of chain smokers had just thrown a crazy party in the room . there were cigarette burns on the sheets , stains on the floor , and there was a hole in the wall where it looked like someone had punched it ! we requested another room , which was only marginally better in terms of cleanliness , only to be kept up all night from the noise of our neighbors yelling and hanging out in the hallway . there are plenty of other places to stay in chicago . avoid hard rock at all costs ! 
just got back from a N day visit to chicago . for the rate of N per night , it was extremely good value . reception staff were efficient , courteous and very friendly . i was given a room on the top floor ( Nnd floor ) facing the lake and the john hancock tower . the rooms were large and very comfortable . housekeeping turn down service were efficient and thorough . bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily . this is definitely my first choice for a hotel in chicago . it is also very close to all the shops , restaurants and the subway . 
my wife and i were guests at the hotel allego in chicago for a long weekend getaway ( september N - N , N ) . we had checked out the hotel ' s website long before booking and were quite excited about our trip . once we arrived , the hotel staff informed us that the room we requested was unavailable and brought us to a different room that smelled quite moldy . when i asked to be moved to another room ( my wife has asthma ) we were politely told that we were unable to be switched at that time . the room was not particularly well-cleaned we found previous guests hair in the bathroom sink and on the floor , and a film of dust across the television set . we are not the type to complain , so we went out to explore the city and assumed that would be the worst of it . at nighttime when we tried to sleep , we discovered the bed sagged terribly in the middle and the walls were so thin , every nearby conversation could be heard perfectly . we were tossing and turning half the night . in the morning we hoped a quick workout might help energize us for the day , but we discovered that the wellness and fitness center described on the website was really not at all what we anticipated a few treadmills and a dilapidated weight rack . the concierge was almost never around in the lobby ( her sign always said ' be right back ! ' ) and when we did ask her questions , she was actually somewhat cold and rude towards us . the second night was without incident , luckily , except for the terrible bed , but the third night we were woken up three times by hotel staff trying to enter the room to clean despite our ' do not disturb ' sign . i would not recommend this hotel . 
i travel often and whenever i travel i prefer to stay at hilton properties . i am always satisfied with my stay at hilton . locations . however , i have never stayed at a homewood suites location . this property was awesome and it was great to have the same satisfication when i arrived . the lobby area was excellent and the greeting from the front desk staff was wonderful ! my room was in great condition ! absolutely no complaints . i just figured that a property like this should be recognized . great job staff ! ! ! ! i will definitely return in the future ! 
i try to stay at the james every time i happen to be in chicago . there are other good choices in town , but nobody has what the james offers superior service - aka class meets efficiency - , metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details i found only at the w in seoul , and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location . . . then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie i was about to take off and drive north , it was a hot july day . . . one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water . a small gesture . unexpected and appreciated . the management and the staff understand what we expect and more importantly , what we need . and they consistenly execute against that . 
this will be the only hotel i will never forget in my life . hotel monaco chicago has the best staff and also the rooms are also nice . whether if it ' s a king delux room or a tranquility suite , all of the rooms are luxorious and are themed based , so it suits ones personality . even if you are a super sized person , like me with a height of N ' N ' , there are special ' tall rooms ' just for you . my days went very fast when i stayed there becuase there was so much to do there . in the mornings i would do yoga from the yoga channel . then i would go downstairs and drink one of their complimentary coffees while reading the morning newspaper . before i go to a meeting , i would get my shoes shined by their complimentary shoeshine service . after i come back from the meeting , i would go to their fitness rooms and workout on their fully-equipped machines . i just didn ' t want to leave that hotel so i decided that the next time i come to chicago , i will surely stay at hotel monaco chicago . 
i stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in chicago for N nights . i must say , i was not impressed . this is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill . to start with , the hotel lobby was totally gaudy . it had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and i guess was supposed to give an air of style . the room was ok i suppose , but certainly not worth the premium price i paid for it . the hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing french cuisine , but the food , while arranged nicely , tasted unremarkable and again , was overpriced . my final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible . it is simply not worth it . 
we connected to affinia chicago thorugh a city websight . the deal was fair for a downtown hotel on the main drag with an attractiion included . there was information out there that the hotel was being overhauled although we did not pay much attention to that . they are currently under major construction . they will be a little late of their projections in the finish date . i must say that the staff tried very hard to make our stay comfortable under very difficult circumstances . the room was complete and was good . it had a very nice bathroom . the main lobbie and all hotel amenities are totally unfinished drywall with no food , drink , or rest room opportunities . the construction guys did their best to limit activity and noise to after N Nam . i think this will be a good one once they are done . as of the end of may , they have a way yet to go . 
this hotel does not belong in the same league as the peninsula , four seasons , or ritz carlton . it was more like staying at an overpriced w hotel . staff was very nice and attentive , but the lobby is cramped , and only two small elevators for N floors ! ! several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor , and we were forced to take the stairs . the hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews . 
i had an awful experience here . the staff were rude and unhelpful . it took forever to check in and when i did , they took a while to even find my reservation . when i got to the room , it was marginally clean and when i complained , they said they were full and could not do anything for me . i would never go back . they are obviously not worried about customer service . 
a few nights ago , i stayed at the hotel allegro in the theater district of chicago . i ' d heard some amazing things about the great food , and how friendly the staff were . upon arrival , the service at the front desk and the bellman was fantastic ! they treated me as if i stayed there all the time ! the rooms were cozy , with very comfortable beds that helped me sleep through my jet lag . i ordered breakfast the next morning , and had room service bring it up . the meal was brought up only a few minutes after ordering , and was delicious ! i would recommend these accommodations for anyone traveling , or any families staying in chicago , as the rooms were very reasonably priced , and is a short distance to lots of great sites . next time i come through chicago , i will definitely be staying here ! 
our visit started off on the wrong foot when we entered the lobby struggling to carry all of our luggage and , instead of helping , a group of hotel employees stood watching and laughing at us . they had trouble locating our reservation . our room was tiny ! when i ' m paying over N a night for a room , i expect to be able to walk around in it ! the beds were also tiny . the walls were thin and we could hear our neighbors talking next door . this hotel was probably once beautiful and classy , but now it seems to be outdated and due for repairs . won ' t be staying here again . 
my wife and i came to spend the weekend in downtown chicago for shopping and we found this conrad hotel well located close to everything downtown and of a size that doesn ' t make you feel lost in the convention world . we have had this feeling when staying at larger hotels in the past . our suite has view on michigan avenue with a bit of the lake at the end . staff was very professional , pleasant and friendly making us feel very comfortable . internet is free n the rooms and i am making my review from there . 
 if you are traveling to chicago and need a place to stay , i highly recommend the hotel allegro chicago . it was visiting time visiting chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the hotel allegro . he said they were pet friendly , which was a huge plus . this is because i hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time i travel for business . upon my arrival , i was met with friendly valet who treated me like i was the only customer who mattered . i walked in and saw a hotel like no other i have seen before or after . the lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place i could relax in . after i had entered and checked in , i saw the staircase , which looked like a testament to the staircase in the ' titanic ' . frankly , i was amazed and i had not even entered my room yet . my room was a queen deluxe room and it was amazing . the bed had a blue headboard , which i have never seen before , and the colors worked together so well i seriously contemplated living there . the room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food i ordered . later i wanted to get a drink and i enjoyed it at the bar N , which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel . these are the specifics of my stay , but there is much more to be experienced that i did not mention if you visit the hotel allegro . in summary , they allow pets , the service is amazing , the decoration superb , and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments . what more could a person ask for ? 
the omni chicago is hands down , the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area . i am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy . our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly . i forgot my hair dryer but thankfully , one of the many perks at this hotel , they provide one for you in your room ! that ' s a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer ! i have never had a massage like that before ! my favortie thing about the omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests . i am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as i was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done . i also loved the tv they provide in the room . a big plasma with a beautiful , crisp picture ! i don ' t even have that at home ! needless to say , i spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning ! i will be coming back to the omni on my next trip to chicago . that ' s a promise . 
my two girlfriends and i arrived at the hotel , and found the hard rock had lost our reservation . i had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone . the rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying . it wasn ' t until i started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue . ten minuets later she found our reservation . our room wasn ' t ready , we were told that it would be ready at noon we came back at N and were told it was still dirty ! room was very small . the bathroom shower , sink and floor were filthy . room service trays sit in the hallways all day . the next morning we called down to get towels , they were never brought to the room , we had to drip dry . the only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge christopher . he knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub . 
i was visiting relatives in chicago and wanted to stay in a hotel that emphasized luxury and was also environmentally friendly , and the talbott seemed to fit the bill . i also couldn ' t help but notice all the positive reviews online . i figured i couldn ' t go wrong and i am happy to report the positive reviews are true . first of all check in was a breeze . i love their online reservation system . it was easy to use and the information presented was quick and accurate . once i arrived in chicago i was greeted by tim at the door and i immediately felt like wanted and liked . the receptionist was very polite and when she heard i was visiting chicago for the first time , she upgraded my deluxe king to an executive king . score ! the room was just as advertised , luxurious and convenient . it was also exceptionally clean and this is very important to me because i am paranoid of germs and bed bugs . most importantly though , i got a good night ' s sleeep because the bed and pillows were super soft , but firm enough to help support my back . i also used the equinox fitness club and , wow , what a club . this is another great amenity of the talbott and easily beats other hotels skimpy workout centers . my check-out was quick , easy , and painless . this hotel gets my highest recommendation . the facilities are immaculate and modern with the recent upgrade , the staff is ultra-friendly and competent , and the location was perfect for my needs . 
my husband and i had a wonderful stay at the omni chicago hotel . i had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite . when we arrived , she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what i had requested--and more . our suite had a partial view of the lake ! ! ! and , we were able to check in early . the service at this hotel is incredible . everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had . the suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel , very near to michigan avenue . housekeeping was prompt and thorough . we really couldn ' t have asked for a better hotel . we will definitely stay there on future trips to chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there . 
we arrived and thought for N a night , it would be a decent place . good reviews , etc . . . we arrived to find that the website pictures were misleading . the hotel lounge was a ' room ' , it was really odd and very dark . the first night there i noticed that the blanket on the bed was nasty looking . resembled something you ' d find on a street . to top it all off we woke up after night N to find that bed bugs had attacked us . my husband and i were both bitten . i was bitten way more than my husband . my legs were covered with bites . i was on ointments and benadryl for over a week . i immediately came home and scalded all our clothes . there was also mold around the tub both inside it and on the floor by it . the bathroom floor was also curling up by the tub . the view in room N is of a roof . not good . the stay was very disappointing . the only good thing there is the free breakfast on every floor . 
the hard rock is glossy and sexy , but an absolutely fantastic hotel . . . . i was in town for business and stayed here because of it ' s location , but i absolutely understand why tourists would like it . . . right on the river , cool art deco building and millenium park is just down the street . regardless- the room was clean , the staff was friendly , but not annoying and the bar was fun . i was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were good ! i ' ll definitely try it again ! 
my husband and i decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the talbott hotel in chicago . we decided to book the ' personally yours romance package ' for our stay . when we arrived at the hotel , the staff was very friendly and approachable . the personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch . each night , we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed . the personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and i to see a chicago cubs baseball game . i would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away . 
my daughter and i woke in the morning wanting to go swimming . when we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum . i then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool , one white phone and one emergency red phone , to call the desk . both were out of service ! ! ! ! i am glad there wasn ' t an emergency . as we were exited the pool area i ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean . . . . never heard back . 
i just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat ! the hotel website offers a great rate , and what i found was affordable luxury . i asked for a high floor found myself with a fabulous view , in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom , terrycloth robes and slippers , turndown service , roger gallet toiletries , a fluffy down conforter , and a wonderful pillowtop bed . the bathroom was so clean that it sparkled . the service was impeccable as well . even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants , brioches , pain au chocolat . the decor was unique the location convenient . check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby . this is a topnotch hotel . 
used this hotel the first time i was in chicago . for the prices and for being classified an intercontinental . . . i wouldn ' t consider it that good . the rooms were solid . the view was ok ( but so is it virtually everywhere else on michigan ave . ) the service was ok . the prices were ridiculous for everything from wifi to well everything else . we came here for a jewish hindi wedding . appetizer was fine . main entree was a small portion of meat with forgettable everything else . dessert was inedible . i have been to some other expensive hotels with similar ratings but they had more or just better rooms to an extent that it would be worth it . i personally preferred the conrad . better prices and better service . 
my wife and i stayed at the allegro this weekend while i was on a business trip . i was very impressed with their hospitality and my wife very much ( maybe too much ) enjoyed the in-house spa . rooms service was a bit slow but , overall great hotel would stay again . 
i stayed at the allegro in july for N nights for a business trip . the room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great . i had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny , but ours was perfectly fine , with funky , fun doors . the decor is a lot of fun . we were on the Nth floor and there was absolutely no street noise . the front desk staff was very friendly , and before we even made it to the desk , a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival . we were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to navy pier . for people who were upset about no free coffee - there ' s a dunkin donuts about a block away . i definitely recommend this hotel ! 
check ins went smoothly . but be advised . . . . walls are super thin , the building is old and the rooms are very very very small . the downside of them allowing pets was that we could hear the poor dog barking in the morning probably because it needed to go out . for the price it wasn ' t bad . it was walking distance to most major attractions . overall . . . it ' s ok at best . another plus is the cta is close by . 
my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium hotel was a short one although , it was intended to be for five days , it only last two . when me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our mercedez . the clerk concierge was on his phone for nearly N full minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him . when we checked in , we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it . we then returned to lobby , and to our dismay , the hotel had double booked the room ! after another N minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a ' better ' room . the bed was unbearable , the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes ( although it was supposedly a non-smoking room ) . too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep . however , it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room . i needed an ambien to go to sleep . i woke up with backaches , the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day , and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room . me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the hyatt . 
i made reservations with the chicago fitzpatrick using their N number for two nights in june . i received no written confirmation with cancelation policy , etc . however , when i attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night ' s reservation , i was told that they would charge me for one nights stay . they have a ' Npm the day before your first nights stay ' policy . even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy . this is not a common policy on michigan ave . i ' d advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy . it was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel ! 
while the parking service was great - the front desk was terrible . we had a huge problem getting ice one night - we had none in our room so we went twice to get some - no one was there to help , called the front desk they promised to deliver some - none arrived so we called again - they said we had to come and get it and would not listen to what we had to say about what had already happened . . . . read more 
booked via priceline . com for a weekend getaway and got the room for N per night . when we arrived via midway we took the orange line to within a block of the hotel for just N . hotel easy to find . never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood area . saw very few homeless or panhandlers . walked all over the place . great location and hotel is about a N- N cab ride from most major attractions shopping restaurants . hotel is almost gawdy with colors decor , but it ' s not that different from a cruise ship decor . it was not annoying decor by any means . check in was painless and the service was great ! heard no noise whatsoever . . . the reports of ' thin walls ' are greatly exaggerated . the walls are all concrete and thick . . . we heard nothing both nights we were there ! highly recommend this hotel ! rooms are small but not crowded for two people . . . they are old style hotel rooms . . very classic 
my stay at the palmer house hilton was wonderful . i was attracted to this hotel because it was going to be me and my finance ' s first time in chicago . the location of the hotel was perfectly placed downtown chicago we took advantage of the hilton bed and breakfast special . upon check in on friday afternoon we went to the lockwood restaurant before going to the room for the weekend . we stayed in a one bedroom suite with a king size bed . the hotel was spotless . i have never been in a hotel room that was so clean . the portions of food was perfect , and everything they provided was on point . i would recommend this hotel for anyone who is going to visit chicago for the first time . the staff is professional , and let you feel like a king and queen . 
we stayed at omni chicago for N nights in early july ( july N-N ) . the reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on travelzoo . we got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food beverages . i also signed up for their loyalty program , which was so worth it . i was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid . but i was totally wrong ! they treated us extremely well . before our arrival , i got an email asking if we needed anything . so , i asked for a fridge to store the baby milk . and they arranged it for us without charge ) we arrived late on thursday night . our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge i requested . we were given a corner suite on the Nth floor . . . very nice room . . . comfy bed . my husband was really wowwwww ! ! ! the bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed ( we didn ' t use the sofa-bed though ) . we got a high-speed internet as part of the loyalty program . all staff were friendly and helpful . . . front desk , valet parking , bell boy , room service , concierge , . . . everyone ! we used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning . the first day was great . food was great , and quick . we also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program . we ordered oj and hot chocolate . they both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning . but we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible . it tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate ( also , we ordered belgian waffle for our breakfast , which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries . . . but we got a plain waffle . so , we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those . this is why i didn ' t give ' N ' for service . however , i reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out , and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal . another thing is that it ' s quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor . we could hear siren going on off during the night . but this is out of the hotel ' s control though . and i would say that it didn ' t bother us at all . my baby could sleep very well . overall , we really enjoyed our stay , and would definitely consider omni for our next trip to chicago . 
my recent stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park was everything i desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in chicago . i loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a N inch flat screen television and ipod docking station . i appreciated the walking distance to all of chicago ' s premiere shopping areas . the concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations , while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service . the services i received at at myspa were some of the best in the world . dinner at aria restaurant was delicious . in short , fairmont chicago millennium park was the perfect luxury vacation , meeting all my needs and more ! 
while staying at the swissotel chicago i experienced some of the worst customer service i have at any hotel . the front desk was extremely rude while checking out , and even seemed to try to hurry us out . the fitness center was always packed and i was never able to get on any of the machines , as was the pool area . while eating at the restaurant , i felt it was a very overpriced meal , but it was very elegant looking . the last issue i had with the hotel was the valet parking , it took them awhile to get my car , and they actually pulled the wrong car around . it was another N minutes while i waited for them to sort the issue out . the worst part by far was the customer service , and although the hotel looked nice , it wasn ' t worth the stay with the way i felt i was treated based on the money i was spending . next time we are in chicago , we will be staying somewhere else ! 
stayed at the monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic . very convenient for walking to museums , shopping and park nearby . the room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view . we also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel . helpful staff , wifi , aveda products , decent restaurant downstairs for brunch , easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location . i would definitely recommend staying at this hotel , for business or pleasure . 
just returned to seattle after a visit home to chicago and i loved the james ! ! ! recently stayed at the ritz at water tower and the dana around the corner--both of which were great but the james was perfect . secured the room through a package w american express for a great deal so though the view wasn ' t great the space , decor and location can ' t be beat . staff was friendly , courteous and very helpful , the gym was substantial and though i didn ' t try the restaurants room service , the menus looked yummy . i ' ve stayed in chgo in that area on avg N-Ns mo over the past three years and the james is at the top my list now . if you can get a good deal , i highly recommend ! ! 
 the hard rock hotel chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels . the hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone . the hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers , dancers , actors etc . the staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant . the rooms were very clean and nicely decorated , as were the common areas and hallways . i would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area . 
i stayed at swissotel chicago when i was on business and it was very nice . the staff was very helpful and room was very clean . i would stay again in a heart beat ! 
the hyatt regency chicago hotel is perfecty located in the center of downtown chicago . whether you are going there for business or pleasure , it is in the perfect place . the rooms are large and beautiful and the ball room took my breath away . the wi-fi connection was perfect for the work i needed to do and the show at the navy pier was perfect for when i needed a break . other hotels have nothing on the hyatt . i just wish there was a hyatt regency in every city for all of my business trips . 
advertised as a luxury hotel the conrad chicago is more gouge than grand . my wife and i decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in chicago for our tenth anniversary . after looking at several hotels in the ' magnificent mile ' territory of downtown chicago we selected the conrad . the conrad ' s website impressed us immediately . the pictures of the rooms were lovely , they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions , not that we were planning to watch much tv . we called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system , i was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn ' t figure out how i was unable to make my reservations via the automated system . in any case i picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid september . my wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online , most impressed with the view . it cost a pretty penny , more than i would normally spend on out of town accomidations , but her happiness was worth it . unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the conrad . valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife ' s purse when unloading the luggage . we spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it . at the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system . i explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost . by the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay . that ended when we found out that our ' view ' was of a back alley service corridor . so much for the skyline . overall , the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow . i hate to be picky but i was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up . the spa had very limited hours as well . somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams , away from the hotel . it was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count . i would not recommend the conrad chicago . i would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in chicago . i was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms , but wouldn ' t have cleaned out so much of my wallet . 
striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life . the attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night ' s sleep i ' ve ever experienced in a hotel . gorgeous lcd tv and bose wave machine added to my enjoyment . sofitel is worth the extra ' s . 
while this is a good location for shopping and sightseeing , i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . the rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny , all of which is to be expected in an old urban hotel , but apparently care has not been given to updating the hotel ( ever ! ) . the crown molding and base boards are cracked and it appears to only have been painted over and over again . the newer tub liner in the bathroom is merely floating above the old tub and when you stand in the shower it bubbles under your feet . the shower tiles are old and the grout is not clean . this hotel has not been restored the updating that has been done are merely band-aides . there is no fan exhaust in the bathroom and the carpet is ontop of a very hard surface , probaly concrete with no pad in between . the lobby is smokey because of the large open bar in the small space . we were in town on business and supposed to stay N nights , we left after N and went to another hotel . 
when i called to edit my existing reservation , i was placed on hold for N minutes ! finally someone came on the phone and said , ' ill have to transfer you ' , so i was put on hold for another N minutes . when i finally did get to speak to someone , as i was going through my changes , i asked her to send me a revised copy of the reservation to which she huffed and acted very put off . before she was able to disconnect with me , i said ' i have one more question ' to which she replied ' i ' m working at the front desk and i have customers waiting ! ' i thought , so am i not your customer ? pathetic and rude . hotel better find some better employees for their guests to truly enjoy their stay . 
if you are looking for a high end hotel on the magnificent mile , the affinia chicago is not your best option . first of all , the ' central ' location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the navy pier ( which this hotel claims to be the ' official ' hotel of ) and to the shops on the mile . secondly , the hotel is small - only N rooms , most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area . thirdly , they have one restaurant and one lounge , both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel . finally the affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel . one does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the affinia ! 
i was apprehensive after reading some of the more negative reviews of the hotel allegro . however , our stay there was without problems and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful . the room was not huge but there was plenty of room to move around without bumping into one another . the bathroom was small but well appointed . overall , it was a clean and interestingly decorated room and we were pleased . others have complained about being able to clearly hear people in adjacent rooms but we must have lucked out in that way and did not experience that although we could occasionaly hear people talking in the hallway . one other reviewer complained rather bitterly about the area and said that it was dangerous and i can ' t even begin to understand that as we found it to be extremely safe . the area is also very close to public transportation ( we used the trains exclusively ) and got around quite well without a car . we would most definetly stay here again and recommend it to others . 
i stayed at the fairmont to attend a conference . i was very pleased with the hotel . the doorman offered me an umbrella as i headed out for a walk . . . and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- i would have been soaked with it . upon my return , the doorman then asked about my walk , etc . this is reflective of all the staff i encountered . the front desk promptly checked me in . definitely register for their rewards program before you arrive . . . the complimentary gym access is excellent , plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members . the bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient . the only negative- no coffee maker ! and the starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days ! ! ! otherwise my stay was perfect , considering the conference rate was N per night ! 
this was our third trip to chicago this year ( we love the city ! ) - every time we stay at a different downtown hotel . swissotel was definitely our favourite . when we come back in july to see the play ' wicked ' for the second time , we will be again at swissotel . no more need to try other hotels ! the location is good because it is between the financial district and the magnificent mile . the room was spotless and quiet , the view amazing and those elevators were so fast . comfortable beds , friendly service , not as many noisy sirens ! we even watched the navy pier fireworks from our bed ! this was the best anniversary ever . we would recommend swissotel to everyone ! 
i stayed with my husband at the homewood suites in chicago . we wanted to do something nice for our anniversary and thought that the hilton was a solid name brand and expected to have a pleasant stay . unfortunately this was not the case ! the staff was very rude at check-in ( which took N minutes ) and the lobby smelled musky and gross . the room itself was not like other hilton hotels i have stayed at . the carpeting was atrocious and the color of vomit , the room smelled of smoke ( even though it ' s advertised as smoke-free ) and there were a few long brown hairs in our bed ! i was so grossed out that i had to call down to the rude staff to ask for our linens to be changed and they gave us a huge attitude about it . and don ' t even get me started on how poorly the shower bathtub worked . . a nice anniversary went totally awry due to how crummy this hotel is . if i could give it N stars , i would ! 
upon check in - the lobby was busy ! i was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show . the front desk person i checked in with was so fast and so nice that i walked away from the desk smiling . . . that alone was such a great feeling . every time i had any experience with a hotel staff member , i was so pleased ! i have to say - service really is everything to me and i have to give this top marks for that . an added bonus was the location . . . i just think it is perfect for me . on top of that , i had a meeting down in the loop , but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby , asked if he could help me get to my meeting . i thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his suv and drove me to the meeting , ' just a free service from the hotel ' he stated as we drove . . . really ! ! ! ! so cool ! i haven ' t even talked about the pump room yet - great dinner , very professional service , and no attitude . i will return - just up date the rooms a little bit , thats all . . . the curtains need some help . 
if you are looking for a luxurious downtown chicago experience , the conrad chicago is the place to stay . the rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding , a N inch flat screen television , a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub , and views of downtown chicago that will take your breath away . the hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars , high speed internet , a fitness facility and laundry services . this hotel was a great place to stay and i would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown chicago . 
during my stay at the hilton chicago it has been quite unpleasant . how so you might ask ? well ill tell you , the towels where scratchy and the service was terrible and by terrible i mean they weren ' t even at the desk when i checked in . also , when i ordered my breakfast , lunch , and dinner from room service i received the wrong order for all meals and felt a little sick after lunch . finally , the bill was charging me for stuff i didn ' t want or ask for . but overall the hotel was very bad and unpleasant for me and others . i give it a half a star . 
the thing that makes this such an enjoyable place to stay is the staff who were all excellent and polite and the service was impeccable . the room was very clean , the beds were comfortable but it was a little small and the water in the bathroom was not very hot . other than that it was a great place to stay . 
the talbott hotel claims to be chicago ' s premiere small luxury hotel . after staying there and experiencing the service , environment , and the hotel in general , i can say with confidence that this just isn ' t true . i arrived with rather high expectations due to the claims made by the hotel and some of the reviews posted on their website and i was immediately disappointed . no one came to my car to collect my bags and i was forced to lug them inside myself . the doorman was polite but failed to even open the door for me , leaving me to fend for myself while trying to carry my bags . once inside , the atmosphere was not what i expected . the lighting was poor , leaving the lobby dark and it looked like a dingy setting with a glossy veneer in an attempt to hide the degenerate state of the building . the carpet looked dirty , as if it hadn ' t been vacuumed or washed in quite some time , and up in the corners where the walls met the ceilings there was visible water damage . when i arrived at the front desk , i was forced to wait over five minutes until someone came out to help me . after checking in i went up to my room and was once again disappointed . the bed was very uncomfortable and i ran the shower for ten minutes without ever receiving any hot water . that night i ordered room service . the food took N minutes to get to my room , and when it finally arrived it was cold . the fitness center had a very small selection of machines which caused long lines while waiting to use them . i would certainly not recommend this hotel to any of my friends , and probably not to my enemies either . stay away ! 
triple a rate with upgrade to view room was less than N which also included breakfast vouchers . had a great view of river , lake , wrigley bldg . tribune bldg . most major restaurants , shopping , sightseeing attractions within walking distance . large room with a very comfortable bed . 
i work for a software marketing firm , and that job requires me to travel at least N days per year . i spend a large amount of time in hotels . i normally don ' t write reviews for hotels , but the homewood suites by hilton were above and beyond . let ' s start where it matters the rooms . they are top notch . there ' s nothing better than walking in to a clean , beautiful rooms after a long day of travel . the beds are among the best i ' ve ever slept in in hotels . the rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home . the price low . i looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels , and everything else was at least N more expensive . but you don ' t get what you pay for here . you get much more than that ! the location couldn ' t be better . you want to go to a world class restaurant ? that ' s within walking distance . you want a great shopping experience ? again , walking distance . anything else you want ? chances are , it ' s within walking distance . overall , one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . 
i went here with the family , including our dog marley ( they are very pet friendly ) . we really enjoyed it . this place is huge with over N rooms and suites and is in the center of downtown close to shopping and entertainment . it also seems that it would be a great place to have a wedding or to host an event . i will definately be coming back next time i need to come to chicago definately a fine four star hotel ! 
this hotel is beautiful , it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it . the location is wonderful , it is close to magnificent mile and the navy pier , which was a great place to show the children on our vacation . we had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car , and the valet was very nice and helpful . i also take my work with me everywhere i go , so the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus . they have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing . this place is great for the price , due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is . this is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay . 
we stayed for two nights for a meeting . it is an upscale chain hotel and was very clean . the service was very good , as the hotel front desk employees were kind and knowledgeable . the rooms are decent sized and have soft mattresses . the restaurant has good seafood , but was a bit expensive . we would come back again . 
during a recent business trip to chicago i had the pleasure of staying at the hotel allegro . the lobby gave a good first impression . it was a very clean with a modern designer ' s feel and the customer service was great . i proceeded to the counter to check-in and within N minutes i had the key to my room . i was told to check out the infamous N restaurant but i was tired from my flight . i checked into my room . the room was great . a king size bed N ' flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture . after i unpacked i had to check my email . hooking up to their wi-fi was quick and painless ! i had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting . i decided to try the restaurant for breakfast . i had an omelet and fruit . the restaurant was great and the food was perfect . i only wish i had more time to stay and enjoy lunch nevertheless duty called . the concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and i was off to work . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago . it ' s one of the best i ' ve ever stayed at after multiple business trips . 
whatever you do , do not stay at the homewood suites in downtown chicago . i made that mistake , and it was terrible ! the bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job . our room was only ' cleaned ' twice in a week ' s stay , and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it . they didn ' t even empty the trash cans ! as for the ' in-suite ' kitchen , it was awful . we were hoping to save money by cooking in our room , but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty , greasy microwave ? it seemed a better idea to eat out , and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food . i didn ' t hear good things about their breakfast offerings , anyways . if i were you , i ' d avoid this place like the plague . i know i ' m certainly never going back ! 
conrad chicago is one of the nicer hotels i have had the pleasure of staying in recently . the rooms were well furnished and brightly lit , but not to the point of garishness . the convenient location was a plus . 
we booked directly with the intercontinental--a special room for our wedding night . after our wedding , we went to the hotel excited and happy . when we got there , the night changed . we were treated rudely and with no respect . they told us there was ' no room ' even though we had a confirmation number . instead of showing any empathy , they told us to go sit down while they figured out ' what to do with us ' . my husband was in his tux and i was in my wedding gown ! no apology ! no concern ! we were given N and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they ' d ' found ' a room . the intercontinental ruined our wedding night . we are telling anyone and everyone of our experience . this place was supposed to be elegant . we ' ve never been treated so poorly . we will never stay in another intercontinental hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple ! ! ! steer clear of this place . 
we planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the swissotel chicago . our fun time was not exactly that . upon arriving for our weekend getaway , we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite , did not mean a thing . apparently , there were none of the kids suites available . the kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room coloring , video games , etc . no one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available . whatever . so , we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available . guess what ? we spent the whole weekend in the same room . yes , the staff apologized , but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it . other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly , the rooms were clean . we did not spend a lot of time in the hotel , but i will not be booking a room here again . the staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all . 
this hotel is the best hotel ever in my opinion , and i really enjoy everything thing about it and i also have many different reasons why i like this hotel . from the entrance to every details on the inside all the way up to the rooms , everything seems to pocess some kind of style to it and not forgetting such a modern feel it has . i completely am astonished by this building and if i had to pick one to compare with this one i really would go for this one . it ' s like a person would have to see it to believe . it has a lot of modern designs . thank you and this is my review and it ' s real . 
i recently stayed in a room at the trendy talbott hotel . it looked nice on the outside so i decided to them a whirl . as soon as i walked in i noticed that there weren ' t alot of hotel employees . usually , the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand . i was tired and i needed a nice room so as i approached the front desk i noticed something odd . food was sitting out right in front of the front desk . people were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush . crumbs everywhere especially where i was suppose to exchange cash and room keys . let ' s just say it wasn ' t professional . the room was average and the bathroom didn ' t carry the kinds of brands i would have liked to see . no wi-fi connection and i had to walk down the hall for ice . talk about lack of customer service . all in all , the stay was sub-par and nothing special . 
having had a great stay at the monaco last fall with friends , i was disappointed ( initially ) to arrive on saturday with husband and find that they didn ' t have our quikbook made reservation in their system and they had no rooms available for sat . eve . but they immediately took responsibility for their mistake by doing the following found us a nice room at the neighboring swissotel and paid for it ! gave us cab fare to get the N blocks over there . paid for our valet parking N that eve . so naturally when they asked if we were interested in returning for sunday eve ( when they did have room ) , we said yes . when we returned , they gave us a corner suite with jacuzzi tub for our N quikbook rate ! now that ' s what i call a recovery ! ! 
my stay at the hotel allegro chicago was an amazing experience ! the staff were helpful and considerate , always there to tend to my needs . my suite was extremely clean , and had all the amenities that i could ask for . i almost didn ' t want to leave my room , because it was so nice . but in the end i did , because the hotel is situated in such a great area , that i had to go out and see some of the sites . this hotel has wonderful rooms and service , and is in a really great area . i suggest that everyone come here if they are staying in chicago . 
first let me say , i try not to be too critical , but in some cases the truth is warranted ! we checked in and things seemed fine . location was excellent . woke up the first morning , to a slightly rumpled bed covered in ' stains ' , i hope-filthy and not N star hotel quality . requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if i wanted it done to take off the privacy sign , i did and no one even came until later in the day . the room was big enough , had no drawers , suposedly remodeled but carpet didn ' t reach the wall , toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken . the mirrors were great and the water was always hot ! the walls were paper thin , i heard every conversation the guests next door had . they were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t . v . through the walls and vents . internet was N . N , worked for a bit and then not again , i called customer service and spent N minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later . the hotel did give us a credit for the charges . at this point , enough was enough , we packed our bags and checked out . the front desk was very helpful- kudos to rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops ! ! 
i love this hotel . it is one of the best that i have stayed in . the lobby was beautiful and the room was nice and comfortable . the made services was terrific . no matter what time we left the room it was made up when we came back . i asked the maid for a couple of extras and she was very nice and friendly . that is what i liked about the hotel the staff was so nice and friendly . i was there with my daughter for a girl ' s weekend from thursday - sunday . everyone from the doorman to the concierge to the people at the desk etc . was wonderful . i can ' t say enough good about this hotel . yes the bathroom was small , but i wasn ' t moving into the room . i was just staying there a few days and was hardly in the room anyway . i will definitely stay there again 
we have just returned from a week at the james chicago . the hotel is fabulous , very chic and chilled . the service is beyond compare . check in and out were swift and painless . the concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay . the hotel restaurant itself is rated N in the top N in chicago - voted by chicago residents . we stayed on the Nth floor with great views of the city . the room ( a deluxe king ) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies , hairdryer , safe , tv , robes slippers , a very interesting selection of minibar items ( one of which was a real surprise ! ) including crisps snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella ! we also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with kiehls products and a cosy little dining area . the ipod dock cd radio and complimentary chillout cd were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv . the super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary wifi allowed us to plan our next day ' s activities from our bedroom . we were so busy touring around the city we didn ' t get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab . the bar lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more . staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available . the barman mixes a mean mohito ! this hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e . g . the virtual tuck in service - basically a couple of pcs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they ' re away from home on business . also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends . next visit to chicago i ' ll definitely be staying here and wouldn ' t even consider an alternative if the james can maintain these standards . 
i gave the conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably . the hotel will not honor room requests . i expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation . i got there and my ' view ' was of the adjacent office building windows . i didn ' t pay nearly N a night for that . i called down and the manager was absolutely rude . ' that would ' ve required you to pay at least N more . . ' rude . lots and lots of mistakes happened . requested pillows were never sent up , the television sound was not functioning ( i . e . no sound ) , when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little . i ' ve had better service at a hampon inn ! when they screwed up our breakfast vouchers i had to physically go down and question it . . they said ' we will send them right up ' . . no , that never happened . absolutely ridiculous . the bathroom has always been nice , and the room had been renovated since i was there last year ( thank the lord ! ) . . . it had a nice ambiance to it . the bed was quite nice as well . the valet guys were fantastic , probably the nicest men within that entire hotel . also the bellman , and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said ' hi ' or ' hope you have a wonderful day ' . . i appreciated that . perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service . breakfast at the conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely . the service was abysmally inept , and not to mention slow . we had two different watresses and it took upward of N minutes just to get our juice . they looked like they hated their jobs , and treated us with the same attitude . we were never checked on after the food came . the food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking . i got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin ( burnt ) , a small croissant , and a tiny cinnamon roll . N dollars for that . laughable . or if you choose , for N dollars you can get some toast and juice ! spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money . overall , the managers need to learn what customer service means , and how to bend over backwards for a customer . otherwise your business will crumble . and the conrad has crumbled for me . i spent way too much money on terrible service . i ' ve already sent my opinions to hilton headquarters . i ' ll be looking at other hotels the next time im in chicago . 
this is a great hotel but there is no way that i would recommend it until the construction around it is complete . the elevator is the alley starts for the construction site behind at N Nam and goes on into the night . dumpster filling and emptying also seems to go on N N . worst of all , the restaurant is open to the sidewalk cafe here and the rats go scampering from the construction next door to street to grating . ugh ! 
swisses chicago nice , but lacking in some pretty basic expectations in our modern era in a great spot along the chicago waterfront . a spacious room is a comfortable respite from the city , but don ' t plug in your computer or hope for a free donut in the morning . no free wifi here , or affordable breakfast , or a free swim in the pool . just a ten-dollar-a-night charge for internet , an on average N plate for breakfast , and another N bucks a night for the ' fitness center . ' i ' ve stayed in small town no star motels where wifi is free as part of a N dollar room . get with it - this is N ! no free breakfast is not so bad as you probably ate too much for dinner and don ' t need it anyway , but for those of us who aren ' t charging everything to the company card some basics would be appreciated . coffee , milk , oj stale donuts , , muffins , maybe some cereal . throw us a little something besides fruit flavored water in the lobby . with regards to swimming , this is another one wrapped up in a fitness center fee but the pool is only open till N pm plan accordingly . this all makes the N fiji bottled water in the room seem like a bargain . summation drop the fees , the nickel dimming of folks , and just charge what you need to charge to compliment what is otherwise a nice hotel . 
i went to stay at this hotel last year . i have got to say it was a great authentic experience , the dining restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff . its location couldn ' t be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping . looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful . it is very affordable . i recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town . 
this hotel was chosen for me for a business convention . the lobby was pretty cool . but the rooms were tiny and very dark . i had a huge picture of kiss above my toilet . it was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting . the location is ok . you have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of michigan ave , but its not too bad . be prepared for some sad sights after dark . apparently panhandling is permitted in chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging ) because at night , the beggars come out . the saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -N temp night . those kids looked terrible . unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city . you don ' t see so many in the daylight . also the room service at the hard rock is pretty good . its plenty for N people . i would not stay here again though . i suggest the omni hotel . 
beautiful historic hotel -- and since i ' m in historic building business , was looking forward to stay . moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite , they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom , lamp fixtures literally falling off wall , mirror torn off wall , etc . ended up in a room on Nth floor -- much nicer , but yesterday waited N minutes for elevator on two separate occasions . only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors , so you can be stuck waiting for ever . when i raised this to hotel staff , was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it . umm , no . this is not an old building problem , this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it . thumbs way down , stay away . go to the drake or knickerbocker if you ' re looking for old world charm , sans hassle . 
upon my arrival at the hotel allegro in chicago i had to wait to be helped by a bellman for N minutes while i waited outside in the towncar . the bellman that ended up assisting me dropped two of my suitcases as he pushed his cart through the lobby . the front desk service rep was busy on the phone when i approched and raised a finger to me to hold on while she finished her call . once i recieved my key and entered my room i realized that i had been checked into a dirty room . i called the front desk and asked for a new room and the same desk rep . that i had previously checked in with told me that there wern ' t anymore available rooms . she told me that i needed to come back down to the lobby . as i approched the desk i heard her yelling at a housekeeper . she then told me that it would be a N minute wait and my room would be ready . i didn ' t have the energy to complain at that point having traveled on a plane for the past N hours so i just sat in the lobby waiting for my room to be cleaned . while i was waiting i watched another person being checked in and they were not only given a room without a reservation but they were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge - why was i not given that suite after what i just went through ? N minutes later the desk rep came over to me and let me know that my room was ready . i went back up to the same room that i had previously entered . it was clean but there was no toliet paper and no towels . i called back down to the desk rep and she said house keeping would be on thier way with the items . if my stay wasn ' t already horrible enough after i changed and went down to the N retaurant connected to the hotel i ended up having to wait N minutes after the reservation i had made to be seated . the meal was ok but nothing like i had expected it to be when i read about it online . i can honestly say i will never be returning to this hotel nor this restaurant . 
the air-condition has a noisy fan compressor in each room . it starts every N to N min and the noise will wake you up . at least the first night . this is an old fashion system that needs to be replaced . the postal service at the hotel is non-working . the hotel messed up our concert tickets that was correctly addressed and transported by ups . the tickets were at the hotel general managers office . the reception denied that they had arrived . we had to spend most of a day travelling to the ticket agent to resolve it . the hotel did not find any reason to apologize for the inconvenience . the concert was the reason for our travel to chicago . else , the hotel had good standard , free internet in the lobby , not to good view from the rooms , and friendly staff at the restaurants and the bars . we had booked N room-nights all together staying at room N , N and N from the Nrd june . 
we have stayed at several high end places in chicago and this is still our favorite . location is superb , staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying . cornell , at the front desk , is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge . we love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program , high speed internet is gratis , as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing . bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains ! we have never had a bad stay at this hotel . 
my husband and i recently visited the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel on one of his business trips . i sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work ( don ' t worry- he likes when i return with little ' souvenirs ' for him , too ) . aside from the lovely city of chicago , this hotel was just amazing ! we had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from houston and were so tired ! the staff was genuine and friendly , all while being professional and prompt . we were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room . too tired to really take it in , we were in bed and asleep in minutes . the beds were quite welcoming ! it wasn ' t until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel ! it ' s gorgeous ! everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated ! the lobby somehow didn ' t make it into our sleepy eyes the night before , but it was just lovely ! later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant . sushi is one of my husband ' s favorites , so he tends to be picky . they passed the test according to him ! we also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well . . . everything tasted great and was of excellent quality . of our two night stay there , the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels ( i use a lot of towels i suppose ) . however , a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones . this however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay ! overall-- we ' d love to go there again ! maybe next time i can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa . . . wink 
this is a great hotel ! the views are fabulous , the service it friendly and the location is superb . we booked a room on an upper floor and had access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks were available with picture perfect views of the chicago river . the only negative is that the ceilings in the hall and room are low and can make you feel a little cramped . we booked our room for N a night for memorial day weekend . it was a steal ! i highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning ! 
this hotel had a great location , but you can do much better for the money . the hallways smelled of smoke , dirty elevators , furniture in the lobby was thread bare . the staff was very helpful . the room was large , bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered . if you have any allergies don ' t stay here ! 
when my sister got married last summer , our stay at the sheraton hotel was delightful ! billy and the kids and i were exhausted after the long flight from san francisco , so it ' s a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax ! the kids adored the indoor pool , billy couldn ' t stop talking about the beautiful jogging path , and i even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day . the reception dinner at shula ' s steakhouse was fun and delicious . i would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in chicago for an extended visit ! 
hotel monaco is simply amazing . i travel quite a bit , and am use to generic hotels , with horribly unimpressive rooms , and ' N star amenities ' which usually mean a packet of instant coffee , and room service that won ' t serve after Npm . hotel monaco on the other hand was very impressive . the suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy . this hotel has such personality . my absolute favorite part of my stay , aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs , was the in-room spa treatment . hotel monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me . generic just won ' t do anymore . 
i really enjoyed staying at this hotel . the separated living room and bedroom made it feel like i was renting a nice furnished apartment instead of a hotel room . the kitchen was a comfort since i could prepare a meal for myself if i wished , and the refrigerator and microwave was a must since i never finish my meals when i go out to eat . i felt more at ease here rather than the detatched feeling i have with most hotels . i would recommend staying at this hotel if you want to feel comfortable and welcome in a sophisticated atmosphere . 
as a former chicagoan , i ' m appalled at the amalfi hotel chicago . first of all , i was expecting luxury and hospitality , neither of which i received . there ' s an experience designer who is supposed to be like a ' personal concierge , ' but my experience with my ed was terrible . i felt like he was trying to pressure me into staying more days than i wanted to . not only that , but i couldn ' t understand what he was saying most of the time because he was talking so fast . when i finally got to my room , i was disappointed with the quality of the furniture and the room ' s cleanliness . i had to ask for a maid to come and give me clean towels because some of the towels in the bathroom were damp . on top of that , the bed was messily done i could have done a better job on my own bed at home . i was angry at this point , because i was paying a lot of money for every night i was staying at amalfi , and i didn ' t expect to be greeted with wet towels . i needed to use the wi-fi to download some important documents , and the internet was surprisingly slow . even a very basic hotel or motel could have offered better , maybe even faster internet access . when i finally checked out of the amalfi , i made sure that my supposed personal concierge knew all of the problems i ' d had with my room and the hotel . i was glad to see the amalfi getting smaller in the mirror as i drove away ! 
after reading good reviews about i booked a N night stay . checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we ' d have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for N teens . they somehow had us booked for two rooms instead . got that sorted out and arrived around N pm . checked in and waited for our luggage . . . finally went down and got it ourselves . the room was a little grungy , furniture shabby , and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover . ewww . called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me . fyi it ' s kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel . next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn ' t work . called for a replacement , waited a while , called again and was brought another iron which also didn ' t work . third time was a charm . oh boy . too bad we paid in advance . won ' t be staying here again . 
i stayed at the monaco-chicago back in april . i was in town on business , and the hotel was recommended by a friend of mine . having spent a weekend there , i have no idea what my friend was talking about . the complimentary morning coffee was weak the fitness room was dimly lit and i thought i ' d have to have my clothes mailed back to me when i used their supposed ' overnight ' laundry service for a suit i spilled some wine on . my room was adequate , but nowhere near what i ' ve seen elsewhere at this price point . recent renovation must be slang for ' everything is stiff and smells of industrial adhesive . ' the mattress in my room was incredibly firm , and i slept poorly . when i travel , i expect an experience similar to or better than my experience at home . at most hotels , i receive excellent service and comfortable accomodations . this was an exception to my usual , and i won ' t be back anytime soon . 
i was very disappointed with this hotel . i have stayed in other swissotels and enjoyed them very much , but the service can only be described as aloof . there was no warmth during the prolonged checkin procedure , and the woman repeatedly asked me to provide information i had given her minutes ago . precise , indeed . room service took forever to pick up ( good sign in a way busy because they are good ) , but the food arrived very late and very cold . the man tried to replace it , but than took another hour , and i was never given a price reduction , free dessert , or anything to apologize . as for cleanliness , they must be next to godly , as they knocked on my door at N , despite the fact i had a doorknocker requesting no service ( i ' m a late sleeper . ) very disappointed with my stay . this hotel clearly did not help build the chain ' s reputation . 
when i was asked to stay at the swissotel in chicago , i immediately went to their website to check them out . what i found there was decent , nothing really stood out . it wasn ' t until i actually went there that my eyes were opened . the amazing customer service i received there was exceptional . every whim and detail i asked for they helped me perfectly . the room was neatly fixed when i arrived and was cleaned every day . when i asked about more towels , the maids were happy to help me out . if i were ever to be in that area again , i know exactly where i ' m staying , the swissotel . 
i am so glad i decided to stay at the intercontinental chicago for my first trip to the city . the staff is very attentive , i felt like i was the only person they had to take care of ! the location is great , right on the magnificent mile and so close to major attractions . my suite was well appointed and very clean . i even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn ' t find any . the hotel is very luxurious . the sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable . the next time i travel to chicago , i will definitely stay at the intercontinental again . 
my husband and i did not enjoy stay at hotel allegro ! the room was so small . the bathroom was ridiculously stupid , everytime you use the sink you would splash water on yourself . truly one person at time in the bathroom , it was like being in an airplane ' s bathroom . the walls are so thin , we heard the people across hall having sex . the some staff were really rude . i did not appreciate it when we had a sign on the door saying do not disturb the day of our check out . check out time is Nam or N and we got a know on the door at Nam with the sign stating ' do not disturb . ' the hotel did not have any microwaves in their rooms , no mini fridge , and no coffee maker either . no drawers to put your clothes in and the closet was very very very tiny . we were there for four days and three nights , so we had three suit cases full of clothes and no places to store them at . i also hated the fact that we had to pay almost fifty to park our car . my husand and i will never stay at hotel allegro again ! ! ! 
i expected a glamorous room and i walked into a disappointment . housekeeping and management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel . if you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn ' t go down past N , the closet is N ' wide , all old dirty brass fixtures , beds that are a little bigger than a twin , showerheads that barely put out water , then this is your hotel . i might be spoiled by staying in marriott ' s , but i stay in hotels N N of the year and was severly disappionted . no free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again . 
my husband and i came to the ambassador east hotel for my sister ' s wedding . the hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over N guests . when we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were , helping us check and get our guests situated . they were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest ' s rooms . our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed , with a view of the city . we held the rehearsal dinner groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall . after my sister was married in a church downtown , we held the reception in the large banquet hall . again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner , the dj and all of the wedding ' s decorations . we had a great time . ambassador east hotel is highly recommended ! 
my fiancee and i were looking for a modern , upscale venue for our wedding reception . we have found the perfect location at the james . from the ballroom to the personal attention to detail , each step was handled with care . now that we have locked in our date , we are more excited than ever . thank you staff at the james for making our day even more special ! 
my stay at the the james was perfect . my room was thoughtfully designed the lighting , the storage space , the bar area , the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at . the staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating . the restaurant ( primehouse ) echoed the above . great service and one of the best steaks i ' ve had in a very long time . 
spent three nights in chicago at this property . first of all , i have to say that it would be hard to imagine a better location as it is perfectly situated on the magnificent mile close to terrific restaurants , the art institute and orchestra hall . the hotel has two sides - the historic tower and a new wing . the rooms are larger on the historic side but generally are looking a little tired . this property needs to be renovated . some observations the junior suite i had was laid out strangely . a small bedroom and smaller sitting room separated by a corridor off of which was the very large bathroom . the mirror over the sink was not over the sink but skewed to the right - made shaving a challenge and messy . while descending in the elevator one morning , it started shaking so violently that i could barely stand up . it stopped on the Nth floor and i was greeted by an extremely worried looking hotel employee who had a technician shut it down . ( this experience was far more powerful than coffee in helping me wake up - an adrenaline rush certainly cures sleepiness ! ) reports from my group were of sinks stopped up , exposed bolts in rooms , and generally things not working . now the good news - the staff is terrific . they make you feel welcome , are personable , have their own personalities , great service in the bar and really went the extra distance to help . i wish they had a better property to work in . 
the hyatt regency chicago hotel was a delight to stay at . i ' ve never been to chicago before , but the location was fantastic . they had all sorts of different rooms , from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms . i ' ve never seen so many options for rooms . the room i stayed in was well worth the nightly price . the location was so close to all the activities my husband and i had planned for our vacation . we have never been treated so much like royalty than at the chicago hyatt regency . 
the intercontinental chicago hotel is absolutely magnificent . the rooms are of utmost standard and you get treated with such respect . the staff is always there no matter what . not only is the hotel beautiful but it surrounded by beautiful lights and beautiful skyscrapers . i give it two dumbs up . if you are ever in chicago the intercontinental chicago is the place to stay . 
great front desk staff , the rest of the experience was dreadful . the room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained i have ever encountered . we had to ask four times for the staff not to slam the supply closet , adjacent to our room ( almost in the room itself ) . they do these random room checks for the minibar , as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of N peanuts . the roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones . if you like sleeping in on your vacation , don ' t stay here . also , the hotel was under massive construction , a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website . so we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it . no discount because of the work and noise . i ' d rather sleep in a box in the alley . 
i stay in chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the chicago hilton . i pretty much only stay at hilton properties and have stayed at tons from hawaii all the way to budapest . this hilton is not up to par . it ' s clean and the front desk staff is nice , but in chicago , the drake , doubletree guest suites , and even the hilton garden inn are all superior to the chicago hilton ( and less expensive ) . compared to other hilton properties in chicago , the rooms were not as well appointed , the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice , the tv was tiny , the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long , and the breakfast you get was more like a hampton inn than a N star hotel . if you ' re going to chicago and you like hilton brand hotels , you can do far better than this place . 
this hotel was very overpriced for what you get from staying here . the amalfi hotel chicago advertises itself as a ' luxury hotel ' located in downtown chicago . since it is in downtown chicago , that means that i had street noises keeping me up most of the night . my view also suffered . they had nicer rooms available with better views , but the markups to stay in them was outrageous ! the room itself was decent , with clean linens and nice air conditioning , but i can get that in just about any hotel these days . there wasn ' t anything particularly luxurious about the hotel to make it a stand-out for me , but for the price i paid for the room , i certainly had that expectation . it was a let down . 
i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror . they admitted it was their fault , and now they won ' t pay the N to fix it because we can ' t prove it was not broken before ! ! ! the hotel is wonderful , the rooms are new and nice , but we will never stay here again because of this . . . . be sure to inspect your car before you leave ! 
we spent a week in this hotel and were very pleased with the experience . as described in previous reviews . the room was very comfortable with the huge televison and bathroom being particularly outstanding . service was excellent overall ( i especially liked the bottle of water at my bedside with the turn down service ) . the door and bellmen women were particularly pleasant and helpful and the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable . we had completely satisfactory ( though overpriced ) drinks in the bar but didn ' t eat at the restaurant . the health club was fine and the equipment was well maintained . while there were only three treadmills and two elipitical steppers , i never had to wait for a machine although it might be a different story in the dead of a chicago winter ! one minor quibble--i like to have coffee first thing in the morning and there was no in-room coffee maker . the restaurant offered free coffee ' to-go ' but only before eight am . this is a very , very comfortable , attractive hotel in a wonderful location . chicago is an expensive city but we felt that we got a reasonable value for our money . 
we also just returned from a frigid weekend in chicago . i booked the ambassador east because of its great rate , N . N with my aaa card and we were delighted . yes , the rooms show some signs of wear , but the warmth and charm far make up for it . this was such a pleasant change from the sleek , modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels . we became members of the i preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in . we had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom . we had wonderful food at the pump room which is classic . our oatmeal there was so tastefully served , i ' d love to have some right now ! the location was great . had it been normal winter weather , we could have easily walked to michigan avenue for shopping , but due to the minus N degree windchills , we opted for a cab which was less than a N . N fare . we also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all . we would definitely stay here again ! 
i was in chicago from september N-N for a convention . . my company booked this hotel for me . the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away . perfect location ! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette . breakfast is the best . . . bountiful . . not just muffins and toast . . . i mean everything you can imagine . . . waffles , bacon , sausage , hash browns , toast , danishes , omelets , burritos , all freshly made . . . not artifical . . . really good . and clean . . also they have a free dinner . . . buffet . . excellent . . . mexican night , chinese night , american fare . . all included . . wine and beer also . . well worth the expensive price of N a night . a very classy and clean hotel . . i love chicago . . . will come again ! 
negative points N . i guess they gave me the worst room . it ' s small room with a king size bed even though i ' d requested a room with two queen beds . N . no roll away bed was available so i had to sleep on the floor . N . the tub in the bathroom would not drain . N . no exhaust fan in the bathroom . N . broken furniture . plus point N . convenient location . 
we stayed at the conrad for N nights for a friends reunion . the room was clean and new feeling , nice city view , free bottled water in room upon arrival . check in was a breeze , and our room was ready even though we were several hours early . all staff was friendly and helpful , excellent breakfast . 
we live down the block from the hotel . we arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away . the floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night . i think the ambassador east was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there . over the years i had had some visiting groups stay there . i had also eaten there and been to the bar but i had never stayed there myself . the lobby is elegant . the service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated . the location is the best residential area in the city ( as far as i am concerned -- i live two blocks away ) and it is very convenient to north michigan avenue ( a good shopping street ) and reasonably convenient to the loop ( the main business area ) there are also probably N restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city . i paid less than N including tax for one night . i am not sure what their regular rates are but i think my deal was the best travel bargain around . 
great expectations from the hotel of the fugitive ! wonderful lobby ! and that ' s it ! the room was old in style and furnitures , the tv was from the other century , no minibar , no wireless internet , no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room , those guys ignore that we are in the era of ipad without cable connections . small room , small bathroom , rude service room . they have lost my credit card number and want cash on delivery for a breakfast of N dollars . robbery in the business center , N , N cents a minute for internet connection , you have to pay to use word , or excel . never again ! 
just returned from a one night stay at the knickerbocker , and i will not return . it came nowhere near being worth the price i paid . hotel burnham is twice the hotel at half the price ! the bathroom was unbelieveably small and smelled terribly . we had to call the front desk twice before towels that we requested were delivered ( which frankly may as well have been paper towels , nothing plush about them at all ) . we didn ' t have enough pillows and when we requested an extra it was never delivered . room service cart was left outside our door all night . all in all , it was a very disappointing stay . the only redeeming quality of this hotel seems to be its location . and for me , it ' s just not worth it . 
my N nieces and i stayed here for a long weekend , we had a wonderful time . we arrived early around N Nam and they let us into our room . this was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later room was very clean as was the bathroom . with N women we needed extra towels , they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered . room was also quiet , construction going on behind us and we never heard anything . beds comfy and so were the quilts . . . good location for michigan ave . all in all a wonderful stay . would return . 
very disappointed in our stay in chicago monoco . we have stayed many times elsewhere , primarily in washington dc and are accustomed to great customer service , beverages like water or soda at the wine bar , coffee and papers in the morning , help with bags . not only did the chicago monoco do none of these things , the staff was not helpful , either . requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there . you got the feeling you were ' bothering ' people if you asked a question . no bellman , the doorman did not open the door or help with bags . even though we were traveling with a child , i had to request a fish when they did not bring it . really baffling . . as we love the monoco in washington . 
hello , i recently stayed at the affinia hotel in chicago , and was very unhappy when i learned of additional charges upon arrival . when i made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees . when i arrive i ' m told fee to valet park is N per day , plus another N for internet . this is just plain ridiculous , and will remember not to stay here in future . there ' s too many other fine hotels that don ' t charge these fees . 
the heating in our room didn ' t work and wasn ' t repaired depite numerous requests , the rooms were very small , the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay , the cleaner made the bed but nothing else , when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the N night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent , it took the hotel N months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-atlantic phone calls to them . 
just putting in a good word for the hard rock hotel in chicago . the reviews i read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect . the location was perfect . the hotel was beautiful . our view was awesome . the room was large enough and very clean . the bed was very comfy . the staff were helpful - especially the concierge , jared . i couldn ' t find anything negative to say . if you want to stay in downtown chicago - you can ' t go wrong with this cool hotel . 
i recently had the opportunity to stay at the conrad chicago hotel , located on north rush street . as part of the hilton hotel chain , i was confident that i would have a positive experience . unfortunately , from the time i walked in the door until the time i checked out , i was plagued with nothing but problems . when i walked into the hotel , i was not greeted by the concierge , which is usually a bad sign . ( he was reading a newspaper . ) then , when i announced that i was holding a reservation , they desk clerk was unable to find it . i had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system , but they could not find the room i had reserved . finally , they assigned me a room , but it was smaller than i had originally requested and it had a bad odor . i was very disappointed with the room and its decor . the room smelled of stale smoke , even though it was on a non-smoking floor . the bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom . i had to keep checking to make sure i was really at the conrad chicago . surely , this was not the way the hilton chain operates ! there continued to be problem throughout my stay . i asked for a wake-up call and it was N minutes late , which had me scurrying around so i could make my business meeting . i ordered breakfast to be brought to my room , and it never showed up -- at all ! and the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm , so my shower was short and unsatisfying . i decided to check out of the conrad chicago a day earlier than originally planned because i was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues . upon my return home , i wrote a letter to the hotel manager , but never received a reply . because they refused to acknowledge that i had problems , i will not be staying at the conrad chicago again , and will avoid all hilton hotels in the future . 
my husband and i stayed here at the hard rock hotel in chicago a few months back . i wasn ' t particularly impressed with their customer service . when we arrived to check in , the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly . she was short with me when i asked her about the city ' s attractions and things to do . our room wasn ' t all that great either . it was rather small and had a weird smell to it . i won ' t be staying here again . 
the affinia hotel is beautiful ! it ' s in a great location , the service is top-notch , and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious . the look of the hotel is very modern , but it feels warm and cozy , too . the restaurant is amazing ! i thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back ! if you ' re planning a trip to chicago , check this place out ! 
i never write these reviews , but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the N N travelers choice . terrible service , lazy doormen bellmen concierge valet , lack of respect , allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints , phantom charges to room , front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus . the icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son , and the doorman watched on doing nothing . me and my girlfriend are young , look young in how we dress , but in all honesty make more money than most . . . and we were treated like cheap poor kids . i had dinner reservations at spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up , the concierge exclaimed that , ' you know its not jeans and running shoes right mr . blank ? ' assuming i was too dumb to realize that a N star N person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because i am young ? very dissapointed . very nice looking , comfortable beds , great room service , contemporary , younger crowd , but service was terrible . 
after checking out of the sofitel chicago water tower the other day , i left the hotel , crossed the street and started to walk eb on chestnut while looking for a cab . i was still within sight of a sofitel doorman when i sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same . after doing so , i immediately heard a sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle . as the cab slowed to pick me up , the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction . when the cab stopped , i quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the sofitel doorman . after locking the door , the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab . after claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs , he suggested that i had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a ' jerk ' before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination . consequently , unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen , please don ' t attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman . lastly , as for the rest of my stay , you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in french instead of english . while i have nothing against the french or french language , i much prefer communicating in english when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world . viva la usa ! 
this is a stylish hotel located right on north michigan avenue , a five minute walk from the orange ' loop ' line that will get you to and from midway airport . forget about taking a taxi the train is a N ride and less than N minutes away . our room ( N ) was immaculate and spacious ( N sq ft , we were told ) . decorated in grays and white , the room was comfortable and soothing , not jarring . on the other hand , we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading , finding keys , etc . no kidding . the bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp . on the positive side , however , there were aveda products in the bathroom , the windows were huge , so during the day there was tons of natural light , and no issues with darkness . the king size bed was very firm , but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting . we had a largish tv with a dvd player . there is a safe and munchies . the gym is perfect , equipped with treadmills , ellipticals , bikes and weights . it is open N N and there is video surveillance for safety . there are towels , water , headphones , disposable ear pads , and complimentary green apples . suggestion if you are on a floor below the Nnd , take the elevator up to Nnd , then down to lN to get to the gym . this way you dont have to traverse the lobby . the front desk staff is amiable , and very attentive . i read some other reviews about nasty personnel , but did not have that experience at all . i got a free newspaper with a smile , a free stamp when i needed it , change and all the coffee i could tolerate in the morning . the hard rock is located less than a N minute walk from the water tower , the drury theater , john hancock , and magnificent mile . for those who like a thrifty breakfast , we recommend gourmet pantry at N n . michigan avenue -- . this deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a sunday morning , no less N . N . the hotel has a breakfast buffet for N . N per person , but we did not partake of it . we would stay at the hard rock again , and think it is great for people with ' tweens . ' not sure about the toddler set , though . 
the stay at the hilton chicago definetely felt like a vacation . sleeping in that big wonderful bed felt like i was at home ! the accommodations and hotel are beautiful . i especially enjoyed the gym . the staff was friendly and helpful . i would reccommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a home away from home . 
we brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time . small rooms , but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene . lots of interesting amenities in the room . convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping . really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone . lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere . watch out the concierge ( like all concierges at big hotels ) will direct you to mediocre , large restaurants where they get kickbacks . we have stayed here several times and i always check for rooms here when i travel to chicago . however , the hotel is often full so book early . 
very centrally located in the loop directly south of the Nth day adventist church ( my room looked down upon wacker drive , the aforementioned church and the chicago river . small room , virtually no storage space . attended a conference with the monaco as venue . they provided adequate service , with no problems . this was the first time i spent with a kimpton hotel and i registered for their frequent stay program . i never felt comfortable in this hotel . i ' m N yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age . rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender . the young people can have at it . i ' ll stay at the marriott michigan ave next time . 
my family and i were in chicago for a friend ' s wedding . we had asked around to find a hotel that was nice , but affordable and were pointed in the direction of the intercontinental chicago hotel . the hotel appeared very nice , and to have all the amenities room service , wifi , clean rooms . unfortunately , as it turned out , appearances can be deceiving . it begins at the desk , where the clerk was downright rude and uncaring . he said they didn ' t have any rooms available because we didn ' t make arrangements . it was getting late , and we had no place to go , there weren ' t any hotels nearby and my kids were starving . i asked if there was anything he could do , and he said that i will have to ask someone else because he was busy . i talked with his manager and after a bit of fussing , the manager apologized and moved us into a room for the night . apparently , our expectations for what would be the normal amenities for a hotel stay was above standard , because this room wasn ' t even clean and the wifi didn ' t work . we ordered room service , and it never came , even after several complaints . it doesn ' t end there either when we got home we found that the hotel had charged us for the room service . overall , this was a very frustrating experience , and i wouldn ' t stay there again . 
i truly enjoyed my stay at the omni chicago hotel . we stayed in a suite , which was clean and extremely nice , at a very reasonable rate . my husband and i spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool , but personally i preferred laying out on the sundeck . service was excellent they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown chicago area . 
it was my first time to visit chicago and i would say , i ' d definitely go back , not just because of the air and water show that we really enjoyed , but most importantly , because of the hotel that we stayed in . the millennium knickerbocker is not just accommodating to their human guests , but with pets too . at first i was reluctant that they will give us accommodations because of my pet dog , but i was surprised it turned out the other way . i ' ve experienced being denied reservations because of my dog and that ' s really frustrating , it ' s just nice that there still are other hotels that are pet friendly . i would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends if they plan to visit chicago . 
my wife and i stayed for N nights and loved it . our stay was booked for us by virgin atlantic when we booked our flights from london to chicago . we were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the hilton brand name . in the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel . on arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient . the interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built . the room we were given was a good size with N queen bed which was particularly comfortable . the hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby . the first night we ate at the hotel ' s own gourmet restaurant ( the lockwood ) which did not disappoint . the breakfasts are also served in this restaurant . we had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered . generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful . a nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving . a member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive . overall i would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money . 
this hotel was wonderful ! i am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it ! pros the front desk and the staff ! ! ! -helpful knew great places to eat and how to get there breakfast pastries , coffee , tea , muffins , etc fresh drinks hors d ' oeuvres yummy ! ! rooms -clean -well decorated lots of people of different ages stayed there cons very very very far from the museums 
stayed here for N nights in apri . from check in the stay was perfect all round , staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially chris and scott . the location couldn ' t be better right on michigan avenue so easy access to everything . room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day . will definately recommend it to friends and family . 
fantastic stay ! the hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean . i chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was very close to my business conference . here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown chicago charm . be sure to try the ribs at south water kitchen next door . they are the best i ' ve ever had . ever ! if youre in the mood to unwind , you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around . i had a great time here . from now on , i won ' t stay anyplace else . 
i called on december Nth , N at N p . m . to book a room for an upcoming weekend getaway , and was taken aback when the phone was picked up and promptly hung up without a word . thinking this might have been a simple mistake , i gave it another try . a woman introducing herself as ' toni ' answered the phone , rushed through her introduction , sounding incredibly bored and annoyed that she had to answer the phone . barely letting a second go by after her introduction , she gave a snotty ' hello ? ! ' before i could open my mouth and tell her ' never mind . ' never has a hotel answered my call so rudely . i ' d like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and pin this unpleasant experience to ' toni ' however i will not be calling back again in hopes to stay at this hotel during this trip . 
when you check into a hotel after being stuck in a airport , you areusually not in the best of mood . i , working in a upscale hotel , do encounter many guests checking in who this has happened to . all they want is a friendly face and a smooth check in . the desk clerk who checked me in at this property , did neither . she was short , rude , handed me my keys and walked away . i would never go back to this property due to this . 
first of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all , the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is . then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room . the room it ' s self is very spacious and clean . the pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel , they never seemed to run out . the service is beyond exceptional . i would recommend staying at homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown to anyone . 
great beds , clean rooms , amazing bathroom , nifty view , wonderful service , expensive parking ( N , but it ' s chicago ) , speedy in and out . very european in sensibility and amenities , but with air conditioning ! 
for a short time during vacation i had rented a room from the ambassador east hotel , i have to say i was quite impressed with what i experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location . the hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed , and trust me i am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot . the food is good , location is great , everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here . 
i stayed at the swissotel chicago while i was on holiday recently and i have to say , that you definitely get what you pay for ! i was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised . i was sorely mistaken . the first problem i had was when i got there they told me that they had double booked the suite i had reserved . they gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room . i should have left then but i decided to keep an open mind . after we were all settled in my husband and i went to the palm restaurant . my husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times . each time we asked them to fix it , they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff . after dinner , we went back to our room . just sitting on the bed i knew it would be a long night . the mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them . when i went to the restroom , the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons ! my husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one . we just didn ' t want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in . i tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional . he pressed really had and hurt my back . perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session ! for lunch we tried geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way . i decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later ! once i got sick , i was done . i went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because i was not going to sleep there one more night . i made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable . after a lot of arguing , he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel . this was the worst place i had ever stayed ! i think a super N motel would have been more luxurious ! 
i stayed at the palmer house for N night on a corporate rate . the bed was excellent , the linens towels were top of the line . i did not find my room shabby , as other reviewers noted . the palmer house is over N years old . rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture i think that lends to the ambience of the place . it is expensive , and i ' m not sure i ' d stay there if my company weren ' t picking up the tab . but the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring . 
i had a business trip coming up in chicago and i wanted to stay someplace really nice , cause i had never been there , so made reservations with the james two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when i arrived they had no record of it . no big deal , right ? they said they would take care of it and get me a room right away . . . two hours later i ' m still sitting in the lobby ! finally i get to my room to try and relax . everything was nice until i decided to take a shower . i went into the bathroom . . . no towels , wash cloths , nothing . i called down to the front desk and asked for some , about an hour later someone came up with one . maybe they were just really busy ? finally i get in the shower and the handle is broken ! ! ! i went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that i broke it ! ! ! they said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that i must have done something to it ! ! ! leaving that hotel was the easiest decision i made on my whole trip . two thumbs down ! 
the james chicago is a stuffy , uninviting hotel . if you are looking for all of the comforts of home , do not stay here . the rooms are like boardrooms , not bedrooms . definitely not a child-friendly hotel . the restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious . i would not vacation here again , especially not with children . they were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel ! 
the talbott is definitely not worth the price you pay . i was really looking forward to staying here since it was recently renovated was in a good location . unfortunately , it just didn ' t live up to the hype . ' recently renovated ' apparently means it was redone in the last decade , not the last year . it was just very tired-looking . also very disappointing was the food , and the service was hit or miss . i expected better from a hotel of this caliber . bottom line , there are better places with better value . stay elsewhere . 
we booked an american girl place package at fairmont chicago millennium park . told that we ' d have a room with a nice view , apparently their idea of a nice view is of another building ! ended up getting a smoking room when we booked non-smoking , cost us N more a night than we were told , and staff was incredibly rude at the restaurant . would never recommend coming here for any reason whatsoever ! 
i would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are . for my wife and i , we enjoy the warmer colors . cleanliness along with excellent staff , made me feel away from home yet relaxed . being right downtown was perfect for location . the suites are very quiet as well . i surprised my wife with the ' shopping package ' . what a hit ! thanks homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown ! ! 
my boyfriend and i were amazed by the breathtaking view of lake michigan ! we are from texas so the view of the city was very important to us . we had no problems at this hotel . . . rooms , service , location were top notch . 
i traveled to chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away . our stay at the sofitel chicago water tower could not have been more luxurious ! our room had anything you could ever want , a mini bar , air conditioning . we were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants . the staff was friendly , and the beds were like clouds . overall , the experience was worth every penny . 
when i went to the james hotel in chicago i truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising . gorgeous chairs , staff at the desk focusing on their job , and a clean , well decorated hotel room . much to my , and my wallet ' s dismay i found quite the opposite . i arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed , and found the clerk reading a magazine . it must have been a fascinating article , as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if i had a reservation , or would be making one . i said i had one , and gave him the voucher i ' d printed out . he checked it , and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out , he went on to say that i would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if i wished to stay the night . i grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and i desperately needed to get some sleep . the clerk offered to walk me to my room , saying i looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after i got some sleep . i accepted , and followed him to my new room . he carried the briefcase i had with me , but it was not apparent why at the time as i had both hands free . he ushered me into my room , setting the briefcase down inside , and said if i needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything . i thanked him and closed the door . it was then that i looked around and fully saw where i was staying . what was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds N ' apart , covered in ruffled blankets and sheets . the cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently . a quick look around the other areas and i found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap , not even the complementary ones were left behind . i got ready for bed , and looked around for the tv remote , which it turned out , had no batteries in it . instead , i just turned out the lights and rolled over , sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option . in the morning i walked down to the lobby and asked to check out . i ' d had enough of the hotel after one night . the clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill . N for my room , and an extra N with a note about a baggage service . i asked her about it , and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service . i asked if it was considered reasonable to charge N for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up , and riding the elevator , and she said it was unusual , but not unheard of . she offered to change it to a ' mere ' N and handed me a slip with a phone number , name , and reason for the disagreement , saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and i after i signed it . i did so , and left , my wallet N lighter , and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep . 
oh my goodness , this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown chicago . it all went well enough checking in , but them went downhill . there was so much left to be desired . the biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet , i kid you not ! i guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it , i just don ' t know . but for the prices they charge , this type of thing is unacceptable . most everything else about the actual room was as expected . the noise was a bit more than i ' m used to though , but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us . so we asked to be moved to another room , they did get us in another room , but that took nearly N hours . the second room worked out well for us , but i won ' t be risking staying here again . plus the pool was not available , i really wish they would have mentioned that on their website , i was looking forward to it for days . all in all , it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location , but they need to work on their customer service before i ' ll reconsider staying at the homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown . 
i must say , this hotel is absolutely beautiful . my wife and i were blown away by the penthouse fitness center and pool all the way up on the Nnd floor . very well designed rooms with great linens and pillows . the bathrooms were a nice change of pace from the boring hotel bathrooms we usually see . overall an excellent experience here , great views and close to everything you could want to do in chicago . 
amalfi hotel chicago is just minutes from navy pier , michigan avenue , the chicago opera theater , the house of blues , and the hottest night clubs . at N . N per night , you can expect the very best from your staff , and your accomodations . when i arrived for my weekend stay , i was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art , and eclectic style . after reaching my room , i was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows . i didn ' t choose to use the spa this trip , but when i come back , it will be the first item on my list ! the business office was great , because i had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour . breakfast was delicious . i have already told a friend from naperville that the next time i ' m in town , she ' ll have to stay at amalfi with me , instead of commuting . she really missed out ! -atlanta girl- 
got a good deal on a weekend pacage in this hotel and have to say it is the nicest stay i have had in more than a dozen business trips to chicago . all rooms are suites , staff is friendly and professional , restaurant is out of this world and all the extras like a great health club , turn down service , complimentary morning beverages delivered to room and on and on . room was very clean and every need was attended to without feeling intruded on . will definately stay here again . 
my family stayed at this hotel and walking into the lobby i expected a very good experience . once i made my way to the counter and was greeted ( not really ) i knew this may be a bad experience . the customer service person was rude and did not wait on me for a few minutes . once i got up to the room it looked like someone had just checked out . the high chair that we requested still had spots of food on it . the rest room had water on the counter and very little toilet paper . after we got settled we went down to the dining room for supper and was disappointed in the service and the food quality for the price we paid . luckily we only had to stay there one day . one day was almost too long . 
this hotel is dizzying with all of the bold colors and patterns everywhere . it smells because pets are allowed . this hotel is also extremely dirty because of the pets allowed . there was mold in our room and bathroom , pet hair everywhere ! kids love pools . how can they claim to be kid friendly without one ? my kid was bored . the food was basically the same every day , no variation in the menu . pictures on their website of the rooms must be reserved for their ' travel club ' because our room didn ' t even remotely resemble the pictures . they did the old bait and switch . we reserved a ' family room ' . when we opened the door of our room , we realized that it wasn ' t what the website pictured or had what the website described . we kept our mouths shut for fear of retaliation by the hotel workers . definitely do not recommend this hotel ! ! ! 
the hard rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway . the rooms are quiet , the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size . we had fabulous service and got a great rate . other than the fact that there were no bathrobes ( it ' s listed as an amenity ) and the sony radio didn ' t work , it was perfect . would definitely stay there again ! 
stayed in old tower . room was nice and room service was very good . room wi-fi was expensive as was the bottled water . for the price of the room , at least there should at least have been water . i would rate the value as sub-par . the restaurant menu was not great , food mediocre by comparison to other downtown chicago restaurants and the service was below average especially since there were only three tables in use in the entire restaurant . . in summary , i will go to the m . . . or h . . . next time . some of the above comments are based on a previous week resort stay on the outer banks of north carolina and earlier this year in northern california . p . s . if you are a fitness room user , the N per stay per person is a good deal at this hotel . 
we stayed N nights over spring break in what was called a jr suite but resembled a wide hallway with a window at one end . bad cheap furniture , carpet that stops short of reaching the wall , a tv that sticks out into the middle of the room and a window that whistled when the wind blew . bad bad experience . find aother hotel plenty in the area . 
the omni chicago hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels i have ever had the oppertunity to visit . not only are the desk clerks very helpful , but you feel like a celebrity when you visit . the workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp . they also have a great indoor pool and a spa . it also comes with N sundecks to get a nice tan . if you need a vacation , this is the place to stay . 
great hotel in heart of chicago for business or pleasure . rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large . flat screen tvs , marble baths , all rooms are suites , great desk , kitchenette , comfortable bed , free wireless internet . . . everything you could ask for . location is easy walk to magnificient mile and lots of great restaurants . staff is friendly and helpful . short cab ride to loop . 
wow ! ! where do i start ? booked this hotel through hotels . com for less than i paid for the travellodge downtown . check in was a breeze , the entire staff was friendly and helpful . our room was huge . the king bed was very comfortable . our room also had N nightstands , N chairs with a small table , a desk , and walk-in closet . even with all the furniture , the room was very spacious . the room did show some signs of wear , but i think this adds to the charm and the rich history of this hotel . the hotel is located in a neighborhood , so it felt like we were staying in a condo or a home rather than a hotel . there is very little noise , however , you are only about N blocks from rush and division streets , with all the nightlife , and the red line at clark and division is only N blocks away . we decided to walk to michigan ave and the next thing we knew , we were at the hancock building . by staying here , you are away from the noise , but not away from the action . had breakfast at the pump room , which is a story in itself . we had our photo taken in booth N . take some time and research who has sat in this booth . it is impressive . some N photos of celebrity guests adorn the walls of the pump room . didn ' t have a chance to have dinner here , but i will return for dinner someday . breakfast was not anything fancy , and a bit pricy , but the history and experience was worth it in my opinion . the waitstaff was friendly as was everyone who worked at this hotel was . i can ' t wait to return here ! 
i stayed in the homewood suites in downtown chicago last week , and i was extremely disappointed with my experience . the breakfast buffet was minimal and did not seem to be frequently restocked . i came downstairs about N minutes before the end of the breakfast period to find about half of the food options completely depleted . also , the milk provided for the coffee and cereals was warm , having been kept out on the counter . i would have been better off bringing my own food ! also , the layout of the rooms is extremely awkward . i had to move the furniture around to be able to watch tv , and then move it back before i could make dinner or comfortably use the room in other ways . i could barely close the door to the bedroom past the corner of the bed . it just wasn ' t what i would expect from a hilton-brand hotel suite . 
very friendly staff - and helpfull with whatever ? you may have . don ' t miss the wine bar and the hot chocolate bar . spacious rooms . perfect for business and for theatre guests . a little quiet area during weekends . 
my husband and i recently went to chicago for my aunt ' s funeral . we are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town . we were told to stay at the ambassador east hotel . i wish we could say that our experience there was a good one , but sadly , it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had . upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms , but when we entered our king suite a very strong , musty smell greeted us on the other side . at first i thought i was just being sensitive , but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved . the smell was too overwhelming . the front desk said they would be happy to move us , but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds , rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved . while this was not exactly what we wanted , we didn ' t really have a choice to refuse . after transfering to the new room and getting settled , we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work . while this did not bother my husband too much , i was very annoyed , as i need the mirror while i use my hair dryer , curling iron , etc . i absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again , so i simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed . they also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom , so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels , both days we were there ! each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests . for what we paid to stay at this hotel , we were not impressed at all . the customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par . if you are ever in chicago , do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else . 
hi , i had very bad experience with this hotel , as the rooms had bad smell and very dim light . the bed sheets were not properly cleaned . also the carpet was dirty though ac was working properly . but i would nor recommend this hotel to my friends as it did not satisfied me . there was a problem with hot and cold water in the bathroom . please do not go to this hotel , it seems very nice from the pictures and all but in actual its different . 
when you stay at a hotel like the james , just from their price point , you expect a certain level of quality . if i pay well over N dollars for a room , i do not think it unreasonable to expect not only a quality room , but also a certain level of standard of service . perhaps this hotel should rename itself the lebron james , because it has about as much class as he does , and is about twice as pretentious . a handful of baby powder thrown into my face would have been a refreshing break from the level of service i received at the lebron james . my night of hell began with the clerk , bellboy , or whatever he was , at the front desk , who faked what i assume was intended to be a british accent , but ended up as an unholy melding of australian and new englander . a british accent does not make you fancy , or skilled . once i made my way past mr . belvedere and to my room , i was disappointed , not only by its size , which was unusually small , but also a faint scent of cigarettes . not a strong one , but i could definitely smell smoke . not acceptable . then , while i was sleeping , a deep throbbing sound began to emanate from the walls . it sounded technical , mechanical , like an air conditiner malfunctioning . despite many reassurances from the front desk , the throbbing continued on throughout the night . i demanded the man at the front desk come up and rectify the situation immediately , but from what i could tell , he never came . 
the hard rock hotel chicago is not as good as they try to portray , first ill start off by saying there website is confusing and hard to navigate through . they also have rude customer service , that dont seem happy to answer your questions . there prices are so outrageously expensive for what they offer , its just ridiculous . hard rock hotel has a good rep behind there name , but hard rock hotel chicago should not be included in that . 
everything you would would expect from a top-notch hotel and exceeded by the service . the trendy decor and easy to access dining gave us a ' second-wind ' pick up after a day of sight-seeing . this hotel is definitely the place that i want to come back to . by the time we left after N days and N nights , my wife and i wished we had more time to enjoy the restaurant a few more times and the delightful swiss flare . one of the things we enjoyed the most was seeing the water from our window . the feeling of being pampered can only come from the very gracious hotel staff and this hotel is number N in my mind . 
this small boutique hotel is tucked away in a perfect location between the loop and the miracle mile . two blocks west of the wrigley building and so convenient to restaurants , etc . the staff , from doormen to desk folks are extra nice and accommodating . the delicious breakfast on each floor is ultra-convenient , the evening happy hour is more than generous , and the morning paper is welcome . bedding is so comfortable . this is our second stay , and certainly not our last . we love chicago , and this hotel is one of the reasons why . 
even though the reviews of this hotel are very good , the only good thing about it is the location , which is excelent . aside from that , there are only N elevators , so there is always a wait to get in . they also seem to have insufficient staff so getting your luggage , room service , etc takes forever . even if you arrive in a cab , there is no space to load unload so you have to block the street while you arrive depart , the rooms seem a bit dated and in need of a refresh . all in all , there are much better options in chicago 
i went to the homewood suites in chicago which is part of hilton ' s famous hotels . i gotta say that this is the worst hotel that i have ever been to . in fact , homewood suites is the worst hotel on the face of this planet . i checked out the rooms and their rooms look like the hotel was built in bad shape . in fact , the rooms looked so bad that i wanted to leave the hotel early . i also got to check out the employees who worked for this hotel . i saw one of the employees and when i rung the bell for my room , they ignored me . how could a hotel have the worst service when they are supposed to not ignore you ? one more thing that i hate about this hotel is that the logo didn ' t look like the actual logo . it looked more like the logo was changed to look more like something a baby could draw . i ' ll never go to this hotel again and it won ' t even be in a million years for that matter . this is a hotel that i will never recommend to anyone because of everything the hotel has to offer . 
first let me say wonderful ! ! my wife and i were refered this hotel by a friend . after traveling to chicago many time we have had many experiences good and bad with different hotels . we were amazed with the knickerbocker , we felt like royalty from our first step on the property . everyone was willing to make our stay rememberable . this hotel made a routine trip to chicago a dream vacation . i can not wait to return . . . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago because i was attending a conference at the hotel . the room was sufficient - had a coffee maker , bed , hangers , tv , etc . that ' s about where my compliments end restaurant rates are outrageous . N for a breakfast buffet ? N to use the gym ? N . N hr for wifi ! ? ! ? ! this is unacceptable when i ' m paying N per night . thank goodness the ice was free . servers in the restaurant and bar were surly , not well-versed in english , and just rude . computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night conference was incredibly cold . . . everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time , despite our complaints to management . fridge in room was not usable . had to store cold items in the ice bucket . cable channels just flat out sucked . i was soooo bored when i had to spend an hour in my room . if i ' m paying that much , at least provide the full N channels . 
i was sorely disappointed with the sheraton chicago . from the outside it looks like a great hotel , and i guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy , not what i expected when looked at the website . the front desk staff was nice enough at first , but when i asked for the wifi password they told me i had to pay extra . i mean come on , i ' m paying over N bucks a night and wifi is extra ? the lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation . ( note to self , don ' t let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd . ) so things started off on the wrong foot anyhow . i guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview ( from some of the rooms ) and it seems pretty safe . other than that i was not impressed for the price - i ' ve stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens , a better restaurant , where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour ( we stayed two nights and we didn ' t get our beds made and fresh towels until almost N ) . i guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell . in general it seems lke it ' s on the decline and the staff knows it , they ' re just kind of lackadaisical . i wouldn ' t stay there again . 
i am writing in regards to our stay april N-N . we were celebrating our honeymoon and were disappointed with our stay . there was construction going on in the hotel and we were not notified of it prior to our stay . my husband had ordered champagne and strawberries for the room to be in there prior to our arrival . . . it wasn ' t . when he called to place the order again , it never showed up . we were so disappointed and surprised by the lack of service that we decided to forgo ordering them for a Nrd time . our room was very small , drab and lacked the romantic setting we were looking for . we had called to request a room with a large tub , similar to the ones in the photos , prior to our arrival , noting that we didn ' t mind an upgrade cost . instead , the tub was incredibly small . we have stayed at the intercontinental in other cities before and had such high expectations for the chicago location , especially considering we were celebrating such a happy , once-in-a-lifetime occasion . the service and amenities just didn ' t match up . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago for my cousins wedding . the service was impeccable . not only was the staff attentive , they were respectful and careful not to interrupt the guests or make themselves known when serving dinner . i had the chicken wellington and it was to die for ! the chicken was perfect and moist but the pastry crust was flaky and crispy . they even had pakistani dinner options for some of the guests . the amenities were great , and after an open bar the night before , the mimosas and brunch buffet couldn ' t have been better ! i would love to have my wedding there . 
my husband and i stayed here for three nights while visiting chicago as tourists . what a beautiful hotel ! our room was lovely , the staff was super helpful and the location was convenient . they don ' t have an in house gym , but each day you can get a day pass to a cushy gym down the street . the restaurant in the hotel has a very yummy breakfast . the concierge helped us to make dinner reservations at the last minute our first night there . we were able to walk down the magnificent mile from our hotel , as well as through the gold coast and old towne neighborhoods . there are tons of great restaurants in the area ( including the famous gibsons and the signature room in the hancock tower ) as well as lots of shopping . there is currently a lot of construction going on near the talbott ( they are building condos right behind it ) , but regardless we had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay there again when visiting chicago . 
this hotel was great - in a great area right downtown and close to everything . the daily happy hour had great food , wine and premium liquors . the free breakfast was even better ! actually i believe everything was included breakfast happy hour business center wifi . our room was a king size facing the back of the building . really clean new and comfortable . small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - would highly recommend . 
there were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the magnificant mile . the rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail . the quality of service was excellent , the staff professional , and the location was perfect . there are great views of chicago from many of the rooms . the staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment i was greeted upon arrival to the moment i got in my taxi to leave . there is a nice rooftop bar restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city . there really weren ' t any negatives and i would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the chicago area . 
stayed at the fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on tripadvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel . good location but the room was dirty , and not just from the last housekeeping . it was dingy a place where you needed the slippers they provided . and this was a suite . also , the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn ' t work . furthermore , because my travel agent had mixed up the dates i was to travel , i showed up a day late . the hotel said it wasn ' t a problem and that i wouldn ' t be charged for the no-show the night before . i had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day . then the fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve . neither i nor my corporate travel desk will use the fitzpatrick again . two dots only because it ' s in a good location and because the lobby was clean . i ' m generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad . 
nice big rooms but stinky mildew hallways , fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the omni . location was great but there are a lot of other options . if you get a really good deal on the room , i wouldn ' t say no . 
this hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat . the first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket . this place looks alright in the lobby , but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in chicago , this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night . clearly the ambassador east hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession . not to mention that it is at least N-N minutes from the airport in traffic . chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached , particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call . 
well located and well staffed . the amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay . it lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by . free continental breakfast and evening cocktail . 
excellent service ! clean and spacious rooms with a great view of downtown chicago . location is excellent for exploring the main sights and the golden mile . great concierge service . pricey though . . . don ' t valet if you don ' t need to . 
my expectations were not high because i booked this hotel through priceline for N night . an amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait N - N minutes for hot water . i called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied ' try running it for N to N minutes . ' they forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower , if anyone else expected to use the shower . my boyfriend , who showered after me , had to wait another N minutes to get the shower warm again . to make matters worse , after room service was delivered , we called and said we needed another fork . they told us it would cost N ( N for the fork , N for delivey charge ) . absolutely ridiculous ! ! at least with a N star hotel , you get hot water . this is supposed to be a N star hotel . i guess you do get what you paid for - i just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price . 
my family and i stayed at the hyatt on wacker dr . on march N , N . we were excited about the great price we got for your N-star hotel through priceline . unfortunately , we were not impressed . in the past , we have stayed at the hyatt in downtown san diego for spring break on the marina , but chose to stay closer to home this year . the room was not clean to our standards when we arrived , even though we paid for an upgrade . we asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after . upon our return , nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so i can only assume , it wasn ' t even checked as promised . we only had N towels for the N of us and had to call for more . they were promptly delivered but room service took N minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice ! the curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming , the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it , the honor bar fridge was gouged and dirty , too ! the mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all . . . . there were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well . very disappointing to say the least . i have buyer ' s remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds ! we were compensated for our upgrade - N . N but given the price of parking , taxes , and etc . at this point i wouldn ' t recommend this hyatt to anyone . my husband travels and uses his hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your N-star hotel . i felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility . 
the sofitel chicago water tower was horrible . the first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was ok to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn ' t even have a record of our reservation . after much inappropriate arguing , they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine . when we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or tv . it took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably . the next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in . a quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount . we finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel , the fancypants hotel and suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club . overall , the service at the sofitel was rude , rooms were unsatisfactory , restaurant sub-par , not well kept up or clean . in the future i would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record , like the fancypants hotel and suits , my personal favorite . 
check-in was fast , the room was perfect , and there were no problems . this is a standard big-city business hotel with every amenity imaginable . i got a very good deal for a one-night stay , but they made the money back from the exorbitant parking rate and the absurd access fee for wireless internet . if you are bored of the routine hotel fare , walk two blocks to gourmet pantry ( N n . michigan ) for a refreshing change . 
i have stayed at the palmer a half dozen times in the past and it has been ok . the main drawbacks are the check in desk is always slow and they charge you to use the fitness center , which is truly annoying . in addition , there are so many rooms you often have to walk a hundred years to find your room once you get off the elevator . other than that , it is a classic old hotel with some yesteryear charm . but , the room they gave me most recently was so small it was laughable . the door to the bathroom could not open as it hit the desk , and the chair to the desk could not be properly pulled out as it hit the bed . there was no room for them to put the tv in front of the bed , so they shoved it off to the side . room N makes prison cells seem roomy and i promise that no one who works there would ever put someone they know in this hovel . it should not be sold as a hotel room . 
i recently stayed at the affina chicago hotel and was really dissappointed . when i arrived , the desk clerk was really slow checking me in . i feel like turtles could have checked me in faster . i was finally checked in and my room was on the Nth floor . the elevator ride seemed to take forever . i arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great , but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table . i figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it . i went to the c-house for supper that evening and i had to wait for what seemed like forever . the meal was good , but my waitress was very uptight . on my way back to my room , i asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for N am the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up . it would have been nice to actually get it though . the next morning i surprisingly work up at N N am and realized that i had not received a wake up call . i was very upset and let them know . overall this experience was not worth the N stars that this hotel has been given . for the price , quality and ratings the affina chicago hotel has been given , i would expect better service . 
the intercontinental chicago hotel is one of the finest hotels i have stayed at in a long time . the atmosphere upon arrival was one of elegance and beauty . the staff welcomed us and catered to our every need . the rooms were plush and very romantic . interior decor was breathtaking . it is definitely above a N star rating and i would not think twice about coming back here . it received my highest recommendation . 
i was attending a training conference in chicago and opted to book my own room thru one of the online discount programs rather than stay at the rather sterile and pedestrian hotel where the conference was being held . i booked N nights at the intercontinental and was pleased with the elegance and convenient location ( an easy walk to the conference ) . from the lobby to the rooms , this hotel lives up to it ' s storied reputation . ( the indoor pool seems to be imported from the set of a busby berkeley movie ! ) and even tho ' i was there for a conference , the hotel ' s location on the mag mile and a quick jaunt to restaurants and theaters , made for a very pleasant stay at a very affordable price . 
after booking a room over two months in advance at the hotel sofitel chicago watertower and confirming my reservation twice , i arrived to find that the front desk staff had ' no record ' of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that i had reserved . when i asked to speak to a manager , it took almost half an hour for him to turn up . he did finally give me a room at the rate that i had been promised , but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience . the room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay . not worth the rate though . the website really makes this hotel seem upscale , clean , and well decorated , but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby . the staff ' s response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell ( which could only mean it hadn ' t been cleaned properly ) was met with contempt . they did move me , but i did not get an apology . will not stay again . 
i stayed at the james in june , and i must say , it felt like i was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel . from the uniforms of the staff . . which consists of a small j pin that they wear with nice suits and such , to the wonderful , comfortable beds , the james just makes you feel ultra-relaxed . the gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym , and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition . i really enjoyed the complimentary kiehl ' s products as well as the soft , cushy beds with futons . location-wise , it ' s just off michigan ave , and it ' s close to all the shops and restaurants . i ' d definitely stay here if i ' m ' ever back in chicago . 
whilst no doubt being in a good location this hotel falls short in other areas . most notably is cleanliness , as although the lobby was very clean , the corridors of my floor as well as the room was not . dust lined the carpeted floor for the hallways , and in the room the the bed emitted an unpleasant odor as if the sheets had not been changed in some time . the furnishings were nice and modern , but with various blemishes upon close inspection . bathroom was relatively clean , with the exception of the shower . view was nice for this particular room , and service was relatively quick . the food in the restaurant was average but again cleanliness was an issue . this time with the glasses which were stained , the waiter promptly apologized and returned with new glasses but this is still inexcusable in what is advertised as a high class hotel . i will not make the mistake of staying here again . 
i stayed in this hotel during a business trip , and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar , a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet . security was informed , but i was told that i had to wait to talk to them . after about twenty minutes of waiting i was informed that if i did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident , despite the fact that i was a hotel guest . unfortunately i had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait . long story short , i no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone , anyone would have talked to me about it . i ' ve since been on the phone with a manager , who promised to call me back once she researched the incident , and have yet to hear back , despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago . i expected more from this hotel . 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago this past summer . needless to say we will not be returning ! the hotel is very overpriced for what you get . upon arriving to the hotel the staff was very unfriendly and could not help with questions we had . the bed was very uncomfortable and the ' fully-stocked honor bar ' was stocked with only a few choices . the shower did not even work ! we booked the king suite with jacuzzi but ended up only getting a king room with no jacuzzi . i would not recommend this place ! 
i booked a room at the hyatt through priceline and was able to get a rate of N night ! can ' t go wrong with that ! the rooms are nice , spacious , clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need . i have to say that i have fallen in love with the hyatt chain due to their customer service . i have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly , which you don ' t often see at other hotels . i used the self-check in machine , and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly . then , when she saw that my room was not on a high level , she offered to have it changed for me so that i could have a better view . i would highly recommend this hotel ! 
after reading some of the most recent reviews i ' m really perplexed . i didn ' t know what to expect , but i was most pleasantly surprised . just as all the past reviews , both negative and positive , have stated , you can ' t beat the location of this hotel . it ' s perfect . we had a big spacious room in the old tower . we avoided the expensive pitfalls of the hotel extras such as bottled water and items in the room fridge . the beds were great , the rooms were kept clean and the staff was very friendly . great martinis in the hotel bar . i really can ' t understand the negative reviews . i know you can ' t please everyone , but in some cases i simply don ' t believe their claims . i ' ve traveled a lot and have stayed in plenty of hotels . this is a great hotel ! 
my wife and i stayed at the conrad chicago hilton a few weeks back . i had a conference in the windy city , and my wife decided she ' d come along to do some shopping . first off let me say , typically i love staying in hotels - any chance i get , i ' ll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed . that said , this place was terrible . the room had a slight odor to it , kind of a fishy smell . the people at the front desk were rude to us . and i found a soiled pair of women ' s panties under the bed . gross ! not to mention that once we got home , we both had bug bites up and down our legs--- now we ' re worried we brought bedbugs home with us ! if i could take this trip back i would . what a terrible place . shame on you conrad hilton , shame on you ! 
i stayed at the affnia hotel in chicago and was extremely unsatisfied . i would recommend everyone to avoid this hotel . i paid N overall for N nights in a cheap , small , untidy room . granted , i ' ve stayed at hotels of similar quality , but never have i paid so much for one of them ! i could not believe what i saw when i walked into the room . . . it was tiny and there was small patches of mold on the wall ( that had been painted over ) . the breakfast i ordered wasn ' t terrible , but certainly wasn ' t good . the wifi connection was horrendously slow . if you want to spend a big buck on a hotel , fine . . . just don ' t spend it here . 
i found this hotel in the ' small luxury hotels of the world ' booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years , and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels . i therefore chose it for a N night stay while visiting from england . the talbott was excellently located , although i had a view of a building site , and did have an ambience and some charm , however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling . i had to wait in the foyer well after check in time , having previously attempted to check in earlier , tired and in need of a rest , while a ' final check ' was done to my room . the valet parking was not outside when requested , breakfast was not included in the price , all the things requested of reception did not occur , and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special . i have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant , where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel . i was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all . 
this morning , i checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences i ' ve ever had hard rock hotel , chicago . i am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the ' preferred hotels ' group . upon checking in , i was ' greeted ' by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show . my room was poorly lit and dirty . the desk desk chair was covered in sticky , dried soda pop ( or something else ? ) which i had to clean myself so i could work . the ' sound system ' was put to shame by my N-year-old daughter ' s boombox . no one , rock star or otherwise , wants to reach more than an arm ' s length for toilet paper . everything is possible . this includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the ' everything is possible ' line . great marketing fails with no follow through . the in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time . do you charge steven tyler N . N for opening his in-room ' fridge ? looking back , i would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty , drafty , overpriced bar ( with a horrendous wine list ) with the exception of the fact that i was leaving , check-out was no better than checking in . i wasn ' t even asked about my stay ! the young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant . i , for one , will not bring my business back to that location . next time i ' m in chicago , i ' m staying at the hyatt . rock on , tripstarr 
let me just preface this by saying that i absolutely loved my stay at this hotel . i chose it largely for location as i don ' t really love to walk that much and i was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city . it was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and i mainly ventured out for food , of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help . we had originally booked the king guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the deluxe king guestroom by the front desk . everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something i look for and remember when i go to stay in a location again . our room was amazing . seriously amazing . it was so chic and i just loved the headboard over our bed . there wasn ' t one little spot of dust to be found . the bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet . we didn ' t take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious . we had dinner at david burke ' s primehouse . i cannot recommend the ny ribeye more highly . it was fantastic . for dessert we had the brown butter corn cake . i ' ve been trying to replicate that dish ever since i got home . i ' m sad to say that i didn ' t get a chance to try any of the treatments at spa by asha but i definitely will make a point to on my return visit . the james chicago made our trip to chicago memorable . the staff was friendly , the hotel beautiful , and the food delicious . what more could you want ? 
the amalfi hotel advertises itself as a ' luxury boutique hotel ' and as such i expected my experience there to be somewhat better than average . unfortunately , this was not the case . the room i booked was not clean in particular the bathroom looked as if someone had done a very minimal amount of cleaning after the last guest . there was hair in the corners of the room leading me to think the floor had not been swept or cleaned . in addition , although the room was supposed to be a non-smoking room , i could still detect the odor of cigarette smoke . i will say that the staff was courteous and the hotel is very well situated in terms of the many restaurants , sites and shops all within walking distance . however , given the cost of the room and my experience with the cleanliness of the room , i would not stay at the amalfi hotel again . 
stayed here with friends for a long weekend in august and loved the hotel . enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour , and the accomodations were quite nice ( our beds were very soft and comfortable ) . we had excellent views of the river from our rooms . the location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town , with easy access to public transportation nearby . my friends actually received the goldfish upon request , which they enjoyed . some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above , but it was minimal . price seemed very resonable to us for the location . will certainly return to the windy city and plan on staying here again . 
my husband i stayed at the fitzpatrick in early june N for my birthday-great hotel ! location provides easy walking to navy pier , marshall field , michigan avenue john hancock . room seemed spacious even though its only about N sq ft . lots of room in bathroom comfortable bed very quiet , upscale hotel . we would definitely stay here again ! 
the palmer house hlton hotel has to be the nicest hotel i have stayed at in chicago . i went to chicago on a business trip for a meeting . when i arrived once i walked in , the lobby was beautiful , i couldn ' t hardly wait to see my room . the rooms were just as nice , the bathroom was immaculate ! we had a meeting in the clark meeting room , even that was nice ! i wanted to take a tour of the hotel itself ! i was there for about N days and because of how convenient the hotel was to a lot of major attractions like , grant park , lake michigan , mag mile which is a shopping heaven , and the navy pier , it never really like the normal stressed out meetings . i love chicago and i now have a new favorite hotel to stay at while i ' m in town . 
i have to admit , i was a little leery about visiting chicago due to my mild agoraphobia , but after a family member reserved a room at the hotel allegro chicago , my fears were slightly assuaged . a few friends of mine had stayed in this hotel before , and had nothing but positive things to say . with this new-found optimism in mind , i went forward on my journey in confidence . i have to say , i was not let down . from the moment i stepped into the lobby , i felt at home . the concierge called bellboys to move our luggage from the taxi to our rooms , and the check-in process was fast and efficient . the rooms themselves are incredibly homey , feeling less like a hotel room and more like the guest room at a millionaire ' s mansion . the high comfort level coupled with prompt service when requesting items such as extra pillows and towels , really helped alleviate my apprehensions about staying in chicago , and provided a secure place to stay at night , or whenever i did not feel like participating with the group . of course , the rooms are second only to the overall feel of the hotel . i found myself spending less of my downtime in my room and more of it wandering around the building . overall it ' s very cozy , and has a certain old-world feeling to it , once again lending to it feeling less like a hotel and more like a mansion at times . it was never overwhelmingly crowded , and the people i did encounter were incredibly friendly , yet not intrusive . i don ' t usually enjoy staying in hotels , but i love the allegro chicago ! 
the palmer house hilton in chicago is by far the best experience i have ever had away from home . from the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby , you will never want to leave . the multiple ballrooms , board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events . if you ' re looking for leisure activities , there are two bars , the lockwood wine cellar , and an indoor pool . the staff is professional , friendly and helpful . room service is excellent , and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city . 
 we enjoyed our stay at the swissotel in downtown chicago . it was elegant , classy , and the service was impeccable . it was very family friendly for us , with the spacious rooms , the kid ' s room , and the no smoking policy . we were just a short walk away from shopping and entertainment and the whole family enjoyed the virtual city tour that helped us decide what we wanted to see . the food was delicious and we didn ' t have to go outside the hotel to find good food . when visiting chicago again , we will come back . it was a luxurious experience at a reasonable price . linda davies 
my husband and i recently stayed stayed at the hilton chicago and it was a horrible experience . when we arrived , the front desk clerk was on the phone on what sounded like a personal call and didn ' t even acknowledge us for at least five minutes . when we got to our room i went to lay on the bed and noticed a black hair on the pillow . i ' m am very paranoid about hotels being dirty , so i pulled back the sheets and moved all the pillows around and noticed several more hairs . i called for some new sheets which they said they would send right up but it actually took nearly N minutes . the second night we were there we decided to try the irish pub in the hotel called kitty o ' sheas because my husband loves pub food . we had the shepherd ' s pie which was awful . it was watery and had no flavor and it was not cheap ! our server seemed annoyed when we complained and did not offer it to be taken off the check . while we had a great trip to chicago , the hilton was definitely not a highlight of our trip . overall , we had rude service , a dirty room and bad food . spend your money elsewhere 
having stayed in standard hotels before , when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in chicago i was skeptical to say the least . after staying at the amalfi hotel i may never stay in a regular motel again ! right off the bat instead of a N foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that gasp have a clue as to what they are doing . we got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site keefer ' s steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection . the room was spacious had robes and slippers , a stocked mini-bar , the mattress was comfy , and the whole room was clean . the staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife . in the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which i loved cause i love breakfast but not crowds . unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping , my wife was in heaven however , and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards . the whole trip i believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff i would recommend the amalfi to anyone visiting chicago . 
we decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in chicago . won ' t make that mistake again . the rooms are smaller than they appear on the web ( creative photography ) and the place is dirty . we ' ve stayed at best westerns that are cleaner ! the air conditioner is super loud . . . and the walls are paper thin . the people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between N and N a . m . , security failed to stop the ruckus . also thought the front desk staff was rude . usually in hyatts , hiltons , etc . , the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating . these people weren ' t particularly personable . . . we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it . the only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that doesn ' t make up for the negative experience . save some money and stay somewhere else ! 
while overall a decent property , the incident i had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel . i recently stayed at the hotel monaco for five nights , checking out on monday , march Nth . shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet , my partner and i noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn ' t present upon checking in . we had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay . i called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at park one ( their valet company ) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within N hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival , and was scraped upon departure from the garage . the garage manager , mike yunan , didn ' t call back until i had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel , marco scherer . when he finally got back to me , the garage manager stated that he would file an ' incident report ' and claim with his insurance company , travelers , which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn ' t admit fault or liability , nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage , which could have verified that the damage wasn ' t present upon check-in , but was at check-out . their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location , contradicting the garage manager . in the end , this kimpton intouch guest got stuck with a N , N bill for parking at this kimpton property an almost N paint scrape on top of a N per day parking fee , rental car expenses , several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue , and one gigantic headache . in the end , do not trust the valets or staff at this hotel , and take your business elsewhere if at all possible . 
i stayed affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from nw suburbs to women ' s hospital oir my surgery . few things i really didn ' t enjoy - i could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors . no noise insulation at all ! very dusty between window frames ( i understand - cars , pollution ) but it looked like it wasn ' t cleaned for a very long time . one more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side . i was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time . . . we didn ' t notice the problem until very-very late . the affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of chicago as well as northwestern hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! strange but every hotel i stayed was supplied with the sealed roll of toilet paper . affinia didn ' t even offer that . looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady ! neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! hopefully , no more surgeries for me . . . won ' t stay this place for leisure - even with discount ! 
we booked a room at the hilton chicago for two nights to stay the weekend , but upon arrival our reservation could not be found . i even provided the hotel with our confirmation number , but it still wasn ' t available ! fortunately , another reservation had not shown up so there was space available for us . once we settled into our room for the night ( after a long flight ) , there was a bad odor coming from the bathroom . apparently the cleaning solution they used was tainted and they had to re-clean it after our arrival . needless to say , with both of these poor experiences in just one night , i will be hesitant to ever stay in this hotel again , let alone any other hilton around . please consider someplace else before the hilton chicago ! 
the fairmont chicago millenium park hotel provides a rich , beautiful , cultured atmosphere . during my stay , i felt like royalty . with unparalleled design schemes and beautiful , tranquil views , the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss . the guest services department was second-to-none . the staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible . when dealing with a staff member at fairmont , i felt as if i were the only guest in the place . the food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king . i will definitely recommend fairmont chicago millenium park to my friends and colleagues . i will also greatly look forward to my next stay . 
the hotel is well located , but the service is poor . they seem to cater to large conventioneers , with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical fairmont . there are too many specifics to outline here , let ' s just say that from the front desk , to the spa , room service which only got my order correct one-day , to housekeeping which didn ' t even clean my room one day ( although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room . yep , that ' s just what you want to come home to after N hrs of meetings ! they did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience ! the hotel is large and many times between N-N pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator . i ' ve stayed at this fairmont twice . the Nst time i attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price . but it ' s not worth enduring such poor service . that was the last time for me . 
from the moment i stepped into the ambassador east hotel , i was very much impressed ! ! the entire staff was extremely helpful and very pleasant . the bell staff escorted my husband and i right up to our suite . our suite was beyond belief . the atmosphere was very classy and romantic . my husband previously arranged for a bottle of champagne to be waiting in our room when we arrived . we had traveled to chicago , from new york , for a romantic weekend get away . we had dinner that night at the hotel restaurant , the pump house , and were very pleased . dinner started with soup and a salad , main course meal and dessert , all for a reasonable price . we did a little local shopping the next day , after a very well rested night in their wonderfully comfortable king sized beds . every interaction with the staff was a postitive experience . we enjoyed our weekend get away and would most definitely return to the ambassador east hotel the next time that we are in chicago , illinois . N stars . . . . 
there are many high-quality hotels in chicago . there are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the affinia chicago . with its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service , it is just a combination for trouble , we had established our reservations for friday the Nth amd arrived at Npm to check-in . no room . one hour after their posted check in time and nothing . no apology , no offer for upgrade , no discount . nothing . as a seasoned traveler i have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list . 
just back from spending memorial day weekend in chicago . we decided to stay at the talbott , and we reserved a room there over a month ago . i must say that we found the staff to be wonderful , but the accommodations to be quite disappointing . we were given room N . avoid this room at all costs ! the adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night ( and then awaken you at N am ) . in addition , we had requested a king bed , and N has two doubles . we were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room . despite the very friendly staff and its super location , the talbott was less than what we expected , and we would probably not stay there again . 
this hotel is in a great city with great personnel working there . the rooms are more than you can expect for a hotel . the services are abundant , leaving no room to complain . with their fine diners , you cannot go wrong with enjoying a peaceful meal while relaxing . with this hotel , it is truly an all-in-one hotel . there are meeting rooms and business centers , leaving unfinished work not be a worry during the stay . in addition , the spacious swimming pool is just the thing needed to relieve yourself of stress . the views from the rooms are breathtaking . i would definitely recommend staying there ! 
i arrived at the hotel N minutes prior to check in time as they recommend . when i get there i noticed that there is a couple and two other people waiting in line to check in . ten minutes later after standing there with my suitcase , the woman at the front desk informs us that their computers are down due to a recent update to the software . she told us to wait until the computers booted back up . i asked if i could drop my suitcase off at the room and she said no because they need to electronically activate the cards and with the computers down they couldn ' t activate the cards . finally another N minutes later the computers were up and i finally got my room . wheres the ' luxury ' in waiting N minutes for a room ? they also need to change the name of the hotel because their service did not leave me ' allegro . ' 
i called the reservations line to book a room at the beginning of december N for a rate with a local corporation . when i first made the reservation i did not get an e-mail confirmation . i had to call again to get the e-mail and then saw that i was booked in a handicapped accessible room which i did not need as there was me , my wife and three year old . i called the reservation line and asked for a regular room which they said was impossible at the rate i was at , however for ten dollars more i can upgrade to a regular room . i then asked what if a disabled person needs the room and he said he could not help me . i told them to cancel the room . based on the reservation experience , i did not want to run into anymore trouble at this hotel . 
my family stayed at the hotel monaco hotel in chicago from N-N september N . i have no complaints about the rooms but i do have to complain about the staff in general . when we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children , take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way . the cleaning crew the next morning didn ' t even knock at our door before opening the door . my children were still sleeping and i was in the shower . thank god my husband was already at his conference . the hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience . louisiana resident . 
i was going on a N day personal trip to chicago , and i decided to indulge myself a bit this time around . i chose to stay at the talbot , an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown chicago . to start off , i was not pleased . for the hundreds i pay a day , i expected an impeccable hotel . first , the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly N minutes to find a reservation i had placed nearly a month in advance . some customer service they claim . next , when i went to my room , i found that room service had not cleaned it at all . i was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such . in summary yes , it was a fancy hotel , yes it had nice accommodations , but the service i experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price . 
we had an issue with housekeeping and the hotel management did not handle it well . they were subject to a brief staff strike and did not inform guests and in fact failed to tell us about the strike and our room never was cleaned . after N calls and several hours we were able to get clean towels . overall service other than check in was poor for a reportedly N star hotel . 
we stayed at hotel monaco and upgraded to a suite . i was disappointed with the room layout , and shabby furniture . i bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground . the make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work , the tv reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the N we spent there . next time , we will go back to trump tower across the street , which is far superior to hotel monaco . 
-review of the hard rock hotel- i find that the hard rock hotel , located in chicago , has extrodinary scenary . the hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking . hungry ? visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables . the hotel also host events such as ballet , fun in the bar and a dj to name a few . this hotel is definitely worth your while . i will most definitely visit again . book your reservation as soon as possible and don ' t forget your camera ! 
the conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding , fancy decorations , beautiful lobby , etc . however , they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail . when i checked in , i went to get a glass of wine from the minibar , only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm . i called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it . in the meantime , i said , great , but what about a cold drink ? they proceeded to send me N glass of wine via room service , without asking me if this would be okay . i paid N for N glass of wine . the minibar bottle would ' ve given me N glasses for about N . nothing was said to me about this obvious difference . when i called to complain , i was made to feel cheap . to me , it was not the money , it was the principle . the next morning , my bill showed that i had eaten something out of the minibar . i had not . i called , and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something ( duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it ) , and they took the charge off . they also took N off my room service bill , but i was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that i was overcharged . also , when they fixed the minibar fridge , they did not replace anything in it . the guy said , it ' ll take a while for things to cool down . oh , really ? how about the warm beer , that was once cold , that will now taste disgusting ? i guess they ' re saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea . another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work . when i plugged it in , it made N other lights in the bathroom go off , and then it never would come on . it seems that the conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful , without worrying about each customer ' s experience . i don ' t think they go into the rooms and check them out . and their sta 
my wife and i stayed two nights at the talbott at the end of february . this little hotel was the perfect place for us . the lobby is very small but also cozy , and with both fireplaces going it was a welcoming atmosphere coming in from the cold . the staff was very friendly and efficient . the room was pretty spacious , and the king bed was extremely comfortable . we had a seventh floor room facing delaware st , so there was really no view . the bathroom was a good size , including two sinks and a spacious tub shower . there was also free wireless internet . . . a big plus for us . perhaps the best thing about the talbott is the location . we were only a few steps from state , rush , and north michigan . tons of shopping , bars , and good food are easily within walking distance . this makes the talbott a great place for tourists who want to walk around and take everything in . we highly recommend the talbott , and will gladly stay again on return trips . 
my sister and i went to chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because i have a friend who works at homewood suites here in cleveland so we got a discount . the valets were really friendly , you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel . check-in is on the Nth floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level . that also made finding the hotel tricky because i expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that i just had to pull over to the right side of the street . the lady at the front desk was friendly and informative . our room was very clean . the fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants , storing and reheating food . the complimentary breakfast was great ! they have real food such as eggs , bacon , french toast , cereal , bagels , juice , milk , and yogurt . the hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to navy pier and passes by michigan avenue . they also have free wifi . overall , i would definately stay here again and i would recommend it to others . 
the hotel was very nice service was great , everyone was very friendly . the room was very elegant and classy . the bed was so comfortable . the room also had a flat screen tv and bose sound system . not bad . overall i had a great experience with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room , i left here well rested and happy . 
i was very unsatisfied with my stay at the allegro . the front desk clerk seemed very put out when we walked up to her window . after giving her our confirmation number she let us know that our rooms were not ready yet . this came as a surprise to me since we arrived late in the day and check in had already began . after waiting an hour to check in we were not able to get the room features that we had requested . we were informed that they were ' only requests ' and not a guarantee . room service was also very slow and appeared to be understaffed . when we finally got someone to answer the phone they were out of most everything we wanted . the food took an eternity to reach the room and the order wasn ' t exactly right either . this is not the kind of service i expected from an upscale hotel . 
my family and i recently attended a wedding in chicago and stayed at the swissotel . it was much nicer than we expected . we are used to staying at mid-class hotels and this , by far , was one of the nicest places we ' ve stayed . the beds were so comfortable and the crib the provided for my infant son was great quality - i was concerned that we would get a rickety Ns crib ! the bed sheets were so soft that i wanted to take them home ! we will definitely go back to this hotel the next time we are in chicago . 
stayed there three nights from N N N through N N N . chechecked in about N N am . had to wait about N minutes because of specials requests i had made . room was quiet , and comfortable . marked improvement over last time i stayed there ( about N years ago ) . the renovations were great , and maintained the old time charm of the hotel . 
after recent week stay at the affinia hotels , i can definitely say i will be coming back . they offer so many in room amenities and services , just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be . my most enjoyable experience at the affinia hotel was the amazing customization they offered , i would recommend affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay . 
we recently completed our first visit to chicago and were pleasantly surprised by the affinia chicago hotel where we stayed . the hotel has gone to great lengths to offer extra services to their guests , including individual pillow choices , complimentary kits with items designed to enhance the city visit , and fine dining in two on-site restaurants , one of them roof-top with amazing city views . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago . 
i stayed at this hotel for a week with my family this hotel is huge so clean has comfy beds foods great staff couldn , t of being any nicer . stayed here for thanksgiving it was fabulous second time in chicago and still want to go back again . . . the hotel is within walkin distance to both state street and michicgan avenue . there , s taxis right outside the hotel and the concierge can also ring for mini buses if your travelling with a big crowd . there , s also a cinema N mins away opposite the hotel . perfect hotel for a great get away . . . 
we stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on trip advisor and yelp . we might have had a one in a million experience , but we - were served a hairy salad ( a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage ) - considered our guest room tiny - could not submerge a thigh , much less a body , in the tub ( we ' re not obese and we ' re not dexter ) - endured a broken air conditioner for days ( it couldn ' t be repaired ) - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet ( they fixed it that day ) . on a positive note , the tea from room service tasted delicious , employees were abundant and friendly , the location is great , and it ' s very easy to get a taxi . in the future , i would reluctantly stay here for business . i would not stay here for pleasure . i think a N-something who hasn ' t traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would . . . as a friend said to me today , ' oh , the sofitel ? that ' s the hilton of france . ' i agree . 
my husband and i stayed here for new years eve weekend . this is an excellent hotel in an excellent location . hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming . the rooms had the best electronics i ' ve ever seen . loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall . the hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by , so we avoided it too . ate at joe ' s across the street - excellent seafood . and you can shop til you drop without going outside ! nordstroms and four story mall is attached . lots of good ' food on the run ' places in there . loved chicago - loved the conrad . i will go back ! 
for starters , i had trouble reaching the front desk . every time i called it would ring endlessly ! when finally i did reach someone , she was snooty , impolite , and altogether unhelpful . being from the south and not knowing anything about chicago i was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area . as i was there on business , i was really looking forward to the wi-fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted . unfortunately , this was not the case . after multiple log in attempts i ended up going to a local ' internet bar . ' as attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were , the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing . 
i asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what i got . the room was pleasantly decorated , functional and very clean . i didn ' t need a whole lot of service but when i did they were pleasant and prompt . i used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order . it is in a great location at one end of the michigan avenue shopping district . 
the james chicago hotel is located right in the heart of the one and only , downtown chicago . this wonderful hotel has many classy and down to earth boutique ' s , and the views are breath-taking . the hotel just has a warm feeling to it , and the hotel staff is more than excellent . this hotel is situated right across from the magnificent mile , and only minutes away from the world famous shopping , dining , and fun for all ages . the james is modern and luxurious . the james is definately a hotel that i would recommend and will go back to in years to come . 
i was really excited about staying at the amalfi after reading several reviews online . unfortunately , it was a very disappointing experience . when we arrived , we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold . so , we had to move to another hotel . amalfi did take care of the other hotel , cab fare , and after much negotiating . . . breakfast . we were traveling with N children and all of this was very inconvenient . instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned , we had to get up , pack up our suitcases , check out of the hotel , take a cab , check back into the amalfi , only then could we head to the museum . we were also told that our first night ' s stay would be refunded . well , more than N weeks and N phone calls later . . . there still hasn ' t been a refund . i can ' t even get a manager to call me back . the amalfi wasn ' t all bad , it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance . the coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers . however , it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended . one reason we picked the amalfi was that it had N queen beds instead of doubles , but they seemed really small for queens . our view from our room was of the alley . so , overall the best part of staying at the amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the Nnd floor . very disappointing indeed ! 
i stayed here N nights for a business conference . the food was pretty good . and they had these really good mints that i couldn ' t resist . the room was very comfortable and the bed was great . but i was annoyed by many issues . first , their internet went down for a couple of hour when i was there on a break from the conference . it wouldn ' t have been big deal except i needed to do some business while it was down . second , the internet wasn ' t available in the conference rooms . i suppose the conference i attended would have had to pay extra for it . third , the chair in the room was too low for the desk so i was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later . fourth , on the second night my key didn ' t work . so i asked for a new one which also didn ' t work . so i asked for another one and the same thing happened . thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so i didn ' t have to go back down to the lobby a third time . then he came back a little later to tell me i was in the wrong room , which i wasn ' t . finally , he came back with the right key . fifth , the tv had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume . sixth , they didn ' t have the comedy channel . much cheaper hotels do . if this hotel didn ' t cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences , but i would expect more for what i paid . 
the room was very pretty , and the location is great , but the hotel is so big and they don ' t have the staff to take care of everything . the heating in our room was loud , making it difficult to sleep . the gym is not big enough , and the hotel parking garage is very expensive . the hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in . we didn ' t get great service at the hotel bar , and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area . later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at , and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there . the next morning , the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room . 
in the windy city , this is a very good place . amazing rooms and service . everything is a walking distance . an absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable . good decor and impishly modern 
my husband and i stayed at the omni chicago hotel last weekend and i felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel . i have to say i was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel . not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff i have ever encountered . i frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as i did at the omni chicago hotel . from the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty . this is one hotel that i would definitely rate N stars . you can be sure , i will absolutely be back in the future . 
the room was big and luxurious , befitting the price tag ( N ) . bed was very comfortable . however , my bed was against the wall abutting the elevator shaft , and i heard the elevators running all night . also held a one-day conference there for N people . they stuck us in a long , narrow room that was cramped . also , the night before we had a pre-conference dinner at the palm restaurant in the hotel . service was so slow that some of our party left before entrees were served . and the steaks were only so-so , a far cry from my experience with other palms . 
excellent staff and customer service , very clean and spotless . elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view . the bed is very comfortable and relaxing . i give it a five star . 
last week i stayed at the hilton chicago for N days and N nights and i was very pleased with the experience . as soon as i approached the front desk , i knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous . they had given me a list of local attractions such as the museum of science and industry , the broadcast museum , the ford center for the performing arts and willis tower . i stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed , a N inch television , non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities . the indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track . eating in the area is not a problem as the hilton chicago is home to kitty o ' sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic irish fare . in conclusion , i had a wonderful time staying here and i can not wait to plan my return trip to the hilton chicago . 
i only stayed here for five days , but i will definitely never be going back . the architecture is kind of cool , but the customer service was very poor . i don ' t know how much these people get paid , but they must not think it is enough . breakfast at the the continental was alright , but it was overpriced . this hotel felt really crowded and the service was impersonal . there are many better places to stay in chicago . 
the intercontinental chicago is located in the heart of downtown chicago , illinois on north michigan avenue , the magnificent mile . this hotel is located within moments , not minutes , from the navy pier , millennium park , and magnificent mile shopping . the intercontinental chicago boasts a modern fitness center that feature free weights , a cardio room , dry saunas , as well as , masseurs . when business knocks at your door , the hotel has a N hour business center providing high-speed internet access , fax , and photocopying services . the accommodations at the intercontinental chicago are elegant with a touch of historic decor . the room had a breath-taking view of chicago , as well as , had an in-room mini-bar , terry-cloth bath robes , over-sized desks , high-speed internet access , and a N-inch hi def lcd television . not only was the overall quality of the property in stunning condition , the staff at the intercontinental chicago were welcoming , caring , and demonstrated a profound customer-service base . 
so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the china grill , upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi . . . we arrive at the Nth floor and my oh my ! ! ! surprise ! ! ! ladies and gentlemen this is something to be admired . . . spacious and roomy , yet warm , cozy and inviting . . . great bed , comfortable furniture , great N inch plasmas , and the views are unbelievable . . . my only complaint ? a shower should have a door to keep the heat in . . . other than that no complaints , room service was great , morning coffee was yummo . . . overall a fabulous experience ! ! ! 
we usually stay at the sofitel but thought we would try the conrad for a change . i don ' t think i would rate this hotel over the sofitel but it was still Nst class . but i do think the service was better at the conrad . we arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left . normally service goes down hill then but our waiter eric was the best . even when i kept ordering my after dinner ports . the meal may not have been the chop house but it was still very good . the bar was ok , no crown reserve . they did have the cask N at N a drink , ouch . the room service was very quick . our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits . the only fault we could find was the temperature on the Nth floor . it was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off . which wasn ' t so bad since my wife smokes . the temp on the Nth where the lobby , bar , and restaurant was fine . we enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in sept . one last thing , if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast . go to the west egg , only a few blocks away . 
during my latest business trip , both me and my wife recently stayed at the omni chicago hotel in chicago , illinois , at one of their deluxe suites . unfortunately , and i think i speak for both of us , we were not fully satisfied with the hotel . the hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations , and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures , the service is certainly sub-par . when one plans a stay at such an establishment , they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in . first of all , the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on , the air coming out seemed musty . second of all , the fitness center was only open until N N pm . for people who like to exercise after dinner , this can certainly be a problem . especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight . for these , as well as other similar reasons , i would not recommend this hotel , if one is looking for luxury accommodations . 
the room looked like a country club prison cell . flat paint on all walls , doors , trims , not especially clean . a platform bed and a long shelf desk with an iron chair . no amenities , no homey touches , nothing on the walls . no room service , no gym , no concierge . the air conditioner clunked off and on all night . on the plus side , the bedding was nice and there was a large screen tv . don ' t waste your money . 
after reading all the lukewarm reviews for this hotel , i went ahead and got an ambassador membership just to hedge off any unpleasantness . i normally have a good experience with intercontinental hotels , particularly the mark hopkins in sf . i called the hotel directly to confirm that my reservation was designated as ambassador club . when i arrived at the hotel , there was no separate check-in line ( as advertised ) and the manager on duty basically ignored me when i told him i was an ambassador club member and stuck me with a regular tiny room . i was nearly half an hour checking in the room and had to deal with the arrogant attitude of the manager on duty . they gave me a room in the ' modern ' tower , ( built in the N ' s ) which was about N N the size of a regular room at the mark hopkins ( built in ' N ) . i had to deal with torn sheets , cracked marble sinks , and the spare roll of toilet paper being located outside the bathroom inside the closet - how convenient is that ? the closet door , if you are not careful , may break the full length mirror attached to the bathroom door . i was not provided with a key to the minibar and i called for turndown service , which never happened . the next day , they finally got around to the fact that i was an ambassador club member and entitled to an upgraded room , but since i travel with a medical device which i already set up in the tiny room , i declined . to their credit , they did send some of the amenities i would otherwise be entitled to as an ambassador club member . i would not stay at this hotel next time i go to chicago . there are other better places for the money including , the omni , the james , the fairmont , hyatt , sheraton , monaco , crowne plaza , even the holiday inn and marriotts located in the same general area . 
although the architecture of the hotel is quaint , that is about the only positive of this terible hotel . the guest services were unhelpful at best , and the inbuilding resturaunts were unsanitary and untasteful . and as for the rooms , small , cramped , and it seemed as if the sheets hadn ' t been cleaned in the last N years . my stay here was distasteful , and i never intend to return , except to ask for my money back . 
i recently stayed at the hyatt regency in chicago for business , but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it ! the accommodations exceeded my expectations . my bed was very comfortable , the room was big enough , and the shower was so relaxing . i had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at j ' s express . the fitness center was clean , and inspiring . i will recommend this hotel to others while in the area . 
very disapointed in the service and quality of this hotel . i travel quite frequently to chicago and have never had this happen at any other N star hotel . i reserved a king bed . at checkin i was informed they were out of kings and basically offered no type of compensation or upgrade . when i arrived at the room the air conditioner door was open and rattled all night . the tv did not work . had to call for service . the following day returned from work at Npm and found the room had not even been serviced . stay somewhere else . 
i recently made a business trip to chicago , in which i stayed at the downtown fairmont hotel . during my visit , i had an aroma-harmony massage . this experience greatly relieved my stress , from all the business meetings i ' d had that day . candace worked wonders for my neck muscles , especially . this was the only amenity that i sought out , during my trip . my time was very limited . however , the entire staff at this hotel treated me as if i were a valued guest . i ' ll definately stay at this hotel again when i ' m in the area . and , i highly recommend the spa ! 
did not enjoy my stay at the omni chicago hotel . firstly , the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful . there was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle . secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out , the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below N degrees . considering i paid well over N per night for the romance package reservation , it was below my standards and i will not be heading back to the omni chicago hotel any time soon . 
this hotel is absolutely beautiful . i is elegant , comfortable and a very relaxing stay . it was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping . i felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty . i would recommend this hotel to anyone . 
the james hotel in chicago was a huge let down . i was expecting a truly spectacular experience . on the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel . well , my family ' s bad experience started right when we walked in the door . it turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else , and the man at the front desk was extremely rude . we had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us . the room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they weren ' t already in the room . the one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym . all in all , i feel that we paid way too much for what we got . next time i will look to stay somewhere else . 
this is a beautiful hotel inside and outside . the rooms were very comfortable and clean . the hotel made my experience of visiting this city even more wonderful , i highly recommend this to anyone . 
what a quaint , warm and friendly place to stay ! very accomodating . . had N dble beds and bathroom was fine . . . . a bit small compared to usa hotels . . . . but compared to european travel . . . the place was palatial ! would def . stay here again . location is great too ! 
i can easily say this is one of the worst hotels i ' ve stayed at the . the receptionist up front was a snooty , sarcastic teenager or post teenager . you can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner . the room was dirty , stains on the carpet , the showerhead was moldy and rusted , the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches . the towels had a horrible aroma . the hotel is very narrow , so we were near a construction zone so , i would plan on waking up at N am if you choose the talbott . the next day , i asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room . that room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop . i asked for late checkout at Npm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day , if were not out by noon . i had to speak to the manager who gave us till Npm . please stay away from this hotel , i think a holiday inn would be better . andrew f . gulli 
it ' s so frustrating when a hotel posts a deal prominently on its website , claiming said deal is available on certain dates . but , when you call to make a reservation based on that deal , they tell you it ' s not available . there are rooms available , but not the deal . then they try to condescendingly tell you they can only sell so many rooms at such a deal . i get that . then just say that on the website . ' here ' s a great deal . . . but only a small number of people will actually get it . ' so much for the great reviews about service . . . i couldn ' t even get past the first phone call without being frustrated and annoyed . bad form , conrad , bad form . 
i had reservations to check into the chicago conrad . when we arrived my wife and i were told the hotel was oversold and that i would have to take a double room rather than a king . this was a special weekend for my wife and i so this was a big disappointment . we were offered a free dinner which we accepted . the restaurant was dark and the food was fairly good . the tub in the bathroom was clogged with hair and we had to call maintenance to repair . this took about an hour to resolve . overall we would not pick this hotel again . they should make sure all commitments are met and rooms are in excellent condition . we feel it was not a good value . 
great building and location , but . . . staff is indifferent , you have to pay for wifi ( after N usd night i would expect at least free wifi ) , no pool in the building and something i found really annoying is that , if you move anything from the minibar , they have sensors that automatically charge you . this is ridicoulus . the ipod dock in the room didn ' t work . also , we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over . definitely is not value for your money . you ' re just paying for the hard rock brand . i will never go back to a hard rock hotel . 
ambassador east is an awesome hotel ! ! ! understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel . my family stayed at the ambassador for two nights in a suite . very clean room with great space . the best part of the ambassador is not the rooms though . the staff was extremely courteous , especially the concierge . if you stay here you have to go to the pump room . the restaurant is full of nostalgia , the staff is great , and the food is excellent . great atmosphere and music . 
we stayed at the schicago hilton for N days and N nights for a conference . i have to say , normally i am very easy going about amenities , cleanliness , and the like . . . however our experience at the hilton was so awful i am taking the time to actually write this review . truly , do not stay at this hotel . when we arrived in our room , it was clear that the carpet hadn ' t been vacuumed . i figuered , ' okay , it ' s just the carpet . ' until i saw the bathroom ! although the bathroom had all the superficial indicators of housekeeping having recently cleaned ( i . e . , a paper band across the toilet , paper caps on the drinking glasses , etc . , it was clear that no actual cleaning took place . there was a spot ( probably urine ! ) on the toilet seat and , i kid you not , the remnants of a lip-smudge on the glass . i know people who have worked many years in the hotel industry and they always warned that lazy housekeeping will make things ' appear ' clean but in fact they make no effort to keep things sanitary . well , the hilton was proof . i called downstairs and complained , and they sent up a chambermaid hours later . frankly , i found the room disgusting . the hotel itself , outside the rooms , was cavernous and unwelcoming , with an awful echo in the lobby area that created a migraine-inducing din . rarely have i been so eager to leave a place as this . when i got home , i washed all my clothes whether i had worn them or not , such was the skeeviness of our accomodations . please , do yourself a favor and stay at a clean hotel . 
i just enjoyed a N-day weekend at the swissotel chicago . a friend of mine booked it and got a great rate . cheaper than even a fleabag motel . so keep an eye out for specials . the view was great , the location was prime . the staff was helpful . the room was large ( we had N double beds ) . i only have one complaint . our room was next to some sort of storage or mechanical room where employees ( i think ) would sneak off to talk on the phone . the sound came right though the vent in our bathroom and we could hear them plain-as-day . fortunately , the sound was only in the bathroom so it wasn ' t like it kept us up at night . it was just a little weird . overall , a great stay and i will definitely stay there again . 
my stay at the ambassador east was great ! the hotel is in a great location in the charming gold coast neighborhood of downtown chicago . gave me the feeling of staying in a chicago neighborhood vs . the concrete jungle of downtown , but the magnificent mile and rush street are just a few blocks from the front door . the staff was very friendly . also , really enjoyed having drinks in the historic pump room . they had a live band on saturday , and i really enjoyed looking at the pictures of the celebrities throughout the lounge that visited from years gone by . definitely recommend it . 
upon entering my hotel room at the palmer house hilton i immediately turned my nose up at a foul odor coming from the bathroom . after placing my bags on a poorly made bed i walked into the bathroom to find the last visitor had failed to flush the toilet . i immediately called room service and asked for a new room . they apologetically told me there were no other rooms available but would send someone right up to handle the mess . after oh around a half hour of waiting a very angry maid knocked at my door . she seemed very irritated to have to deal with the mess and looked at me as if i should have been the one dealing with it . after the room was cleaned up she turned to me as if asking for a tip . i hesitated and she angrily stormed out of the room . i thought things would run smoother and tried to relax with an ipod . yes you can use your ipod in the room however what they fail to mention is the constant white noise because the signals are so poor . and nothing could compare to the remote control heating and air . when i was able to get the buttons on the remote to work the temperature seemed to change on its own . if i wanted hot air it would slowly get colder and vise versa . after giving up on a nice television program i decided to retire to bed . egyptian sheets ? right ! all i can say is i found myself early to check out and in a new hotel within the next hour . if you value your back do not rent a room from this hotel . 
beautiful hotel , but doesn ' t have a lot to offer for the price . sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them , tv remote would not function properly . valet service truly needs improvement . we payed quite a bit for overnight parking , and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave . when we asked to find out what was taking so long , we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk , with no answers . 
my husband and i had a wonderful time at swissotel chicago , when my husband went for a trade fair . we got a classic double room for two nights and it was definitely worth the money . clean and comfortable , chic and new fixtures . the view of the pier was magnificent . staff were most helpful and prompt when we requested extra towels and pillow . it ' s right next to riverside restaurants and river is very pretty . 
we loved this hotel and would definitely come back . initially we weren ' t given a goldfish , which was disappointing , but then we left a tip for the housekeeper , and she rewarded us with one . we had fun sipping wine and playing wii in the lobby every afternoon . the staff were quite friendly and helpful , even printing our boarding passes for us . our room was very comfortable , with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper . at first we were worried about noise , since our room was next to the elevator , but we hardly heard it , and didn ' t notice any street noise either . the hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated , well-lit , and ideally located . 
i have stayed at this property several times , the hotel is located in south chicago area , at the convention center . staff was friendly . i asked for , and was given a room with a city view , up high . the room i had was handicap-able , so i think it was a bit different the the rest . the elevators were fast and efficient , the property was clean . N computers are offered in the lobby to print airline documents . the internet in rooms was slow , but useful . not certain if i will be charged for it or not ? my only negative is that there are no in room safes . i called and was told that i could keep my valuables in the safe behind the front desk ? ? odd for a hotel ? ? who wants to wait in a lines to access cash , or personal property ? the red line subway is about a N block walk , safe by day . check out the shark chicken fish takeout restaurant close by , great catfish ! ! 
it ' s conveniently located right next to one of the theaters that ' s playing wicked . so the eccentrically decorated room i had was a bit smaller than it appeared on the hotel site ' s photos . my room did not have a great view , it ' s facing other tall buildings , but it was quiet . it does have modern amenitiy like the flat screen tv , very comfortable bed , toiletries from aveda , and an alarm clock radio that you can hook up your ipod to . the downside is i had trouble finding an outlet to plug my laptop and charge my phone . the closet is very small . this hotel has been around for a while even with it ' s modern amenities , but for some reason i just got the creeps especially when someone told me the hotel was part of the haunted tour . . i didn ' t see anything unusual . overall , it ' s not too shabby . 
every moment of our stay here was wonderful . . . . the staff is very welcoming and helpful , the hotel in every detail is beautiful . . . we loved our stay here ! they have a complimentary driver who will take you anywhere in the city you would like to go , which is a real treat ! the rooms that we had adjoined and were very spacious ( one had a fireplace ) and the bathrooms were gorgeous no detail has been overlooked ! we also used the workout area which is also very well done with great equipment . thank you , elysian for coming to chicago and giving us a world class place to stay . . . we will definately come back . 
this hotel is not really my style . it is very contemporary , but the beds are so very comfortable . . . . so that ' s great . the " living room " about blew my teen kids away . they think that it ' s the bomb . what i have loved so far . . . . . chris the guy out front who helped us bring up our bags . he ' s awesome and friendly . . . . made friends with my son and even called us to tell my son that they were filming the new batman downstairs and that he should come down and watch the filming . that was cool . we got to see " gotham " police dept . cars on the street . apparently , they ' ll be filming all night . i also forgot my computer power cable and jeff , the concierge , called around and helped me find one . that was a godsend . i ' m working on my master ' s thesis and really would have been in bad shape without it . all in all , this is not a great shopping destination hotel , but we ' re easy walking distance to lollapalooza and thus the art museum and theatre district . very comfortable . very nice . p . s . thanks w staff . you ' ve made this a nice experience . 
so many positive reviews of this hotel from people who have never before contributed to tripadvisor ? you can t help but wonder if they re written by never-stay college students for N a pop . so is the elysian that good ? frankly , after our may stay , i would travel back to chicago from australia just to revisit this hotel . we still reminisce about our N night stay at the elysian - a nostalgic conversation prompted this review . fantastic location . despite the rigorous no-tipping policy , the service is extraordinary consistently uber-friendly , helpful and efficient . door staff offer umbrellas at the suggestion of rain , jump to provide the free hotel town car service whenever possible . restaurant staff , noting the presence of a noisy group of diners , quickly offer a table in a quiet corner . the spa delivered the best pedicure of my life . gym staff offer evian water as you rack up your treadmill miles . our premier gold coast suite was subtle and gorgeous , with excellent flat screen tvs , cosy fire-place , fabulous wardrobe space and gi-normous marble bathroom only suggestion for improvement would be outdoor furniture on the terrace . housekeeping was perfect , the bathroom always squeaky clean . great free wi-fi . room service menu was a bit minimalist for my taste . after a delectable mexican dinner at salpicon and hilarity at second city , we stopped by the hotel bar for a night-cap . snug , elegant , romantically dim , with generous yet non-intrusive service we enjoyed excellent cocktails at bernard s bar . ( the next day i unsuccessfully tried to discover the ingredients of mine on the internet i think it contained lavender ? ) absolutely recommend this hotel ! 
i made my reservation at the whitehall hotel on expedia . com . when i arrived , cecelia at the front desk informed me that they had not received any notice of the reservation from expedia . i placed a call and the representative at expedia kept me waiting nearly an hour before he was able to determine that an error in their computer system was causing the e-faxed reservation confirmations to not be sent properly to hotels . cecelia was very patient and helpful . she also upgraded us to a beautiful suite even though the hotel was not at fault . she is a wonderful example of what hospitality really means and i will definitely be returning to the whitehall . 
my fiancee and i booked a room at the knickerbocker and just returned . we had room N , which had a king size bed and a partial view of the beach . this hotel is not as bad as people on this website say it is . i was concerned after reading some reviews , but when we arrived i realized that some people are just way too picky . i didn ' t feel the hotel was " disgusting " as some other reviewers thought . here are some highlights room - the room was decent sized and had a very comfortable king size bed . the decorations are a little weird , but i feel like it adds to the character of this hotel . the bathroom is small , but for one person at a time it is fine . the shower worked really nice and the soaps and shampoos included were good quality . considering how old the hotel is , i feel the rooms are in very good condition . lobby - the lobby is large with a really nice bar attached . the drinks were pricey though at about N for a rum and coke . we didn ' t go to the hotel restaurant , but it looked like it is very reasonably priced . staff - the front desk staff , concierge , and bell hops were all very friendly and accommodating . the concierge even helped us find the address for a bar we were looking for . we had no problems at all . location - absolutely perfect . less than one block from michigan avenue and the hancock building and only about two blocks from water tower place . it is close to the beach too . also , tons of restaurants were within walking distance , including ditka ' s . parking - we parked directly across the street at the parking garage right next to the drake . they charged N per day , but it ' s better than the N per day that the hotel charges . overall , we had a great stay at the knickerbocker and we would stay there again . 
at about N night for N people ( breakfast included ) , this was undeniably an excellent deal . the location is prime , and the room was well-designed and comfortably held our entire family . the free cocktail each evening was nice the nibbles were decent ( an unfortunate sea of styrofoam cups , however ) . however , the much vaunted " cooked to order breakfast " was a chaotic , unpleasant ordeal each morning . we felt like cattle waiting to be served at the trough . there was insufficient seating , and the entire environment reeked of make-shift disposable ( ugly folding tables chairs , ugly plastic trays , and again a miserable waste of styrofoam cups ) . dread of the breakfast pandemonium would cause hesitation in whether to stay at this hotel again . it is a shame , as so much of the hotel has good things to offer . 
unless you don ' t care about service , it is non-existent behind the front desk . i was staying at the hotel felix with my wife and N kids . " can i have adjoining rooms ? " " no sir they are all accounted for . " " ok , can i have a room w two double beds that are near my room ? " " no sir , they are all accounted for . " " i am traveling with N kids , what would you like me to do ? " no reply . all rooms that were left for us were one queen bed and no adjoining rooms . meanwhile it was N pm and this was a very early check in . at this point we decided we could not stay and sat on the couch to discuss our next move . after another few minutes a woman who was also behind the front desk walked over to us and whispered , " i got you a king bed in one room and a queen in another and they are adjoining " " wonderful , we will take it ! ! " the rooms were very clean and small , but that is to be expected in a boutique hotel . when we put the air conditioning on in one of the rooms it made a noise so loud that we couldn ' t hear our tv in the second room . we called down and a maintenance man was sent up . he said the problem was the condenser and there was not much he could do . he spent about N minutes in our room but could not fix it . he left and said he would be back in a few minutes . he came back and said that he could try to reset the unti . he spent another N N hour with us and reset the unit to no avail . " sorry , nothing we can do , but we could switch your room " obviously not , it took long enough to get adjoining rooms . " so the unit cannot be fixed ? " " nope , but i can give you a free movie " great , i have an air conditioner that is so loud that i can ' t hear the tv and for that inconvenience i can have a free movie that i won ' t be able to hear . great ! so my child decides to watch avatar . he blasts the tv in his room and then it is time to go to dinner so he needs to pause the tv . we go to dinner and then come back to the room and he tries to watch his movie again . cannot find it anywhere to resume play . so , the hotel sends up the same maintenance guy . he spends another N N hour with us to try to resume the movie . he cant figure it out . " you will just have to order it again " " ok , will that be complimentary ? " " no , you will have to pay for that " thats all i got . had a fantastic weekend in chicago . stay there all the time . have never had such poor service , which is very surprising giving the amount of competition that exists . 
i loved this hotel . i first stayed in hotel indigo in atlanta , ga , and loved it so i figured i ' d give it another shot . this one did not disappoint . the location is a bit far from downtown , but you ' re right by the l , so it ' s really not bad . the beds are amazingly comfortable , the decor is bright and fresh , the rooms are fairly spacious ( although a small bathroom ) . the service was ok . they were not rude at all , but no overly nice either . i would definitely stay in this hotel again if i were headed back to chicago . ) 
we stayed here for the following reasons N . free chicago parking N . free shuttle to train station at midway N . points per night were N , N on starwood the employees were extremely friendly and cooperative , the shuttle drivers and front desk bent over backwards to give you anything you needed . my basic complaint with the property is that it needs a good makeover . double beds in two bedded rooms are too small for this man and his wife , " we got little or no sleep " . not that we shouldn ' t lose at least N pounds between the two of us , but i do prefer queen beds in two bedded rooms . the room itself was tidy , but needed updating . certainly nothing to keep me away from it . the hvac system was noisy and did not keep the temperature very steady , we spent the night either too hot or too cold -- very little sleep for either of us . the tv didn ' t work most of the time we were there , we would have moved rooms but weren ' t in the room enough to bother with that . two free computers and printers in the lobby to use for guests were very convenient . parking is free here , so we were able to leave our car and use public transportation to get around town at N for a two day transit pass . shuttle service was near immediate every time we needed it . they gave us a number to call when we were approaching the train station to let them know you needed picked up . 
we stayed N nights and were extremely pleased with the accommodations and service we received . we were able to check in N Nam which was a relief ( reg checkin was Npm ) . rooms were fantastic and we were given a great view of the city overlooking the riverwalk . fitness center is great also . one disappointment no pool jacuzzi . 
absolutely awesome hotel ! i had the pleasure at staying at this hotel on short notice . the staff , specifically ms . jackie , and ms . regina provided great service . i flew in from washington , d . c . and my family failed to find a place for me to stay . cslh found a way to help me at the most difficult time . once i got to my room , everything was well laid out , the room was very clean , and you the climate , as well as the freshness of the room was very nice . the attitude of every member of the staff was very friendly and professional . i will certainly comeback to this hotel ! ! you cant beat the price ! this is where you want to sleep tonight . . . trust me ! 
the front desk agents are incredibly helpful , courteous , knowledgeable and truly love what they do . if you get the pleasure to stay here - i would ask for matt by name . he was so helpful to me . he gave me the inside scoop of millennium park and the surrounding area . speaking of the area - it is right on the chicago river , just a nice stroll down ( literally ) to michigan avenue . in between millennium park and the wrigley building . 
very nice hotel , but the bed was pretty hard . large bathroom , big room , huge closet and okey location . . shopping on michigan avenue was walkable . i was there aug , N-N , N and the weather was pleasant enough to walk the magnificent mile . the carpeting on the Nst floor could use some cleaning though . weekend breakfast buffet was N . i ended up having a croissant and coffee in the lobby which was excellent and only N . ordered room service the day i arrived and the pizza was awful . since i was starving and the cost was N , i ate it anyway . staff was very friendly . when i did go to the gift shop , it was closed and the sign said the employee would return in N minutes . . i never went back . overall , this was an okey hotel . i do admit though , it did not meet the expectations of what i have frequently read about fairmont hotels . 
we just returned from a four night stay at the the seneca . i booked this trip through a travelzoo promotion ( N night for deluxe suite ) before i read any trip advisor reviews . since it was a non-refundable rate , there was no turning back . the exterior and interior of the hotel are full of charm and the staff is very polite and helpful . though the elevators are small , they exude the character of the period and were always available when called . we arrived way before check-in and our luggage was safely stored and the hotel staff advised us of the best way to get to our desired locations . our luggage was promptly delivered to our Nth floor room with a hotel provided baby bed upon check-in . the room was a deluxe suite which included a bedroom , bathroom , two walk-in closets , living room , dining area with table for four and full-size kitchen with everything you need if you want to cook . the space was just right for our family of five with the exception of the bathroom . it was very small . the overall decor was extremely dated but everything was clean . the two closets are a waste however , one was so large that it served as bedroom for the baby . there were no black-out curtains in either room , so we were up with the sun . our floor had a very clean , coin operated washer and dryer which ended up coming in handy after a couple of baby accidents . there is a small but efficient gym on the top floor with about N machines and free weights . everyday i was in there , it was being cleaned . there were always fresh towels to use and a full water cooler as well as a flat screen tv . also on the top floor is a beautiful and underused roof deck . i don ' t know if you can see the navy pier fireworks from there but it is worth trying . if i were to travel to chicago again with my family , i would definitely stay here again . the location was perfect , the price was right and we had plenty of space in our room . if i were to go with just my husband , i would probably stay somewhere a little more luxurious . all in all , this was a budget and family friendly hotel . 
had booked the room earlier in the year requesting early check-in . arrived , told room wasn ' t ready . my daughter had to change in the bathroom to attend conference . upon return to the hotel later in the afternoon , the room we were given was double booked . had to wait while they moved that gentleman out and recleaned the room . staff is indifferent . for the price charged for the room , the hotel is quite plain , the inconvenience - never stay here again . willing to pay more for a nicer , more friendly place
we stayed at the hotel allegro when we recently visited chicago to see the musical , wicked . the trendy boutique hotel had been recommended by several friends , and it was miles from ordinary but steps from everything . allegro is located in the theater area and near one of the el stations it was only a block and a half to traverse before making it to the property . friendly bellmen escorted us in , and we ascended the staircase to the second level to check in ( we discovered the nearby elevator later ) . the lobby reminded us of a contemporary mod Ns motif with red velvet couches , oversized midnight blue chairs and modern light fixtures . dark wood covered the walls and was paired with a large , checkerboard carpet in brown and cream . the front desk staff was welcoming , explaining the business center , fitness area that i truly thought we would use and the surrounding areas . this lobby also serves as the locale where free unlimited wine flows during the wine hour , each evening from N-N p . m . the concierge is also located on this floor . visiting hotel allegro marked one of the few times that i have used hotel hair products . all aveda products were available and the small bathroom had a deep bathtub and marble countertops . the hotel itself is updated from an older building , so the rooms are not large according to today s standards . we had enough space , and the rooms were carefully decorated in chocolate and salmon with accents of gold and light green . in an armoire , the expansive mini bar was stocked with a small refrigerator and dry goods area contained anything from red bull to snacks and even hangover remedies . a cd player was available as well . the closet housed an iron and ironing board , but by no means was this closet large , even to the smallest of munchkinlanders . the encore liquid lounge had a groovy feel with upbeat tempos . we appreciated the wicked-themed martinis such as the lollypop kid , making for an even better night of theater . people from all walks ( literally there was a race that weekend ) stopped in for drinks before or after the theater , on the way to dinner or as a nightcap . the bartenders were extremely attentive , even on the busiest nights . food may also be purchased . N chicago is the adjacent , on-site restaurant serving breakfast , lunch and dinner . allegro s amenities stretched from leopard print robes delivered on request to a complimentary yoga basket to use while watching the yoga station on television . we saw plenty of pets during our stay . allegro s pet friendly policy is actually a good one - there is no weight limit and furry creatures can even book their own happy tails hotel package . our only complaint was not even the hotel s fault . a gaggle of teenagers stayed on our floor for a bat mitzvah and did not sleep much during the night , which meant that we had the privilege of enjoying their noise . the walls are definitely thin , although our room on the sixth floor overlooking the el did not have any street noise . the convenient location did prove to be in the middle of everything , even a parade . as we were in chicago during memorial day weekend , the parade was gearing up just as we were leaving our hotel and we were able to enjoy it before moving on to nearby shopping on state street and michigan avenue . we walked to both areas , but michigan avenue might merit a cab ride home , depending on the amount of shopping completed . also nearby is the new millennium park , grant park , the art institute , tons of dining and more . we would definitely go back . it was the perfect complement to a weekend of culture in chicago . 
i stayed here in december of N for a convention at mccormick place . location couldn ' t have been better , never had to walk outside to get to the conference . the room was nice , with a nice view of the lake ( i was on the Nth floor , not facing the city ) . overall , the room was clean , but there were minor things that would have made it better - what appeared to be a coffee stain in the carpet , some mior touchup in the paint in the bathroom . also , the heating was finicky , although it worked fine overall ( blew cool air when it reached temperature instead of shutting off at times ) . the iron looked hardly used , but could have used replacement . the restaurants on site were pretty good , especially liked shor . they a resort-priced , but right on target for what i ' ve seen in chicago price-wise . there is a metra station right next to the hotel , and the N cta train runs right in front ot the hyatt to michigan avenue , so although the location isn ' t necessarily in the heart of downtown , it ' s very accessible with public transportation . the service at the hotel was very good . every staff member i had dealings with treated me very well , and made me feel welcome . i absolutely will stay he again when i return next year . on a final note , the bed at this hotel was among the most comforatble i have ever slept in , including my own bed at home . i highly recommend this place . 
palomar ' s location on state street near illinois is central to all of chicago ' s best . staff here treats you royally from check-in to check-out . our room wasspotless and oversized and the hotel has a rooftop lap pool and state of the art fitness center . an evening social of wine along with delicious flatbreads is served from N to N in a beautiful street level room with horizontal fireplace and cozy chairs and decorative allure . morning coffee and tea is available early each day . one thing i might suggest is a complimentary breakfast along with the coffee since this area is a gathering place and a light bite along with morning coffee would be most appreciated . on anothewr note , palomar ' s restaurant sable has a fine dining reputation whcih we will be sure to check out at our next stay . 
this was our first time at this residence inn and our weekend stay was great . we know the area well . we love all the action in the river north section of town . the room was large with a bedroom , sitting room and kitchen . it was super clean with all the amenities . we had five people in the sitting room for a visit and we could have held N more . the price was very reasonable ( even though chicago rates are getting pretty high ) . a great quality to price ratio . the staff was extremely friendly and helpful without getting " in your face " . we ' ll definitely be back . 
having stayed in a few kimpton hotels , we decided to try the new palomar in chicago for a family weekend . the location is great , a few blocks from michigan ave . , walking distance to theaters and wonderful restaurants . the staff was very friendly and didn ' t not ignore the kids as is the case at many " hip boutique " hotels . they were given goody bags , with colored pencils , yoyos etc . everything needed to keep a " bored " kid busy while waiting for dinner , the yoyos were in constant use on our walks around the city . the room was a true one bedroom suite with ample couch room for the two kids . the bathroom was glorious , one of the largest bathtubs i have ever seen ! as for the restaurant and bar , the bar has one of the best cocktail menus , more of a book , i have ever seen . defining hand crafted . the only meal we eat at the hotel was a breakfast , which was good , but the service was very slow , possibly due to the fact that is was sunday morning at opening time . we would highly recommend this kimpton property , it is now our first choice for weekend getaways in chicago . 
it was not a bad hotel , but i will not ever stay again . i believed the other reviews , and took a chance . though people may have mentioned some good things , there were so many small things that were not good , they all added up . they list a dvd player in each room . when we were put on hold about the missing player , the recording they play as you wait , boasted about the dvd players in each room . we were told the owners got rid of them . they also got rid of the coffee pots ! there are no raised floor bottoms on the shower , so an extra drain is in front of the toilet , for the water . water flows freely all over the bathroom floor under the shower curtain . the tv was on the far right of the room , though the N beds are in the middle . tv was in a little cubby area , not good for viewing . the fridge was so small , it only has enough room for the mini-bar items . if you want to use it , you have to remove all the pay stuff , and have the bar items take up nearly all of the limited counter space . elevators barely held N people and our luggage . no joke . N person max , and no room for luggage with N ! hot elevator temp . smallest lobby i have ever seen . about the size of my great room and kitchen . the main lobby being a great room , and the coffee area like my kitchen . . air conditioning in the lobby and halls were none , or limited . concierge never answered my emails sent N days before my trip . location was good , but there are better at this price . rooms were clean , bedding was great . robes were shown in photos . no robes . no vending machines of any kind . lobby offers free coffee and water . ice only on every other floor . staff was friendly . we had to change rooms . Nst room had a garbage dumpster outside our window , and was old , odd shaped , and poorly arranged . . second room had a nicer view , and was newer . Nnd room also had better tv placement . tvs were flat screen , hd . the channels however , were not hd , so we had to adjust the screen width so we did not have to watch everything stretched . all rooms are not equal . old room had a huge bathroom , huge like a locker room . very odd . . nicer Nnd room had a tiny tiny bathroom , but it did have a ledge to stop the water . it only had a shower door though . . no soap dish in the showers . no hook or ring for a hand towel . no cup in the bathroom . both bathrooms had an odd placement for the bath towels . right above the toilet paper . unless you folded your towels in , they covered the toilet paper . carpet was like kitchen carpet , flat and a little stained , though clean . N rocks glasses at the bar , but no cup to brush your teeth . bathroom scale and remote both needed new batteries . maids were quiet and courteous . other guests were also quiet and courteous . one thing i will list as a deal breaker though , was the air conditioning . in both of our rooms , the air was a dial thermostat . ( a dial like an . am radio ) the air in both rooms was set at N degrees . this is the lowest setting . my guess was it was around N to N degrees in the room , with no way to go lower . not horribly hot , but never refreshingly cool by any measure . they claimed the Nnd room had updated or recently cleaned air vents , filters , etc . . but it was the same . there is no reason whatsoever to choose this hotel over any other . i hope my words have a ring of truth , as i tried to mention good as well as not so good . not bad , just not good . the N dollar a day internet is really too much . many chicago hotels are free internet , and the ones who charge range from N-N dollars . also , you have to get a code every N hours for the internet . we take a trip to chicago every year , for the past N or N yrs . different hotel every time . this is my Nst review of any chicago downtown hotel . i d never been disappointed before . we ve never stayed at the hyatt , or hilton . we always stay at mid-priced chains . our Nst so-called boutique , and our last . 
for me , this is the best location in chicago . you are on state street with a view of the river and can walk within a few minutes to the theater district or michigan ave for some shopping . the service at this hotel is what you would expect for the price - first rate . the rooms are comfortable , nicely decorated , and most offer a good view . from our room we could see the river , the chicago theatre , and the wrigley building . this hotel is pricey , but worth it . on our stay , we were on the Nth floor and had only two problems . first , there were some guests who were a bit loud in the hallway . i called the front desk and security came to quiet them immediately ( both times ) . the hotel can ' t keep guests from being a bit loud while enjoying themselves , but they did all they could to keep them quiet after receiving complaints , so i appreciated that . the second problem was that there were a lot of sirens in the city and we could hear them from our room . i ' ve stayed in chicago many times and have experienced the same problem at all hotels , so there isn ' t anything that can be done about that . just ask for a room as high up as you can get , but even the top floor won ' t keep you from hearing sirens . parking is steep , but there are plenty of self-park garages nearby , so choose one of those to save a few dollars , if you are interested . 
great location , great service , great rooms ! i would definitely stay here again . 
i ' m a chicago native ( tho ' moved away in ' N ) and went " home " for a weekend with my husband to visit friends . this hotel was perfect . the location was great . . . basically dearborn and division . we took the cta for N each from midway airport to the hotel . went smoothly except for a few flights of stairs with luggage . if you ' re a bit adventurous , the cta ' s definitely a value ! the hotel ' s style reminded me of an upscale hotel that you ' d find in a european city . . . rooms are small , but the decorating was " edgy " in a very cool way . granite counter tops in the bathrooms , pergo flooring in the room with an area rug , one wall was covered with huge blueberry wallpaper . ( yes , like someone took a photo of a basket of just-washed blueberries , and blew it up into a wall-sized photograph ! ) linens and bedding were pristine . room was very clean . only drawback was that room was located directly across from the elevator and we could hear folks chattin ' while waiting and the " ding " when the elevator arrived . staff was friendly and helpful , phone system was easy to use ( voice mail wake up calls ) . we did not eat there . ( hotel has a limited breakfast menu , but what they had looked appetizing and the seating area looked clean and , again , had that cool decorating thing goin ' on . ) had breakfast a few doors down at Nrd coast cafe--also highly recommend the selection there is more of a bacon eggs , bigger breakfast type thing . " mother ' s " ( a fairly well-known bar ) was around the corner . lots of fun . . . sang ' til N Nam with the rest of the folks at the bar . crowd was about N years younger than we were , but they didn ' t seemed bothered by us old folks ( we ' re in our forties ) . the wait staff there was pleasant , even at that hour , and since mother ' s had only popcorn to eat , our waitress suggested we run across the street , pick up a pizza and bring it back in ! we had a ball . . . 
my wife and i needed a hotel downtown to stay at while we celebrated our N year anniversary . we stayed downtown on our wedding night , so we wanted to stay downtown again . but it was the week of a huge music festival and prices were skyhigh . so we searched and found a great price online for the whitehall . we knew nothing about it , but looked it up on tripadvisor ( as we always do ) . many people had good , and some bad things to say about the hotel . . . but our experience was all good . first , great location . blocks away from the hancock building , shopping , great food . . . and everything is in walking distance . second , the hotel is classically beautiful and clean . finally , they treated us well . we had a problem with our air conditioner , they fixed it quickly . when they found out it was our anniversary , they upgraded us . we were thrilled with our whole experience and would recomend it highly . 
i always enjoy staying at this hotel in the heart of chicago ' s magnificent mile for business . i have stayed here a few times and just have to write to say i hate that small bathroom ! the door is in the way and the tissue ( this time around ) was not a hook , just placed on the bathroom lid ! mind you , that is probably not the best place for it . otherwise , the hotel was fine . 
our son ' s entry into the chicago marathon presented the opportunity for a short visit to chicago . a four day reservation was arranged cheerfully and without difficulty . our arrival through o ' hare international two days prior to the marathon gave adequate time to settle-in and to gain a perspective on hotel facilities and navigation around the city . catching the train from o ' hare delivered us within three blocks from our hotel . the hotel proved to be an ideal location as a launch pad for touring the city and for short foot-bound excursions to many nearby attractions . the hotel is within blocks of ground transportation and was a short distance to many critical waypoints along the marathon route . when coming " home " to the hotel we always received a friendly and courteous greeting from the hotel staff . room service was equally cordial and helpful . the rooms were spacious and sparkling clean . the hotel ' s breakfast buffets were great as were the extended facilities . we would recommend this hotel to family and friends and will return at our earliest convenience . 
we made our reservation using priceline name your price and save N . N off the expedia rate . the hotel is very convenient to the attractions we wanted to see . it sits right on the chicago river and if you get a room on the north end of the west tower you will have a great view of the chicago river and lake michigan . houllihan ' s restaurant is one block to the west and has a great breakfast bar that is considerably less than the hotel restaurant . the staff are friendly , the room was quiet , the bed was great and we slept well . buy your own water from the N-eleven store N blocks west . the bottled water in the room is very expensive . don ' t open the refrigerator unless you want to be charged for using it . 
my wife and i stayed here for one night and also used the spa services . i got a deep tissue massage which was awesome , my wife got a facial . the place was very clean and the staff was pleasant and accommodating . the hotel itself is very hip , it has a real club feel . the first floor bar and second floor lobby have a good layout , great decoration and in the evening they are comfortably crowded with a nice atmosphere . the rooms are unique but very comfortable . great view out the floor to ceiling window and you can tell that everything is new . quick note on the shower it shares a wall glass window with the room . the glass is covered with a curtain , but if you want to you can open the curtain from the room to have a full view of the shower in use . pretty fun . overall , this place is awesome and a great place for chicago . 
just stayed here again for vacation . another great stay . the room was a great size . love having a coffee maker , microwave refrigerator in the room , with trader joe ' s next door this can save you lots . the staff was always pleasant and very helpful . it is a great location just one block off the magnificent mile . will always stay here for pleasure or business when in town . just great location and value for the cost . 
i stayed at the fairmont in august N . it ' s a bit far away to write this review but i thought i would drop a line since i had a great experience . we booked through expedia . ca . i had written a comment to ask if we could get an upgrade since this is a special trip . i went with my aunt who had never travelled outside of toronto since she moved from hk N years ago and it was her first time taking the plane and visiting the us . the hotel gave us a big suite with N separate beds and we had a beautiful view . we stayed here for N nights and the service is fantastic . we forgot our slippers and called room service late at night and they came very quickly . the rooms are what you see on the website ' s pictures . and the hotel is very generous with the toiletries like shower cap , soap , shampoo , conditioner , shoe mit . if you need toothpaste , they will also bring it up . only downside is it ' s a bit of a walk to magnificent mile - a good N minutes . it ' s windy and very sunny so be sure to bring a scarf a light jacket at night . but it ' s close to the millenium park and the bean . there ' s a grocery store close to the hotel so we grabbed some snacks there . we also walked almost everywhere but took a cab to a nice restaurant further away . i highly recommend this hotel , the staff at the front desk are nice , accommodating and there ' s no attitude or snottiness . i booked early so i think you should do that if you want to secure a good price . we had a room on a high floor and never heard any noise from the the rooms next door . we didn ' t eat at the hotel restaurants and preferred venturing to cafes on magnificent mile and other streets in that area . 
stayed N nights in april . our room was very nice and newly renovated . six lifts so no long wait , you had to have a room key to use the lift after N . Npm . very large hotel so staff appeared not to be aware what was going on expect in there own area , front desk staff could not tell me opening hours for the bars or restaurants . as it is such a big hotel it has no atmosphere . booked this hotel on hotwire so got a bit of value would have been disappointed if i had paid full price . 
first time in chicago . . . stuck with one of our favourite hilton chains and we were not disappointed . very well priced . great location . walking distance to the theatre we were attending . close to three transit lines and a couple stops to shopping during the day and blues clubs at night . the rooms were well decorated , laid out and quite comfortable . what we have come to expect from a hampton . 
we just got home from a weekend at the palmer house-what a wonderful experience ! not only was it a beautiful hotel but everyone was so accomodating and friendly ! ! i will definetly stay there again ! ! 
stayed here for N nights . good location , near to the mag . mile . very large hotel with typical service ( both good and bad ) that you would expect . long wait for check-in - the three people on the desk kept disappearing for long periods behind a screen ! lady on the concierge was not very friendly ( as i see others have noted ) , and looked surprised that i wanted to know how to get to the art institute . worst thing was the sound insulation in the rooms . i had two connecting doors , and could hear everything from next door -conversations , toilet , television - well , i mean everything ! had to sleep with ear plugs in ! when will hotels learn that , if they have rooms with connecting doors , these should at least be insulated properly when not in use eg with padding or a sound-proof cover . i paid almost N per night , but it was like staying in a N star motel . no chance to move room as the hotel was completely full . apart from that it was ok - but the maid did keep knocking on the door , despite the fact that i had a do not disturb card on the door ! also , the soap in the shower gave me a rash ! i think there are better hotels in chicago for these prices . 
the raffaello is in a great location for spending a few days in chicago shopping and sightseeing . we self-parked our car at the garage across the street for N per day and left it there the entire time . great shopping and restaurants all within walking distance . the hotel itself is in a fairly quiet location . we had a double room which was pretty spacious for a downtown hotel . the beds were very comfortable and the room and bathroom were very clean . the front desk staff was not very friendly , but the bell captains were always polite and helpful . we booked a N-night special through the hotel website for N per night which i would say was a great value for this convenient , updated hotel . 
the w lakeshore hotel is a great place to stay hands down ! ! i traveled solo on a business trip from new york and the treatment from when i walked into the " living room " to when i checked in was superb . the whatever whenever experience was executed to a t . whenever i requested a toothbrush , shaving kit and even floss , the young lady raquel brought it up to me with a smile . she was very kind and always used her name and never ceased to let me know if i needed anything else to let her know . i felt like i was bothering her at times but she didnt mind at all . . w lakeshore crew , you guys rock ! ! ! 
i have spend two separate weeks at this property recently , once during the month of january and once during february . this property is quite large though their staffing seems to have been greatly reduced . the concierge desk was never manned . i never saw more than two staffmembers at the front desk . the rooms are quite dated but are of a standard size and adequately maintained . the animal print wallpaper is peeling at spots and the furniture in the rooms is showing more than average wear and tear . the location of this property is just north of the chicago river and one block east of michigan avenue . the loop and the magnificent mile are within easy walking distance . the airport is easily accessed by cathing the N busline ( directly behind the pj clarke ' s restaurant in front of the hotel ) which will take you to milwaukee where you can catch the blue line to o ' hare . chicago ' s buses are equipped with visual and auditory indications for each stop . there are several excellent restaurants within walking distance of this hotel . transportation is excellent with a cta ( chicago transit authority ) N-day pass available for N . you can purchase this pass at the blue line station at o ' hare . beware if you are looking for dinner after a day of business meetings you will be hard set to find any restaurants open after Npm ! 
i stayed at this hotel when doing business at an office on the magnificent mile . the hotel was very functional . . . free wifi was a plus . . . and the adjoining starbucks was very convenient . i ordered room service one evening which took a very long time to arrive , but the next morning i had a note of apology under my door with a gift certificate for a free starbucks coffee . the room service food , though , was very good . i went out for a run one afternoon and found it easy to run down to millenium park and back in about N minutes . the last time i was doing business in this location , i stayed at the w hotel near the lake . it is obviously difficult to compare the two hotels , but i would stay at the courtyard again next time just for its basic good service , convenience , and functionality . 
a group of us stayed at the w lakeshore for a weekend for my sister ' s bachelorette party . we chose the package deal which was supposed to include a luxury suite for the bride and N friends , limo transportation to and from the clubs , and special vip treatement at le passage . instead , we got a suite with one king bed ( for N people ) , a bus , and the bouncers at le passage acted as though they had no idea what we were talking about . so obviously i ' d never recommend the bachelorette package . in addition , checking in took forever , the staff was unfriendly and rude , and the hotel decor is overrated . the only thing we liked about our stay were the bliss products in the bathroom ! 
this is the first time i stayed at the wyndham blake hotel . the common areas are uninspiring but the rooms are very large and nice . there are many drawers for storage in the rooms and in the bathrooms . my bathroom was also larger than an average hotel bathroom and and nicely decorated . the view out the window was a brick wall but i didn ' t get the room for the view . i wish i had tried the breakfast but i didn ' t . i had to get to work too early . the breakfast opens about N am . there is a restaurant that is attached and next door . it is pricey and not a place for a quick dinner on a business trip . it is more of a date-night-out restaurant . the door man , and the rest of the staff , were very helpful . overall , i liked the hotel and would recommend it to others if you need to be in the area . 
beautiful , modern rooms--a view provided based on request at check-in . fantastic concierge service--these people really love know the city--recommended things with knowlege and zeal plus there are N-N available at a time . no pool but rumor has it , you can swim somewhere nearby . gracious and accomodating staff , perfect location--be forewarned ( and the woman checking us in did tell us ) that their mini-bar is on a sensor system and if you move anything--you will be charged . 
we stayed at the seneca easter weekend N . we had a great time and really enjoyed the hotel . the people who worked there were friendly and very helpful with restaurants and bus schedules . we would stay there again and not think twice about it . our room was nice and big and clean . the tv worked just fine . didn ' t use the kitchen but there seemed to be plenty of dishes , pans and silverware . maybe the people who had a problem with the staff had an attitude of there own . we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful . we ate in the restaurant upstairs and had a super meal . the hotel is right off of michigan ave , where you can walk everywhere you want to go . 
came from las vegas to chicago for a family wedding . the hotel was beautiful , staff was great very helpful . beds were the best i have ever had in a hotel room . hotel was in great location walking distance to everything . staff was top notch very helpful . 
great hotel - great room size . concierge was very helpful . overall wonderful experience ! 
if it weren ' t for the location there would be nothing about this hotel that was positive . the room was slightly larger than a walk in closet and stunk like a moldy basement . the bathroom door had a broken hinge and couldn ' t close . the toilet didn ' t want to flush . the tv reception was terrible . there were cigarette butts all over the window ledge in this non smoking room . the shower was a joke . . no pressure and tepid water temp . the shower curtain was too short so water got everywhere . the floors looked dirty and the paint on the woodwork was all chipped . the hallway smelled worse than the room and needed repairs to the walls and baseboards . there were picketers outside who kept blowing loud shrill whistles as they picketed . it took the valet over N N hour to get our car for us from the parking lot just around the corner . if we could have found another hotel we would have ran as fast as we could from this one . all in all , the worse hotel experience we ever had . and all this at a N-N star price , what a rip off . 
my business partner and i travel to chicago every year for a convention . last year we stayed at the ritz carlton and it was very nice , if not a bit stodgy . we had walked by the sofitel and i thought i ' d give it a try . the hotel is very modern and beautiful . even though i ' m N years old now , i can at least pretend that i am young and hip . we booked N junior suites for about the same as we would ' ve paid at the ritz . my partner got a awesome corner room . i ended up in a ' disabled ' junior suite . while i would ' ve preferred my partner ' s room , my room was still very nice . being that it was for disabled guests it had N seperate showers and a seperate tub in the bathroom . it also had these really cool automatic curtains that my partner ' s room didn ' t have . anyway , stil a really cool room . there are two bars downstairs both pouring great french champagne by the glass . we ordered room service a couple of times and it was excellent . i highly recommend this hotel and look forward to staying there again . 
i left the raffaello in late november after a very pleasant ( as always ) two-night stay . but i forgot my bag , including laptop etc . , in the garage across the street when i was packing the car to depart . didn ' t notice until i was back home . i called the hotel . staff were very helpful . a valet ran across the street and retrieved my bag . i talked to the sunday manager who arranged to have my bag shipped to me the next day . i ' ve always liked the raffaello . now i ' m a bigger fan than ever . 
the rooms in this hotel are very large and luxurious . the entryway allows one to enter without people in the hallway seeing much of the room , so there is more privacy than most hotel rooms . the closet opens from two sides - one from the bedroom and one from the bathroom . the shower and tub are located behind a glass door in the bathroom , there is a double vanity sink , and the toilet is in its own separate room . toothpaste and a toothbrush , as well as the typical amenities , are provided for free . my only negative comment about the room is that the two beds were small . there is a lap pool with several lanes and boards and fins . this is a great hotel for those looking for luxury and are willing to pay for it . 
we enjoyed our stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago . upon arrival we were treated with great hospitality . the desk staff was friendly and took the time to visit with us about our room and its pros and what she thought might be a con - the size . our room was small , but was beautiful and very comfortable . we had a great view of the lake . the furnishing seemed expensive and unique . they decor was fabulous and the bed was delightfully comfortable with great linens . the room was very clean upon arrival and was always cleaned with perfection each day we returned from our adventures throughout the city . the hotel as a whole seemed like we stepped back in time . i loved the boutique feel from the mirrored elevators , rotary style phone in the hallway to the old mail slots . we would definitely stay here again ! we loved chicago and this hotel . 
my husband and i stayed at the amalfi for N nights in july . front desk staff are amazing , very helpful . we loved the fact that breakfast is served on each floor very convenient . however , the " happy hour " or " manager ' s reception " each evening was the highlight of our stay at the amalfi . great drinks , tasty appetizers and a great way to mingle with other guests . i would stay here again and have recommended it to a number of our friends . 
our party of three stayed four nights at the comfort suites over a long weekend . the hotel couldn ' t be better located for a leisure trip to chicago just a short walk to the museums , the loop , and to shopping dining on the michigan avenue . the lobby is small if you ' re used to the fancier hotels downtown , but the rooms are larger in comparison to those we ' ve had in other downtown hotels on earlier chicago visits . we had booked a N queen suite , but were upgraded on arrival to a huge N bedroom , N bath suite ( if you ' re reading this comfort suites , thanks again ) . the room was clean but the furnishings were dated and due for upgrades and new carpet . we noted a leak at the toilet which was quickly repaired on the day we notified the front desk . the front desk was very attentive and responded quickly to any request we made . the room had a full kitchen , which we used for dinner comfortably one evening after a trip to trader joe ' s a few blocks away . our biggest pet peeves were noise and wifi access . you expect outside noise in a city like chicago , but most of the noise was internal from the a c system or from the appliances in the kitchen area . we did find that it became white noise quickly and it didn ' t keep me from comfortable sleep . however , if you ' re a light sleeper it could be an issue , especially in the front bedroom which is separated from the kitchen by an open doorway with no door . wifi is provided but for most of our stay the connection ranged from barely usable to not worth trying . breakfast was the average budget hotel quality and the hot options were lower quality than what we ' re used to . it ' s ok if you want cereal , but we found ourselves across michigan avenue at cafe decartes for excellent coffee and pastries . despite our peeves , i considered the comfort suites a great value considering that it was by far the lowest cost option for downtown chicago for a room that could house three adults comfortably . we weren ' t expecting the ritz , and the location was great and the staff as attentive and helpful as we ' ve had at much fancier hotels . 
we enjoyed this hotel this winter . the location is magnificent , N blocks from the michigan ave . , less than N meters to the red line mta train that takes you virtually everywhere . nice view ( floor N ) . the pool is very good and also the business center ( complimentary use of pc and printer ) . within the hotel there is free wifi . 
i have absolutely nothing negative to say about this hotel ! yes , the mini-bar and rendez-vous terrace drinks are way expensive , but given the high-end nature of this hotel , not overpriced . beautiful room , bathroom , tv , comfy bed , central location , etc . i could go on ! i would definately stay here again . staff were friendly and heplful as well . 
the location is very convenient . if you are coming from the airport the blue line stops right outside of the hotel . the rooms are very clean and are kept that way each day by the housekeeping staff . the hotel is close to all chicago ' s important sites and has some great restaurants in the area . the staff is friendly and helpful . my only complaint is that breakfast is served in the small lobby so if there are a lot of guests there at the same time it can get a bit hectic . there are N computers and a printer in the lobby which was very convenient . very reasonable prices for the location and rooms . i ' ll definitely be staying there on my next trip to chicago ! 
we stayed at the ohio house last weekend on a three day stay in chicago . being a fairly expensive city , budget accomodation was something we needed and the ohio house provided . the ohio house is located close to the heart of the city ( a few blocks back from michigan avenue ) . the rooms are small to average size bathrooms average hotel size , with very N ' s style appearence and decor . most people tend to assume that budget accomodation in an expensive city means hygiene problems , however the ohio house , we found to be , was extremely clean ( N stars in that department ) . the motel also has its own small coffee house where we had breakfast on one of our days there . its was nice , but again very N ' s style which was interesting . chicago is full of delicious resturants and cafes though - my personal recommendation is a little french style cafe ' cosi ' , a block or so back from michigan avenue ) . the ohio house is also directly across the road from a large mcdonald ' s ( not that you ' d go all the way to chicago just to eat mcdonald ' s ! ) there was only one issue we had with the ohio house and that was the noise from the streets at night . but the ohio house is a very clean , comfortable stay for anyone wishing to take a budget holiday in chicago - which was a beautiful city . personally , i would stay there again if i was looking for budget accomodation - but should there be available funds , i would probably choose to stay in one of the larger hotels in the city . 
what i loved stayed in the historic building ( the hotel is two buildings conjoined - one old , one new ) and our room was large and lovely . bathroom had both a tub and a shower . beds were lovely with that " sheet on the outside of the blanket and inside of the blanket " thing going on , which is so nice . pillows very comfortable . we loved loved loved the " eno " wine bar downstairs - they do cheese , chocolate and wine only - how neat is that ? we tasted a different flight each night we were there . hotel is close to almost everything - just a couple blocks away from the river to catch the architecture tour on the millenium mile for great shopping , easy walking distance from the red line , easy walking distance from fantastic restaurants ( we went to frontera grill and cafe grand lux ) . annoyances couldn ' t properly open the curtains to let light in the hotel room . gym and computer usage were extra and pricey ( altho i sprang for the gym and it was very well stocked with equipment ) . pool area was beautiful - tho not quite as lovely as swisshotel - where the pool has the best view in the city . overall , would give swisshotel the nod for their more beautiful view of the lake , but this hotel was still quite ideal . 
the hotel burnham is a great spot in chicago ' s theatre district and near many downtown tourist attractions ( e . g . sears tower , chicago theatre , etc . ) . some of the more unique features of the hotel include an old style elevator with gate and the use of keys to open your room . . . yes , real keys ( not cards ) ! the rooms are small , but very tastefully done , with a beautiful poster bed and canopy . the windows are decorated with velvet like curtains with musical scores by mozart in gold colored script , to emphasize the hotel ' s proximity to various performing arts venues . each evening , the hotel hosts a wine reception in the lobby , which is a nice respite after a long workday . the breakfast menu is also quite enjoyable , especially the delicious eggs benedict and fresh squeezed orange juice . i only spent two nights here , but would be happy to come back ! 
my family and i scored a great rate of N a night for the sheraton for a quick weekend trip to chicago . the hotel is in a good location and even though it was february , we were still able to walk to michigan ave . fairly easily from the hotel . check-in was quick and easy . the lobby is beautiful and definitely makes the hotel look like a N-star but that ' s about where the stars start to fade . the elevators are clean and quick . our rooms were on the Nth floor . there were newspapers and food trays strewn about the hallway as we arrived and they were not removed until the following day . the rooms were reasonably clean with the exception of a piece of candy on our floor , a large iron burn mark on the middle of the bedspread and some mold on the shower head . these are things that are easy to overlook in a N or N star hotel but i think it is unacceptable in a N-star hotel . the rooms are good size and the beds are comfortable with decent linens . the toiletries are higher end and made the shower more enjoyable . the mini-bar is an absolute joke as the prices are ridiculous . a bottle of water was N . N ! my parents ate in the breakfast restaurant and said the food was fresh and pretty good . we were only at the hotel for a few nights but it suited our needs . i don ' t think i would stay at this hotel if i had to pay full price for a room but i would definitely stay here again for N or less . 
we came from gatineau and stayed for N days at the indigo in beginning of october . it was very nice . thanks to tom and the lovely staff over there . we had a wonderful time ! 
i was surprised and very disappointed with the bad service here . westin hotels are usually pretty good but this was not the case here . i only stayed N night and had quite a few problems . some were small ( but irritating ) and good hotels always pay attention to the small details . that was not the case here . for example ( N ) room service lunch - they included bread rolls but not enough butter ( N ) room service dinner - it took N mins to arrive and they sent the wrong order . since it was after N . Npm the kitchen was then closed . i was put on hold for N minutes and then told i could order from a local italian take-out ( they would pay ) . an ok response i guess but by then it was near midnight and i would have to wait again for the food . ( N ) the room only had N dim lights and was very dark . i called " service express " to get an additional light sent to the room . i had to call them N times before anyone delivered a light ( despite being told during the first N calls that it was coming ) . this took at least N hours . i will not stay here again . i have stayed at the sofitel before and should have gone back there - it was awesome . 
a friend and i stayed here for N nights . as it was our first time in chicago , we wanted something with easy access to shopping , lots of things to do and places to eat . the allerton did not disappoint . we were able to walk to almost everything we wanted to do ( parks , navy pier , shopping , restaurants , etc ) . we did have to take a bus to bucktown , but the stop was right near the hotel . the staff were friendly , though we didn ' t interact with them too much . the room was in good condition and clean , but the layout was awkward , not allowing the person on the far side of the bed much room to walk to their side ( less than a foot ) . as two girls , we didn ' t mind sharing one bed , but it was hard to get around without disturbing one an other . we were very impressed with the fitness center . there are several cardio machines ( bikes , elliptical , N treadmills ) each with their own tv screen and weight machines free weights . it was clean and there were always plenty of towels . it is bright and airy and wasn ' t overly crowded when we were there . the restaurant in the hotel was ok . it had good food , but not really a good place to have a ' night out . ' overall , we would happily stay at the allerton again it was the best value for us . 
i am no great fan of big city hotels . i prefer a nice comfort inn with free parking and breakfast . but each year i go to chicago during midwest music clinic with my kids to baby sit and help out . this year we stayed at the sheraton and i really enjoyed it . the staff was friendly and the room was beautiful , with a nice view . i made friends with the housekeeper on our floor the first day and never lacked for plenty of whatever i needed . the pool is free , although i had been confused when i read that the fitness center charged . corporate messed up my sons reservations just about every way they could , including charging for days not reserved . it was a mess , but when we arrived everything was fine . i did not eat in the hotel or use room service . on the nights i stayed in to babysit , i grabbed food from dominicks and fox and obels . this hotel is close to lots of things . a great location . 
the downtown chicago fairfield inn is a hidden gem in chicago ' s downtown . located on a tree lined street one block from the magnificent mile and N minute walk to the lake , we felt we were in a quiet hidden neighborhood in the city . the hotel is very clean , nicely decorated with a modern decor and the staff is exceptionally helpful . the suite with the living room ( pullout sofa ) , minifridge and microwave make longer stays very comfortable and would work well for families with children . 
i stayed for just one nite at the sheraton hotel and towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other ta posters but i was not let down . i got the room via pl N and was first placed in a room on the Nth floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot . since i had nothing to lose , i asked to be moved to a " room with a view " . the front desk attendant ( rasheeda ) wanted to make sure that the room i had at first was clean and was in order and i assured her that it was . she then moved me up to the Nth floor with ease and it took about N minute . i was quite surprised as i have heard that they treat pl and hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers . the new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the navy pier , a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of lake michigan . all this for N ? yep ! i skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious ! the room was comfy , had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location . i didnt use it since i wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk . the bed and pillows were very comfy , but i awoke at about N in the morning sweating from the comfy but very warm and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed . this was a great deal for the price and i would absolutely stay here again . 
my stay at the hard rock hotel was a delight . i usually try to avoid business travel because i don t get a good night sleep . this experience with you was superb ! my good night sleep helped me to enjoy the whole experience of being in chicago and attending our conference . the hotel was very interesting , exciting and so pleasant . what wonderful workers you have there . there is a real comfortable ambience about the whole hotel . thank you , thank you for a memorable experience . i intend to return not just for business but also for pleasure ! sincerely , connie chestnut cmsw alzheimer s association of southeastern wisconsin
my husband and i stayed at the hyatt recently and had a great experience . staff was friendly and helpful , rooms were updated , roomy , and very clean . the location downtown to resturants , shopping and attractions was great . to address some of the cons listed by other reviews . . the hotel is large and , as would be expected , the lobby is full of activity , including the great lobby bar that looks out over the city . yes , there is a disco club atmosphere at night but if you looked at the hotel ' s website before you booked you know exactly what you are getting . the dance club didn ' t get started until later evening when kids shouldn ' t be out anyway . we were informed in advance that if you enter the minibar a sensor is set off so there would be a charge . the parking at N a day is very average as anyone who stays in a big city would know and it was quite easy for us to get our car when we needed it without any long waits . there were also complaints listed about the hot water and towels--the water was always hot even when showering during the busy morning hours and the towels were more than adequate . we have traveled all over the world and this hyatt is a great choice for fun weekend in chicago . 
the location is great if you plan on doing a lot of running around chicago . it ' s walking distance to both lake el stations which means you have every el line close by and a straight ride from o ' hare for N . N . the lobby is large and a nice place to meet and hang out . they have N pay computers to use . i have some status and got probably the best room location , a river view at the end of the hall . the room looked like housekeeping had cleaned it in a hurry , the drawers were all open and a couple of spots needed a sweeping though . the room was a bit larger than normal and the bathroom was large . between the wide bathtub and curved shower curtain rod i felt like i was showering in a wet room . sheets and towels were of good quality as was everything else . everything else was westin nominal . definately recommend ! 
stayed here for a few days for work . the location is great on ohio between michigan and st clair , right off mag mile . there is no room service , and the elevators are inconsistent as they lights and indicators don ' t always work . the bathrooms are a little older and the window ac units are a little loud . however the rooms are clean and the service was very nice and friendly . 
this hotel was recommended by friends and it was absolutely spot on the location is great , one block at away from the magnificent mile , just off the john hancock tower and within walking distance of all major shopping . the room was large and clean , with a small kitchenette and a very clean , but relatively small bathroom . just the thing you need for a ( long ) weekend in chicago ! 
i spent a week in the chicago area and had two separate stays at the palmer house . ( spent a night in oak park for a wedding ) the first stay was disappointing but the second made up for it . the first time my boyfriend and i arrived at the hotel we were not offered any help with our luggage . i had three heavy bags and was clearly struggling . the staff was standing around in front of the door but no one could actually open it . it was very windy and the doors were heavy and the effort to open the door made me drop my suitcases . for the age of the hotel the room size was generous . the only problem was that the room was dirty . the dresser was sticky and one of the decorative pillows had a stain on it . the concierge was rude but the dinner recommendation she gave was good . the second time i arrived at the hotel valet immediately greeted us , the bellmen helped with the baggage and there was someone to open the door . my party arrived at Nam , but were able to check in early . ( the rooms weren ' t on the same floor but we opted not to wait for closer rooms . ) my boyfriend and i received an e-standby upgrade so for an additional N a night we got a huge room . there was a dining room , wet bar , large living room , two flat screen tvs , and one and a half baths . we had dinner in lockwood one night and it was pretty good . they had run out of the sparkling wine i wanted but there were plenty of other options . overall my biggest disappointment was the gift shop ( which i think was operated by an independent group . . . ) the hotel has such a rich history and a beautiful logo but there weren ' t any souvenir options that reflected this . the only hotel specific items were one out dated postcard and a tee shirt . the picture on the post card did not show the current furnishings and decor of the lobby and the shirt was very plain and over priced . i would have liked a hotel magnet or something with the peacock logo . 
i stayed at the burnham for a recent business trip to chicago . from the time i checked in , till the time i checked out the staff could not have been more accomodating . the hotel is located right across the street from macy ' s on state street and N N N blks from the el . i took the train from midway and it was a short walk to the hotel . the room was small , but well appointed . appreciated the in-room controls for air and heat . room service was able to accomodate my request for something " not on the menu " . definitely made my trip very enjoyable . 
had to go to chicago and stayed at the drake . the hotel itself was really beautiful and what you would imagine a grand hotel would be like . our room faced the water which was very nice . good size and clean . obviously the location cannot be beat-you ' re close to everything ! concierge friendly and made us dinner reservations . it ' s not super deluxe but there is a distinct charm that cannot be replicated in some of the newer , more modern or fancier hotels in chicago . loved that chanel was located in the hotel ! 
we loved this hotel and would definitely come back . initially we weren ' t given a goldfish , which was disappointing , but then we left a tip for the housekeeper , and she rewarded us with one . we had fun sipping wine and playing wii in the lobby every afternoon . the staff were quite friendly and helpful , even printing our boarding passes for us . our room was very comfortable , with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper . at first we were worried about noise , since our room was next to the elevator , but we hardly heard it , and didn ' t notice any street noise either . the hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated , well-lit , and ideally located . 
i was able to stay at the w hotel lakeshore with a family member that had a comp stay for a business trip . the hotel is located in front of lake michigan off chicago ' s famous scenic lake shore drive . the hotel room was very modern and hip and beds were comfortable . . the bathroom looked really cool . . . but wasn ' t very practical . it was dark so it was tough to see clearly in the mirrors . there wasn ' t much sink space , the shower was a bit tricky and there were slotted doors and windows connecting the bathroom to the bed area so you could hear everything . the view on the other hand was spectacular . it looked right onto lake michigan and navy pier . the hallways leading to the rooms reminded us off decor taken from tlc ' s trading spaces with smooth pebble stones bordering the walls floor . we didn ' t take advantage of the fitness or pool area nor the restaurants , but there is a great ( but expensive bar ) on the roof ( whiskey room ) ) with one of the best views of chicago at night . and there is a trendy bar on the first floor off the lobby that caters to the hip after work crowd . the location is a bit out of the way but walking distance to michigan avenue shopping restaurants and the john hancock building . the doorman can easily get taxi ' s there as well . it is also pretty close cab ride to navy pier and to the amc river east N movie theater . so overall , if you are looking for a trend setting hip place thats a little pricey but has a great view this would be a place to go . 
i have stayed here N times in the past N days and i have been thoroughly impressed with the property and staff . everyone is friendly , professional , and helpful . yes , things can and do wrong from time to time - it would be foolish to think otherwise . however , it is how the staff handle the situation or problem is what counts , and this staff always step up to the plate , apologize ( even if it is not their fault ) and immediately begin to resolve it . the hotel is in a great location , about a block from michigan ave ( major shopping ) and very easy walks to subway metro , as well as state street , rush st , and other sights . the rooms are immaculate , clean , and well maintained . i never had a problem at all in their area and have always been happy sleeping on these amazing beds ! the wifi is reasonably priced , but there are plenty of free hot spots within walking distance . i am a little sad that they do not have a pool - probably , my single downside with this hyatt . prices fluctuate a lot so check often . i have scored rooms between N- N . the area is safe , walkable , and family friendly ! 
the fairmont hotel in chicago has the best value for a weekend in chicago . it is a great location . just south of the mag mile , and just north of millenium park . i took my wife for her birthday and we arrive mid-friday afternoon . we were very courteously greeted by the doorman , escorted by the bell hop to the front desk . he waited while we checked in and then delivered our bags to our room while we retreated directly to the bar for a relaxing " happy hour " . they had some very nice light snacks on the menu there . the hotel is not the most up to date , but the room was very nice and clean , with a very comfortable bed . we walked north for dinner in the evening . in the morning they had an excellent selection of pastries and fruit in the atrium for reasonable prices , plus fresh oj and coffee . i liked that much better than the room service option because you could pick out exactly what you wanted . after a late checkout we took a nice walk through millenium park and the art intitute before heading home . this was our Nnd stay the the chicago fairmont and we it will continue to be our choice for downtown chicago . we have also stayed at other fairmonts and found them to be excellent as well . 
the w hotel greets you with glitter , glamour , and warmth . there is plentiful help right at the door . inside , the lobby is a work of art married with hospitality . concierge service always available right there . the room we stayed in had a wonderful view , great decore , and was very comfortable . the bathroom was something i had never seen before . the fixtures were the latest design , and there was plenty of mirror and counter space . the walls of the bathroom were woven wood , and there was an opening with shutters so you could see out and watch tv while shaving , perhaps . soundproof it was not , making it easy to carry on a conversation with the door slid shut , but not so easy to cover noises you might not want to carry out into the room . there is a super gift boutique just off the lobby with elegant cosmetics and fashions . staying at the w was a memorable experience . the memory still makes me smile . 
what a great find ! inexpensive ( compared to most downtown chicago hotels ) , convenient location , and a great room . i have read other reviews that complained about the size of the rooms my room was perfectly big enough for me and would have been fine for two . the bed was great , comfortable , the room very elegant and servicable . small but very well-appointed bathroom with a huge shower . plenty of storage throughout room . room and entire hotel was clean , clean , clean . great eatery attached ( english pub ) with great wait-staff , or you can order in and have food delivered . valet parking reasonable and convenient ( and pleasant attendants ) . the hotel was full of students that night , but my room was N quiet . as a very frequent traveler i highly recommend this hotel . happy travels ! 
i stayed here while attending a conference at the marriott across the street . this was cheaper and more comfortable . as other reviewers have noted , this is a gem of a hotel . it ' s a true suite , with living room , full kitchen , and bedroom . the living room has a sofabed , sitting chair , coffee table and N " lcd tv . there is a small dining table desk next to the kitchen . the kitchen has microwave , two burner oven , dishwasher , coffee maker , fridge . also plates , pots pans and silverware . the room was clean and comfortable with no obvious signs of wear . the king size bed was also comfy , though not as high end as you would find in a nicer hotel . there is a regular tube tv in the bedroom . the free buffet breakfast had scrambled eggs , meats , cereal , make your own waffles , etc . there is also a dinner with a different menu mon-thurs but i did not have that . there is a gym inhouse , but you can use the crunch gym next door ( same building ) that is much bigger and has everything . the entrance is not much to look at just an elevator to the sixth floor where reception is . but the bellman was friendly and the reception desk was efficient and very friendly . it does cost a lot to park here ( i think N night so don ' t bring a car ) . there is a small store next to reception , open N N . free wired and wireless internet in the room . only minor complaint is that the walls are somewhat thin so if the neighbor raises his voice i can hear it . also , i can hear water running next door . but all in all i would definitely stay here again . it ' s much more comfortable and better value than the big hotels nearby . 
my college best friend and i choose to visit chicago for a weekend and wanted to find a hotel with a good price and a decent location . the hilton chicago fit the bill and had a hilton double points offer , which was very appealing . it was also just a short cab ride from the train station . the check-in process took quite awhile as we had to wait in a rather long line . however , we were given a complimentary upgrade to one of their double-beded two bathroom rooms with a lakeview ( we had only booked a double-bedded room so i believe we got a bit of a deal ) . we were happy to have a lake view and it was immensely helpful to have two bathrooms ! however , there was only one hairdryer but we deduced that was so we don ' t blow a fuse , and we took turns . though it is not on the busy magnificant mile area ( it ' s a little farther south ) , it is still in a good location and a short walk to the field museum . the lobby and common areas are really impressive , with historic decor . 
i travel at least N times a yr for work and twice a year with family , so i put in a lot of time at hotels . my room was freezing cold and the thermometer in the room didn ' t make a difference . i was told by engineering that the hotel had turned on ac and it would take a couple of hours for the heat to come back on . i ended up taking a long hot shower and getting in bed and using the blow dryer to warm me up . they promised to send up hot tea , but after N minutes and no delivery i had to call to ask . about N minutes later a pot of tea showed up , but it was highly caffeinated breakfast tea at N N at night ! ! ! the same night , someone attempted to enter my room . luckily i had both locks on . i think it was housekeeping . i don ' t know how they couldn ' t hear the tv which was turned up loud so that i could hear it over the blowdryer ! ! ! the second day , i called guest services to tell them that my tv wasn ' t working . after hitting N and waiting about N rings , i hung up . i tried again and had the same experience . i thought , what if it was a medical emergency and no one answered ! ! ! ! the handle on my toilet had to be held in order for it to be flushed . it reminded me of my old house ! i called down for toothpaste N minutes ago . i ' m still waiting . given all of the choices in a downtown area like this and with the tough economy , there have to be other hotels that provide better service . 
the keys to my cadillac cts was given to someone off the street by the valet company . valet authority inc . which the hotel requires you to use . i am out of pocket for the insurance deductible and the rekeying of my home . this happened on my wedding night no less . they have been no help and evidently don ' t care to help resolve my remaining issues . the general manager called me once and left a message never bothering to return my calls and talk to me personally . 
my review of the hampton inn will be a little dated , but it definitely deserves high praise . my girlfried and i stayed here in august N for N nights . this was both our first time visiting chicago . we couldn ' t have been happier with our selection . we picked this place based on the reviews on tripadvisor . com . thanks to all for their honest reviews ! if you ' re looking for a place with a great location , this is it ! it was very easy to navigate throughout the city from this loaction . getting to the hotel from the airport was easy as well . one train stop will get you block or two away from the front door ! don ' t expect a grand entrance , because there is none . what you get in terms of value is the location , service , and room quality . we also enjoyed the continental breakfast every morning and the free wireless internet inside our room . if you don ' t have time to sit for breakfast , they offer free travel snack bags . chicago in the middle of summer was quite hot , but our air conditioner was excellent . the bed was amazingly comfortable . we were well rested day in and day out . as for location , you can ' t beat it . it is so close to public transportation and is walkable to many major tourists sites . it is also very close to many great restaurants and shopping . next time we go to chicago , we will be staying here ! great job majestic inn ! 
for a large chain hotel with a lot of conferences going on while we were there my sister and i felt the staff was extremely friendly and helpful . when i arrived at my room i requested an extra luggage stand , it arrived within minutes plus extra pillows . the door man was very helpful and explained the workings of the hotel . the outrageous charge for wifi is so over the top , it is free at small chain hotels ! it is free in the starbucks down in the lobby . the room was large , the beds very comfortable , the bath was well supplied , and the linens comfortable . the location is great , close to shopping and good restaurants . 
the hotel is getting a little dated . the stetson restaurants still has great steaks and impressive service . my husband was on business and i tagged along . he left for a business trip early in the morning with all bags so i could go home on the train without luggage . unfortunately he took all my clothes . he left early morning and i slept in and found out i only had a silk shell for clothing . called the hotel shop and they only carry t shirts so i called the front desk . vickie came to my rescue with an employee uniform so i could get to a store and purchase clothes . even though i usually don ' t stay here i will definetly be staying here every time i am in chicago . vickie thank you again . 
do not book this hotel using an online site like hotels . com ! ! we booked a king bed non smoking for a one night stay to celebrate our anniversary . upon arriving a very rude front deck clerk informed us that they " crowne plaza metro " did not have to honor our king bed booking because it was made with an online service and instead we were going to get a double room . if we didnt take it we would lose all the money . final in the room we find two small beds . im a big guy . so , to make a long story short . i spent my anniversary sleeping alone . my wife woke the next day with a rash from the detergent they use . ( we hope thats what it was ) so thank you crowne plaza metro for an anniversary that nether my wife or i will ever forget ! 
i travel often for business and stay at N-N star hotels as well as the usual marriott courtyard or hilton hotels . this hotel was great . i reserved the king executive which had windows facing michigan avenue as well as on the adjacent wall . we could not believe how quiet the room was-- no noise from michigan avenue or other guests , etc . amazingly and wonderfully quiet hotel room . the room was well appointed , huge , and immaculate . ( any hotel that puts stark white comforters on the beds has confidence in its cleanliness and i always take that as a good sign . ) the big surprise at this hotel was the dining . i almost never dine at the restaurants in a hotel at which i am staying . ( usually too many great other options in a city ) we had a case of the munchies upon checking in so we ordered appetizers via room service . service was quick , sharp , and the food was very good . the next day , we had lunch at the Nth floor rooftop garden restaurant ( outdoors ) which has a fabulous view and again , was amazingly quiet given the location of this hotel . the food was fantastic . we only ordered maine lobster roll sandwiches so we were ' t expecting an amazing culinary experience . . . . surprise ! the presentation was lovely and the lobster roll came on a platter with several " samplers " --- soup , cabbage slaw , homemade chips , and a sinful chocolate mouse cake . i ' ve had lobster rolls in dozens of places up and down the eastern seaboard and i ' ll tell you that this was the best , most flavorful , and freshest i ' ve had . the whole dining experience greatly exceeded my expectations . i would say that this hotel is a gem in the city and recommend it without reservation of any kind . enjoy ! 
N adults and N elementary-aged kids stayed for a N day , N night spring break . we loved the fact that our two rooms faced each other across a private alcove off the main hall . the rooms were very clean , beds comfortable and pillows large and fluffy . the tv was a new flat screen and there was an in-room safe . would have been nice to have a small fridge but we did okay without . the front desk staff was exceptionally friendly each day especially wallace , the concierge . the pool is rather hard to get too from the east end of the hotel and was chilly . no hottub . all in all , i would give this hotel N stars out of N . 
my husband and i just returned from the omni . we were there for just a N night stay . . . december N-N . since it was a holiday weekend , the hotel , and the rest of the city was jammed . our experience there was wonderful . we had a prompt and friendly check in . our room was very comfortable and clean . beautiful granite counters in the bathroom , pillow-top beds , and the living area were especially nice to relax in . i would encourage anyone who is considering a stay at the omni to join the select guest program they offer . it ' s free , and little amenities like juice and coffee delivered to your room free in the morning are really nice . we called on the concierge , both amiri and kevin , several times and each time they were able to help us and direct us to great restuarants , activities , etc . both were very helpful and amiri was kind enough to see that we got a wonderful bottle of wine or champagne on our anniversary . if when we return to chicago , i would most likely stay at the omni again , especially if we could get the same great rate . 
i went to chicago for a wedding and the wedding guests stayed at elysian . seriously this is the most amazing , outstanding hotel . my room was so luxurious i actually wished i had more time to spend in it ! i had a great living room area . the bathroom was gorgeous too with a great tub shower the tv in the mirror . 
my husband and i had stayed at the swissotel several years ago and thoroughly enjoyed our visit . we flew into chicago and rented a car to tour wisconsin before attending a board meeting there . we decided to spend the last night of our trip , on our return to chicago , at the swissotel for memories sake . we were able to get an outstanding lake view room for sunday night . though the hotel was completely booked , due to two conventions on friday and saturday nights , when we decided to stay an extra night on saturday , we were wait listed for that night . even though there was a mix-up with our original sunday night booking and it and our wait-list had been lost , upon calling back , the person i spoke with was able to confirm a wonderful lake view room on the Nst floor for both nights . once again we had a most delightful stay and thoroughly enjoyed the terrific view of lake michigan . our room was beautiful , extremely comfortable , and incredibly clean . perhaps my only complaint is the N per day parking fee , but that seems to be the norm for large cities . our two meals in their palm restaurant was another story . see separate review . 
went for a long weekend , a " last hurrah " trip before son N leaves for college . we are getting very spoiled and are leaning towards four seasons whenever it is a choice ( and when we can get a deal that is only outrageous , not astronomical ! ) although the hotel seemed almost N N empty . . . there were really no deals to be had other than the buy two nights , one night free . this would have been too expensive for us with two rooms , ( which is what we really wanted ) so we crammed into a deluxe executive suite , approx N night with taxes . . . ( and don ' t forget the N plus per night parking ! ) whew ! lucky that third night was " free " . but we knew all this going in so it is not a strike against the hotel . but what is does is set expectations extremely high . . . the lobby is beautiful , large , sunny , nice fountain in the middle . our room , on the Nth floor . . . . eh . . . . it had a main sitting room with a pull out couch , then the master bedroom separated by frosted french doors . it did have two bathrooms , but they were small and not " luxurious " at all , with combined bath shower . also , we joked about the " ergodynamic " toilets . . . they are kind of low , and rather tilt you backwards . there was enough room for the four of us , but tight when the rollaway was out . the main king size bed was extremely comfortable , nice fluffy bath towels and i love those four seasons robes . it was clean . oddly there was no tv channel information , that would have been appreciated . of course teen sons quickly figured out the remote to get channel listings , but my old eyes couldn ' t see it very well on the t . v . when laying on the bed . you can request newspapers to be delivered to your door every morning , which we did . we went down to look at the spa pool area first thing . it was unimpressive , to say the least . the pool is a small , very small lap pool . the whirlpool was small and didn ' t look very appealing at all , like not so clean , and not filled all the way ? as far as i could tell , it was not being cleaned at the time as there was no sign and a family was in it ! i did work out in their gym , and the equipment , for a hotel gym , was very good . nice touch to have cooled towels available and someone going around bringing everyone water . we did not eat at the hotel , nor did very many others by the look of the lobby restaurant every time we passed by . we did have coffee and drinks at the lobby bar , that was nice ( and , yes , expensive ! ) so yes , i liked this hotel , didn ' t love it , probably will try somewhere else in the future as for me , it did not justify the cost and have that " four seasons " feeling . it ' s not fair to compare a city four seasons to a resort four seasons ( like nevis , one of the most magical stays in the world ) but i have stayed at the st . louis four seasons , which was , to me , way more impressive than this one , and will be staying at the four seasons philadelphia in a few weeks , which my husband has already stayed in , and loves . i will then have a direct , big city four seasons comparison . 
got an excellent deal on hotels . com a few months back . rooms were stately and huge ( living room area with chairs and couch and separate dining room table ) . kitchenette with amenities . big bedroom with full bath and a half-bath between living room and bedroom . complimentary breakfast was tasty and filling . only N per night for a roll-away . elevators are quite slow , the only drawback . located near the lake and close to the magnificent mile . 
although i have lived in chicago for years and occasionally spend a weekend downtown , i was unaware of this little gem . the hotel is well-located to attractions , shopping , and restaurants . the decor is elegant and modern . the lounge area with the compimentary wine hour in the evenings and the coffe tea service in the mornings is a nice touch . we had booked a one-bedroom luxury suite and a double queen room for six women celebration a special birthday . one woman in our group is a frequent guest at this hotel so she was able to procure a very good rate . she also asked that special note be made of the birthday celebration and asked for wine and a small cake to be delivered to the room - not necessarily complimentary but to have these items available . by the day of check-in she had not heard back from the concierge and expressed her disappointment at the front desk . they quickly made amends by first , delivering wine , nuts , fruit , and chocolate-covered espresso beans . then at N , two excellent cheese plates were delivered . when we returned to the room after dinner , a small strawberry shortcake cake was waiting for us . we we also given an extra cot at no extra charge for the suite . the service , decor , and charm of this hotel will have me back for a repeat visit . 
i had my doubts about this hotel when i first blind booked through a third party site . the price was just a little too good and the location too perfect for it to be real . we breathed a sigh of relief when we walked into our room . upon arrival they " upgraded " us to a top floor , corner room and what an awesome room it was . we were staring right at the hancock building and lake michigan . for those of you planning a visit to the american girl store , you will be happy to know , it is half a block away and within view of the hotel . the beds were comfortable and not too small . the bathroom was very nice , updated and clean . the shower was a bit finicky but that is to be expected in an older building . and the room did have a slight musty odor upon arrival but that went away after a few hours - again , older building . the hotel staff was courteous and attentive . they were more than happy to point us in the direction of cheaper parking rather than pay for valet - they do not have a parking lot on site . there are plenty of shops and restaurants in the area as it is just off of michigan avenue . i would definitely stay there again . 
overall this hotel is nice . i agree with the previous reviewer who said the rooms are too dark to work . the rooms have no overhead lighting outside the bathroom and have just one lamp that is supposed to light the whole room , but does a poor job . there are three other lamps- one on the desk and two by the bed , but they are primarily made for reading , not illuminating the room . the exercise room was good , the staff was friendly . overall it was a fine hotel . my one gripe is with the room i was first given . it was room N . i ' m giving this just to warn others in case you get this room . there are very few rooms on the Nth floor , so i ' m betting the problem is with all of them . initially , i noticed that the room had two big spotlights outside the window that are used to illuminate the top of the building . i ' m sure it looks cool from outside , but it will force you to close those blinds ( therefore robbing you of your view ) because they are quite bright . not a huge deal- i just closed the blinds . the second problem i noticed was a banging noise that happened every minute or so . i ' m a sound sleeper , so didn ' t think it would bother me . but every N minutes or so there was a much louder bang rattling noise . it was loud enough to make me jump each time it happened . the first time i thought someone was breaking down the door to my room . i think it must have been noise from the mechanical room , which i noticed was also on the Nth floor . not being one to cause a fuss , i decided to try and deal with it . well , by Nam i was wide awake in my bed awaiting the next jarring bang ! i finally gave up and called the front desk around Nam and they were nice enough to give me another room . not sure what i would have done had the hotel been sold out because i could not have gotten a good night sleep with that noise . i can ' t imagine i ' m the only person who has had this experience with this room unless this was a temporary problem within their hotel . so my gripe here is that they put anyone in that room at all considering N of the population would have a very difficult time sleeping through the noise . so overall i ' d say it ' s a fine hotel as long as you don ' t stay on the Nth floor . or if you happen to notice a loud noise in your room , change rooms immediately . don ' t wait around hoping the noise will stop like i did . 
we stayed at the knickerbocker hotel from jun N-july N N . my first mistake was purchasing this hotel stay through hotwire , which i will never use their service again . don ' t get stuck at a place you can ' t get your money back . my second mistake was actually staying there . i can ' t believe they consider this hotel a N star hotel . whoever rated this hotel as such must have been drinking and smoking something . this is a solid N-star hotel . the rooms are extremely small and not well maintained . it ' s an old hotel so there is layer upon layer of paint on the walls and molding . at first we had a room with a queen bed , which gave us about N feet on each side . the bathroom door could touch the bed . only one person can fit in the bathroom . there is no place to put your toiletries because it ' s a single sink . the wallpaper was peeling in various places . then we moved to a room with a king bed . that was a little better a little more room . the decor was horrible . it looked as if they picked up the items from a flea market . now , the location is great . it ' s a N N block from michigan ave . , which was a plus . but , i do not recommend this hotel or hotwire . 
location was great for me , as my son lives around the corner ! nice little neighborhood area , lots of pubs , restaurants , theatre district nearby . i was a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews , and our initial reception wasn ' t very friendly , as we waited for over N minutes for valet parking . couldn ' t seem to get anyone ' s attention to leave the car . but adter that , it was a very nice experience and i will stay there again . concierges were super , room was lovely and well-appointed . only complaint about room was the feather pillows- i don ' t like them , asked for firmer pillow , but the maid brought more puffly pillows . bring your own if you like a firmer one ! but the bed was very firm , super comfortable . cool-lloking lobby , friendly staff , good value for the price . i ' ll stay again for sure . 
september N , N this was the first time i was in chicago . this was a very good experience . we got there before check in and they let us get into the room early . if we weren ' t able to they would allow you to store your luggage in a locked room before and after check out . the room was clean . the beds were comfortable . it has a large screen tv with hbo . the bathroom had a coffee pot , coffee , cream , sugar and cups . the ice machine was close by with reasonable priced pop . the closet had a iron and ironing board . it also stated that if you didn ' t remember to bring you razor , toothbrush , toothpaste etc . . they could provide it for you . the pool and whirlpool was inside and clean and with towels . the free breakfast was outstanding . it had homemade waffles , scrambled eggs , bacon , sausage , muffins , bagels , yogurt , fruit , coffee , cereal , tea and juices . the shower head had many settings and they provided shampoo and soap . it had a desk and chair in the room with free internet hookup . i was also very impressed on how nice the workers treated you . i felt it was necessary to let someone know . pros swimming pool , whirl pool , free awesome breakfast cons couldn ' t stay longer ! 
first , we chose the doubletree for and extended chicago weekend because we wanted to be close to public transportation , and to the downtown area . in addition we were confident that the doubletree brand would not have any unwanted surprises . we were not surprised ! the hotel is located a few blocks from the chicago river and the boat rides and a few blocks from navy pier . the concierge was extremely helpful when we needed information on using public transport to oak park ( home of the flwright museum ) and the university of chicago ( home of the robie house ) . he pointed us to the grocery store two blocks away where we bought all day subway bus passes which proved invaluable . the room itself was comfortable and fairly spacious . no complaints here . the only downside , as is often the case with higher-priced hotels , is that in-room wifi is N a day although its free in the hotel lobby . on the first day , the service kept cutting out , and , on check out , i mentioned this to the front desk and was immediately credited ! the view from our room was great and the lake is visible from most floors . there is an einstein bagel store in the lobby which proved immensely popular in the morning . be prepared for a bit of wait . one morning we ventured in the hotel restaurant for a typical , over-priced , breakfast . while seated , we could not help but notice the frequent arrival of natives chicagoans , across the street in a place called the west egg cafe . the line soon went out the door . we tried it the next day , and are delighted to report it was twice as good and half as expensive as the hotel ! don ' t miss this place for breakfast . all in all , a good choice . 
i stayed here for a conference in late april N . i liked the view from the hotel ( river view from the room , but a fabulous lake view from the elevator area ) . the hotel is shaped like a triangle from the sky , and this strange shape combined with the location of the elevator shafts made many rooms quite noisy . one of my colleagues had to ask to get his room moved at N am due to the noise of moving elevators . the beds were comfortable , and i liked having ihome to plug my ipod . while the lcd tv was nice , free channels did not contain any hd broadcast , and we all know how painful it is to watch sd broadcaston a hdtv . they also charge to use the fitness center , which seems quite outrageous . i also paid for the wifi access . 
i have previously stayed at this hotel and enjoyed it . i stayed about four or five years ago for my birthday and was really impressed . i felt then that it was well managed and well maintained , which is difficult for a hotel of this size and capacity . this time around , i was also impressed overall ( although not very impressed by the rooms , somewhat dated , although nothing major , and they are fine given that you dont spend the bulk of your time in chicago in the room ) . the hotel itself seems very well maintained and has a lot of amenities ( business center , a few restaurants , bars , great location on the river , pool , parking ( although a rip off at N when you can go next door , literally , for N ) and nice views . overall , for the price in chicago i would rate this hotel pretty well , and it should be noted that i am pretty picky when it comes to hotels ! this hotel has a great fitness center overlooking the river ! the pool is okay , i never understand why hotels have pools and not hot tubs . . . this hotel does not have a hot tub , that would be a nice addition if they did . overall the hotel is nice , well kept and staff seemed friendly . the one complaint i have is that on a sunday morning starting pretty early around N or N am , the cleaning staff were being particularly loud in our hallway . i thought it was a group of hotel guests and was getting seriously annoyed , but was extremely surprised to find out that it was the cleaning crew that worked for the hotel . that was pretty irritating . the cleaning staff we did encounter were really nice , but might want to be a little more cognizant of the fact that guests want to relax and sleep in on vacation sometimes ! also , the tub in our bathroom did not work , it was stuck on the shower setting , and when i tried to run a bath , the tub spout almost came out of the wall ( i meant to tell front desk but did not get a chance ) might be time for an upgrade to the rooms sheraton , otherwise , well done hotel , especially such a large property ! lastly , i must mention , we ate sunday brunch in the hotel and it was seriously awesome , the chefs who made our omelets and crepes at the create your own bars were so enthusiastic and fun , and the food was great , a ton to offer . almost as good as the breakfast buffets on our honeymoon in bora bora , which is a major accolade for those of you who have never been to bora bora . nice work on the buffet . again have to say the staff were very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful here ! 
we held our annual user conference at the allerton hotel . the staff is attentive and the hotel seems to have low turnover as we see the same faces year-to-year . the food is excellent and the rooms are small but well appointed . 
the people were very friendly , rooms were comfortable , clean and of modern european style . the location is very good . i would have given it a N rating but for the following N . close to a busy hospital ( ambulance sirens at odd hours of the night ) . N . one of the elevators was not working when i checked in on a sat until i left on a tues . had to use the freight elevator both times . N . had a smoke alarm battery beep at N a . m . ( just as i was falling back to sleep after an ambulance siren woke me up ) . the front desk did not have replacement batteries but she did come up to remove the unit so i could get some sleep . i would recommend this place if you are not a light sleeper . 
this is our second stay at this hotel . the location is perfect for anything you want to do in downtown chicago . the staff are all very friendly , the rooms clean and very secure . the complimentary breakfast is far more than just a danish and coffee . . . there was a nice selection of fresh fruit , yogurt , cereal , fresh waffles and beverages . the dining area was very clean . the complimentary high-speed wireless internet was a nice bonus . we will certainly be back ! 
we stayed at the hyatt for six days . their service was efficient and courteous . the room was new and clean . it was spacious and had two double beds . the room looked just like the picture of a double bed room on the hotel ' s website . we enjoyed a comfortable stay . no complaints ! the fan in the bathroom was running all night long and was noisy . i did not bring the problem to the attention of the hotel . the following nights , i simply closed the bathroom door so i won ' t hear the on going noise from the bathroom fan . the fan kept the bathroom dry . no moisture or fogged up mirror . the sleep quality rating i gave had to do with the fan noise . 
have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted . great bar ( draught stella and guinness ) which was being upgraded at the end of march when i was last there , good food , lovely staff , large clean rooms , comfortable beds , spot on location for the golden mile , joey ' s pizzas next door are fantastic . ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please . highly recommended
i was a little hesitant to book a room here after reading the reviews , but decided that the location would make up for any problems . a year ago i stayed downtown and was very unimpressed with one of the five stars . the reception i received was very nice . the staff at the desk were very helpful and answered all of my many questions pleasantly . they even did some investigation for me when i asked about a specific church ( where my parents were married N years ago ) . my blind father and i were given a rather nice room , and the bathroom was huge ! we had a small coffee maker and a refrigerator . the room was clean . the decor is definitely old , but charming . the beds were comfortable and clean . i was very pleased not to have feathers in the room ( allergy which i made note of on my reservation ) . we had many channels on the tv to choose from . we did not need to use the window air conditioner . breakfast was free . . . and , considering , not bad . it is a self-serve style buffet . if you want eggs , bacon , waffles , etc . , they were available , but you had to microwave them yourself . bagels , muffins , donuts , cereal , coffee , tea , juices , etc . were all there for you . the breakfast room was very pleasant and clean . the attending staff were pleasant . i accidentally dropped a whole cup of juice . . . they rushed over to clean up my spill and just would not hear of it when i tried to clean it up myself . fresh fruit was available in the lobby N hours day , along with coffee and tea . cookies were available in the afternoon . internet access was available . . . free connection in the lobby , a free computer also available . i don ' t understand why internet access in the rooms incurred a charge . all staff were aware that my dad was blind , and they were very kind and helpful when he was navigating the hotel alone . parking was right outside the lobby door , and a back-up garage was available if the parking lot was full . i did not need to use the garage . sadly , this hotel is scheduled for demolition in three or four years and will probably be replaced with something outrageously expensive . overall , this hotel was just what we needed . not fancy , but nice people , clean surroundings , safe , and in an excellent location . 
we come to chicago once a year for a romantic get away . the talbott is our favorite hotel so far . you get the same amenities as " bigger names " , but with a price that is very reasonable and a cozier atmosphere . location is great , staff helpful and friendly . i personally love a smaller hotel that is quaint and high quality . highly recommend for those looking for the same . 
room very comfortable ( esp . after long flight ) . reception staff most helpful to N strangers to chicago , and breakfast bar excellent . easy walking distance or public transport to everywhere we wanted to go . 
stayed here on a travelzoo deal and during the taste of chicago . we came from mi city on the south shore train as to save on parking fees , which the station is about N blocks away . the el train system is also very close N-N blocks to several stations . very good location for our use . N block from the river , our room had river views out N sets of windows . also a good view of the new trump tower and the intesection of michigan ave and wacker . the room was about as big as you get in chicago , with new stuff in all the right places , N tvs and a washer and dryer . . no frills but very nice and not up tight . only complants was the tv in the bedroom only got N channels , but whos watching tv in the bedroom in downtown chicago anyways , and also N of the N elevators didnt work for the first N hrs we were there , causing a wait sometimes . would stay and recommend for the average person not looking for N star service but wanting a N star room . 
great location , very clean , and helpful staff . what more can i say ? 
stayed there for a tradeshow . hotel lobby looks more like an airport or factory . i don ' t know if all the rooms were as terrible as in the east tower , but i asked N times for another room and N times i got the same poor quality the rooms are very old ( old carpet , yellow curtains , dirty windows ) and the bathroom hasn ' t been upgraded since a long time . although the view ( on the lake ) was great , the rest was just horrible the doors have an opening of around N cm ' s between door and carpet ( no need to say you have the impression to sleep in the corridor ) and the old airco systems had to be turned down because of the noice . the breakfast room ( hall ) is not cozy , the bar is nice but expensive . i ' ll never go back ! ! ! ! ! 
others have made most of the points , so i won ' t belabor it . . . but when i walked in ( wearing dress shirt , sweater , and khakis ) at Npm on a weeknight there was some sniffing that i wasn ' t dressed properly . nothing wrong with this hotel , but nothing to blow me away . and the snobbishness is unnecessary . my room had a lovely view of another indistinguished building N feet away , which isn ' t the worst i ' ve had , but was hoping for a better view given the building height . 
great hotel in heart of chicago for business or pleasure . rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large . flat screen tvs , marble baths , all rooms are suites , great desk , kitchenette , comfortable bed , free wireless internet . . . everything you could ask for . location is easy walk to magnificient mile and lots of great restaurants . staff is friendly and helpful . short cab ride to loop . 
arrived at the westin and was treated to a beautiful room with a view of michigan avenue . service was great and the location could not have been better - it is steps away from world class shopping , dining and many architectural gems . while all staff members were gracious and helpful , ashley stood out . she was so focused on helping making the most of my visit she referred my companions and me to a an absolutely wonderful restaurant . she also arranged for a slightly later check out which really helped me out and saved me time . the room and bed were very comfortable . thanks to everyone at the westin for making this trip so delightful . 
i can ' t say enough good things about this hotel ! we were lost in the parking lot and a very kind man pointed us the way out . he was the manager off duty ! a very sweet maid greeted us on the way to our room . the room was very nicely decorated and very quiet . at breakfast the next morning the room was packed but the staff was so quick and friendly the tables were ready right away . i would stay here again ! 
the hotel staff at front desk was super , the only reason why i did not lower the score more . xavier , was pleasant cordial both days . the lobby with the big pumpkins . . . lovely . they offer free breakfast , but i didn ' t try it . it is a close enough walk to magnificent mile , close enough walk to the gold coast , and wacker drive . down side , the little guy with the glasses the worked in the bar , i observed him being rude snotty to everyone . poor customer relations . my room , it was big , roomy , the living room area was nice , however the bathroom . . . uuhh the tub needed to be recoated , the toilet paper holder was stuck in a hole in a wall , with a piece of soap wrapper to keep it place , the view . . . a parking garage and i guess dumpsters . oh and if you need to go to the airport in the morning . . . . contact a sedan car service ! ! ! ! the under N miles to chicago o ' hare took N hour N minutes . . . and that is after the actual N minutes it took to get a cab to agree to take us , they would stop and ask , " airport ? " we say yes and they just drive off , really ? i was afraid i was going to miss my flight . we had to hide our luggage behind the planters for the cabs to even pull over . the nice door guy tried so hard too ! so what happened ? i arrived at the airport ( i was checked in online ) slightly under the N minutes to drop off my one checked bag , so i had to reschedule my flight to N Npm or beg to see if my bag would make it then hustle to my gate . i have been to chi N times . it is a lot of work and nothing to do but eat , shop , and go to museums . just be prepared . . . it is not as simple as nyc or la . imo
i arrived by taxi from the airport very late at night . the reservation was ok , check in without problems . the suite was perfect place to stay and work , good light , very comfortable bed and enough space for me . the small kitchenette worked well , restaurant offerred all i needed and the location is great for all downtown access . highly recommend to use this hotel . 
this was the Nnd best hotel i ' ve stayed in in chicago ( only Nnd to the hilton towers south michigan ave ) . prior to arrival i emailed the room coordinator and requested a two bed two bath non somking room and was granted my request within an hour ! no problems even thought we got the room for only N through priceline . this is a huge bargain rooms usually begin at just under N and can go up to N . all of the hotel staff was extremely pleasant and helpful . they never passed us by without saying hello . the lobby is magnificent and the hotel is located in an ideal location in the loop . just a N . N cab ride from union station . the room was exceptionally clean . the hilton beds are extremely comfortable . the wall paper in the bathroom was quite outdated but goes with the theme of the older hotel . the only other draw back was the bathroom mirror is small but we had two bathrooms so we had no problem getting ready in the morning , we were sad to have to leave the palmer and can ' t wait to go back . 
let me say up front that the swanky , loud , disco lobby was way not for us . much to much going on there , lobby restaurant was average at the very best . but , but . we got a great rate and our , room , bed and bathroom were among the very finest that we have ever stayed in . the bed was supercomfortable , the bathroom was spa like . in general the room had a feeling of relaxed elegance . we would stay here again despite the disco lobby . housekeeping satff was awesome . 
there was a group of N that travelled to chicago recently and spent N nights at the allegro . we all loved it from the friendly service when we checked in to the very helpful concierge . the rooms were small but fine . the location was perfect . we walked to the magnificent mile . . . to the sears tower and took a boat tour on the chicago river . i would definitely go back to the allegro . . . they also had a wine hour every night . very enjoyable trip . 
if you take a trip to chicago , definitely consider staying here . i have stayed in various hotels throughout chicago over N years and this was my favorite hotel because of the staff , location , and overall value . below are the highlights staff -- extremely helpful and knowledgeable . it ' s been a year since i regularly stayed in this hotel and the doorman remembered who i was . the front desk staff was efficient and courteous . we were flying in to meet family and friends so i just found danita ' s email and asked for her help . she was amazing and professional throughout the entire process . in a hotel with a thousand rooms she provided bed and breakfast quality attention . location -- perfect location to easily get around chicago . walking distance to some of our favorite restaurants ( volare , quartino , west egg cafe , yolk ) , navy pier , michigan avenue , and even a free shuttle bus to a casino ! rooms facility -- the beds were very comfortable and even better than i remember . they had just replaced them when i was leaving . the bars and restaurants in the hotel are convenient . 
we booked the american girl package . our cost for N nights for N double beds was over N dollars . our room was supposed to be upgraded , but did not seem that terrific to me . the beds were comfortable , the room was small and outdated . the bathroom was in need of a remodel . the room was a really standard room . there is an expensive mini bar , took some things out , to put some of my things in , ( then put their things back before we left . --nothing perishable ) we did get valet parking included , and a fold out bed for the doll , which my daughter liked . she also got some cupcakes and milk . this hotel is in a great location , you can easily walk to michigan ave and the all important american girl store . there is a mcdonalds in easy walking distance if you have kids . if i was able to get this hotel for N dollars a night , i would take it . but not for what we paid . just too expensive for what you get . there are other hotels in the same area , would check them out first . my daughter did use the pool , the pool was nice , but the air temperature in the pool area was stifling hot , no air circulation , so unless you were in the pool it was uncomfortable . i am glad we got an opportunity to stay in this hotel . it was fun to stay in the city . 
we stayed at the crown plaza for two days . the location was great , right off of michigan street , close to everything . the room was great , the service was great . the only advice i can give is to make sure you read the note on the refrigerator , if you store your own food in it you will be charged a N . N fee . . 
this hotel is absolutely brilliant . only stayed here one night , but everything was spot on . they had a courtyard outside of the hotel so you could relax in the cool september air and soak in the " hustle and bustle " of chicago . it was great ! ! ! i would recommend this hotel to anyone needing a nice and upscale place to stay . it ' s worth it . 
lovely remodeled rooms with two comfy lounge chairs . no flat-screen , but i ' m sure that will come . very friendly and helpful staff . trendy , good restaurant . reasonable prices and walk to buddy guy ' s and jazz club . a little far from the north circle action , but on a quiet street and easy access to the el or busses . large room . twin sinks are nice . 
i have stayed here N nights . if you look for an inexpensive place at a central location , then this is the place for you . the room is your standard motel room ( i booked on their website paid only N night ) , if a bit outdated . parking is free , and while i was there ( thursday friday nights ) finding a free spot was never a problem . also , i didn ' t worry about safety , as the staff are watching closely who is entering the premises . . 
the palmer house is located in the city of chicago , il . the rooms here are all first rate-although prices are high there are times when you can get great deals-during holiday seasons , and other promotional deals . the lobby of this hotel is unbelievable ! ! ! ! ! just sitting at the bar having a drink is an incredible experience . at christmas and before , the famous christmas tree is put up-really puts you in the spirit . 
stayed here over labor day N . had free hotel points to use . great location right off magnificent mile . walking distance to navy pier as well ( half mile or so ) . there are better hotel options but it served its purpose . small rooms , and hotel has some age . small hotel bar in lobby and coffee shop connected . very small elevators so beware . nice balcony on upper floor with great views . have to walk a little ways for dinning options , none onsite . 
this hotel is by far one of our favorites in chicago . then again how couldn ' t it be . . . every time you walk in the door they offer you hot cookies ! it is fun , hip and luxurious without any pretense . the view from the rooftop bar is wonderful ! plus it ' s location right on state street is amazing ! don ' t think twice . . . stay there ! 
this is a great hotel with some amazing views of the lake and the river . of course , with the building boom in chicago , you also get a view into several construction sites , quite fascinating . the room has all you would expect from a business hotel and the bed is to die for ! ! ! but i don ' t believe it ' s worth the regularly advertized price . . . so be sure to hold out for discount rates . while we were there the elevators kept malfunctioning , often leaving people stranded on their floor during the moring check-out rush . i was also disappointed that their shower product bottles were not recyclable , indicating a serious lack of basic corporate environmental responsibility . 
we booked a room on the N ' th of may for one night at the avenue crowne plaza in downtown chicago . the reason we chose this hotel was that it was a special occasion for us and we wanted to stay in an excellent hotel and the reviews for your hotel were good . but once we checked in , we were very disappointed with the level of service provided to us . the receptionist who checked us in , a woman named arta , was very impolite and did not even have the courtesy to give us a smile . we had booked the room using a friend and family quote and she made us feel as if we had done something wrong by using a coupon provided by your hotel itself . after booking the rooms on the internet we had placed a request the the rooms be close to each other and preferable on a higher floor as it was our first time in chicago and we would have liked a nice view . when we checked in , arta said she did not receive any request and gave us what was available . when we went to see the rooms , we were very disappointed . one of the rooms ( N ) were still ok , but the other one ( N ) was much smaller , dirtier and had a broken fridge . we went down to the receptionist and when we told her we did not like the room , she gave us attitude and said " whats wrong with the room ? its a nice room . " she offered us another room but it turned out that it was a similar room on a floor that was much lower than our friends ' rooms . so we decided to stay in the original room , even though we were not comfortable there . we were highly disappointed with the overall experience , from check in to check out . we spent extra money because we wanted to stay in the crowne plaza and experience a different level of comfort but after this experience , i feel we would be better off staying in a days inn or a motel N that would have the same level of service but at least a lower price . 
as others have mentioned , the location can ' t be beat . we stayed three nights , june N-N . hotel has gone down a bit since i stayed last year ( june N ) . i am a priority club member but didn ' t really get anything from the intercontinental to show for it , not even a newspaper outside the door . had requested a room with a view and thought it would be fairly easy since it was the weekend . the room faced a construction site so most of our view was of the cranes outside . don ' t know why they couldn ' t have done better since hotel was not that crowded . they did put us in a king-size , as requested , but the very small room made it seem quite cramped . other minor annoyances included a bathroom exhaust fan that didn ' t work ( steam took forever to dissipate making shaving etc . next to impossible ) and toilet that wouldn ' t flush unless you held down handle for whole cycle . another minor peeve was the very strict instructions from the pool gym attendant to shower before using the pool . i have no problem with this , but the pool was filled with kids and during the times i was there i didn ' t see one of them ever leave to go use the bathroom , so you can only imagine ! hotel staff were polite but not particularly accommodating . at checkout , they noted it but weren ' t too concerned when i told them bathroom needed some maintenance . i will definitely look elsewhere next time i ' m in chicago . 
chicago is gorgeous and there are numerous great hotels . the best is the peninsula . the location is perfect , right off michigan and in the midst of everything . the entrance does not completely portray the beauty of the hotel , as you leave your luggage , and take the elevator to the lobby level . then , it begins--a beautiful arcade hallway , leading to the concierge and reception , with a continental restaurant serving three meals and afternoon tea and the best sunday brunch . they also had a talented three piece jazz band on saturday night . down a flight is a top chinese restaurant , and in the building is a french brasserie . the decorating is absolutely first rate , and then there are the rooms . we were fortunate to get their N for N deal , and also an upgrade to a suite , which included a complimentary mini cooper with driver . the bathrooms are large and perfect , there is a dressing room and closets and drawers , and the beds and furnishings are comfortable and lovely . my granddaughter began saic , which is the art school attached to the beautiful art museum down the street , and i also met with specialist doctors at northwestern medical down the street . simply , a great weekend at a truly great hotel . 
the hotel is really well located for exploring chicago being less than half a mile from the magnificent mile and millenium park . we stayed in a king spa room on the Nth floor which overlooked the river and didn ' t suffer from the noise issues other people have mentioned . the room was a good size with a huge bath tub and separate shower . the staff were really friendly and helpful . there are some negatives though . housekeeping was a bit hit and miss with basic things like toilet rolls not replaced and one day the room didn ' t get cleaned at all . you shouldnt have to phone up and remind them to do these things when you ' re paying over N a night . the room is pretty pricey so you would expect it to have everything you need . however , toiletries in the bathroom weren ' t enough for N people and there was no bath gel provided which , given the bath is the main reason why you ' d book the spa room , this seemed a bit tight . the hotel seemed to charge a lot for things other comparable hotels would provide for free such as web access and bottles of water . also , there ' s a N restocking charge for the mini bar even if you just take one item out of it . we ate in the hotel restaurant and the first time our waiter was brilliant , very accommodating and helpful . the second time however the service was poor with the waitress bringing out our main courses N mins after bringing out our starters and trying to cram them on the table , and forgot to pick up our drinks order from the bar so we had to fetch them ourselves . didnt eat there again after that . it ' s a great hotel but for the price there probably are better places to stay . 
i stayed here when i attended a conference in chicago . the location is hard to beat , and that ' s about all i can say about this hotel . amenities and service were almost non-existent . no breakfast ( no restaurant , even ) , no free in-room internet , no fitness facility ( for that you need to pay N day and walk three blocks to the doubletree ) . i couldn ' t even find an ice machine ! i had to go to the hotel bar for ice . the bartender begrudgingly fulfilled my request for a wineglass ( " once i give these out , they never come back . " ) there was supposedly a part-time concierge , but one never seemed to be at the desk . my bed was comfortable , and the room clean and basic . no complaints there . the air-conditioner , however , was horribly loud and cycled on and off every N minutes . i could not run it at night and sleep . the bathroom was ridiculously small , and the sink placed so that it partially blocked the doorway . there was also mold on the wall and ceiling . i didn ' t have any problems with the check-in staff , and i found the bellhops to be very helpful . all in all , i wouldn ' t stay here again . 
personal trainer sam great people skills and training skills concierge dianne and lisa very helpful , housekeeping lady very nice - complemented us on our room
i would definitely recommend hotelN . it was clean , rooms were spacious nice . staff was friendly , our room was cleaned daily no matter what time we left . didn ' t have to wait terribly long for elevators because there are N for bottom floors N for upper floors . the hotel is very centrally located . only thing i would have liked is to have a fridge and personal safe in room . also very happy with purchasing in advance through skoosh , got the room we were promised at a good price ! 
i am a gold member to several different hotels including hilton , marriot so to say the least i spend a lot of times in hotels . i would rank this much higher than the top N in chicago . if you are lucky enough to get a river view you will be treated to a great room with a view , i am sure the other sides are good . the service is fantastic ! from the front desk to the concierge each of the staff act as if they own the hotel and want you to enjoy your stay . i cannot wait to get back and spend another night . also be sure to look for deals as this hotel does offer some specials from time to time . but even at their regular rates the hotel is worth it . give it a try . 
we have stayed at this hotel a number of times and remain impressed with the staff and service . although the breakfast line can be long the wait isn ' t long , the manager ' s reception is fantastic after a long day of meetings , shopping or sightseeing ! the rooms are spacious and comfortable . i will return again and again ! 
we stayed at the inn of chicago on two different trips . we were happy with our experience both times . the location is perfect for shopping and going to tourist sites . it ' s a great place to crash when visiting a great city ! 
this hotel met every expectation . we are " country " coming to a big city but the employees made my wife and i feel at home . we were close to everything around downtown chicago . this is a great place to stay and as usual , embassy suites was a Nst class place to stay . thanks you employees we will be back ! 
i booked this hotel by accident thinking it was as different one ( long and not particularly interesting story ! ) , and ended up very pleased with it . it ' s excellent value for money . my room was very large , with a separate sitting area with comfortable chairs and coffee table , and the sleeping area itself was also large , with a work desk . the room came with free wired internet access ( cabling supplied ) which was very much appreciated . the bathroom was also good with a large , deep bath . everything was spotlessly clean . the room was warm and quiet . the staff i came into contact with ( todd on front desk and sandra ( i think ) at breakfast were friendly , welcoming and helpful , which does add so much to a hotel stay . the price tells you that this is not a luxury hotel , but i think that you get far more for your money here than the price suggests . there are obviously frills you don ' t get , but they are really not an issue . there is no coffee maker in the room ( although there are water cups ) , but there is a cafe on the ground floor . frankly i ' d rather have it that way and get the free in-room internet access than pay the extortionate daily internet rate that so many more expensive hotels charge . the hotel is not central and there ' s not too much around it ( although i understand it ' s handy for the conference centre and chinatown ) , but there is a bus ( no . N ) which leaves for downtown directly opposite the hotel and drops you back off right in front of the hotel . it leaves every N mins , costs N . N for a single ride and got me from the hotel to the art institute in around N mins . i found it super-handy and it made not being located in central downtown a complete non-issue . as well as the cafe there is a restaurant and bar . i only used the restaurant for breakfast - warning breakfast portions are large ! i ordered more items than i could eat , thinking they ' d be much smaller . all well cooked . breakfast is ordered a la carte , rather than buffet , and is reasonably priced . i wasn ' t in a hurry , which was fine , but if you are expecting a dash-in , dash-out buffet option , you should probably leave a bit more time than you would normally . sandra was an excellent hostess . so , overall it ' s not a luxury hotel , but it doesn ' t provide budget-level service or accommodation . the staff is friendlier and more helpful and the rooms bigger , cleaner and better equipped than i ' ve had in many far more expensive hotels . 
our four days in chicago were great and the hotel was fantastic . everyone was helpful and very kind . our room was clean and cozy . it was a tad small but we didn ' t mind because it made up for the lack of space in other ways . we just had a fantastic time in chicago and the helpful staff made it more enjoyable . would book with them in a heart beat again ! ! ! ! ! 
just spent two nights at the james . loved it ! let me just say that the staff are outstanding . . . and that is the entire staff . the location is perfect for anything that you want to do downtown . weather was so nice that we walked down to the theatre district . . . nice N minute walk . just steps from michigan ave . lots of restaurants close by . ate at the hotel restaurant . . . . david burke ' s primehouse for dinner and breakfast . both times it was great - again the staff at the restaurant were outstanding . when we arrived at the hotel ( early ) they had a room ready . it had two double beds , but i preferred a king . . . . no problem - they gave me an upgraded room at no cost . great boutique hotel . this is the first time i stayed at the james - it will not be my last . 
breakfast the breakfast buffet was amazing , self serve hot line ( eggs , bacon ) and made to order omelets . N-N different types of donuts pastries . fruit was typically bananas , oranges , and cantalope or watermelon . pancakes with syrup or blueberries also available . cereal , yogurt , and granola also available . very impressed with food quality and selection for a free included breakfast . room living area of suite very spacious . rooms have microwave and fridge . bed very comfortable , pillows were the only negative - but they were pretty standard for hotels these days - down pillows that are very soft squishy where your head sinks into the pillow . service guest check in great job , also provided a free surprise dessert treat in our room upon arrival for my husband ' s birthday . concierge - not available after Npm . - ( we did not get much help regarding touristy attraction info - which seems like an everyday concierge request . we actually stopped in another hotel and received the help we needed . overall - despite negative opportunities listed we would definitely stay here again . the rooms were quiet and clean , bed very comfortable , breakfast was excellent and this was about N blocks north of the canal and N blocks west of navy pier . great hotel convenient location . 
i stayed at this property for N nights . it was centrally located in downtown chicago . the staff was warm friendly . i had a long trip the front desk made sure my room was ready when i checked it . the price was very affordable for a business person . would definitely stay again . 
the hotel had a couple things going for it including location ( only a short walk away from millennium park and navy pier , not terribly far from michigan avenue shopping ) , a courteous and prompt valet staff , and it was relatively quiet . beyond that i don ' t think it was worth the price paid . upon check-in they didn ' t have the type of room that i had originally booked . i wasn ' t willing to shell out more cash for an upgrade so i was forced to settle for a room that didn ' t really suit me . the woman at the front desk didn ' t seem very sympathetic to this and was clearly irritated by my inquiries as to why my room wasn ' t available or if they could do anything for me . also , while it was to be expected , any extras were steep . valet , room service , minibar , pool fitness center , and so on . i ' ll admit that i ' m not used to staying at nicer hotels but some of the charges seemed over-the-top . i suppose i would have understood if the hotel wasn ' t so underwhelming as a whole -- the lobby , the rooms , etc . everything was so bland ( design-wise especially ) , i really was expecting more based on the prices . on the bright side , the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was nice ( a variety of toiletries were offered and the fixtures seemed newer ) . so , after walking around the city and seeing all the places i could have booked , i was pretty bummed . i ' d research all your downtown hotel options if you have time because there ' s plenty better than this one . 
i had a wonderful stay here and was surprised to find this hotel to be very glam . the bed was beyond comfortable , room service very efficient , front desk staff friendly and a great value to boot . and it is walkable to everywhere in the city . 
i booked our N night stay at the allerton through their website and got a king bed room for N night . i would suggest flying there if possible because parking is N day . ( most of the downtown chicago hotels have crazy parking fees ) N . great location - right in front of crate and barrel on michigan ave . seriously , for the price you can ' t beat the location . N . water pressure - not so good , but it is an older hotel . N . decor was very nice and the hotel was very clean . N . yes , folks the elevators are slow and hit or miss . N . new fitness center with new equipment on the Nth floor that has a view of the city . N . easy check in and check out - we were able to check in at Nam because our flight was early and we requested it . N . the biggest downfall of this hotel is the fact that you can hear everything that is going on in the hallways or your neighbors room . some dumb guy was talking on his cell phone in the hallway at Nam and i had to open my door and tell him to shut up because i heard every word he was saying . that was the most frustrating part of all . N . hotel restaurant is very expensive and not worth the price . check out bice an italian place right down the street that was fantastic and reasonably priced . overall - i would certainly stay here again but for only a few days . there is a walgreens about N blocks away if you are worried about snacks or pop . 
what a wonderful experience . my first stay at this hotel started after midnight on N N N . i had worked over N hours and just needed to sleep before returning to work early on N N N . what a pleasant surprise to find that the prior reviews were all on the mark . i was made to feel as a guest , not any easy chore for the hotel based on my mood . to be so well treated made the stress of the day disolve . there are many reasons this hotel is so highly rated . you owe it to yourself to stay here . 
if money is no object , then i ' d recommend the hilton chicago . however , most people would be concerned with such things which is why i don ' t recommend it . this is not an inexpensive hotel to begin with , but what you don ' t initially realize is that nothing is included . internet is not included , among other things , and parking costs N per day ! ! ! i believe there was cheaper parking in the area , but we checked in so late at night that we couldn ' t spend time searching . also , the shower was plugged up and drained slowly , the hairdryer was broken and the tv remote didn ' t work . just a lot of little things wrong with the room that you ' d think they ' d check once in a while . on the bright side , the staff was courteous and helped us with some of our problems . also , the hotel is very old fashioned looking , yet updated and clean . it ' s really a beautiful hotel . overall , i just have a hard time recommending it because of what you get for the money along with the issues we had . 
the allegro is in a great location downtown in the theater district ( next to the cadillac palace theater ) and just south of state street and millennium park ( on michigan ave ) . the lobby reception area is really nice and big and is a great location for their free wine tastings in the afternoon . they also give complimentary coffee and tea in the mornings . check-in was easy and everyone was friendly . we had a king premier room and we were a little disappointed paying extra for this room . the room is very large and very clean nice , but the bathroom is small . the sink area has very little counter space which is a rarity in downtown chicago hotels . the toilet and sink are also very close together . also , we faced a brick wall and had absolutely no view out of our windows . again , for a king premier that was disappointing . overall , i would recommend the hotel , but i ' d suggest not upgrading to the supposedly nicer rooms . granted , i don ' t know how small the bathrooms are in the less expensive rooms , but it ' s hard to imagine that they could be much smaller . there is a parking lot for N for N hours on the corner of randolph and wells ( just west of the hotel ) . i ' m not sure how much valet parking costs at the hotel , but N night is a pretty good price in downtown chicago . 
stayed here for N nights in august with mom and daughter . . . . room was very nice , no problems with housekeeping . we did hear sirens , but once asleep they certainly didn ' t wake us . concierge was very helpful ! ! room was very good sized and bathroom was huge ! location was N block off of michigan -- well within walking distance to many sites . got a very reasonable rate off of expedia . would stay here again ! ! ! 
the conrad is in a great spot , a quick walk to shopping , restaurants , the river and much more . it ' s quite nice , updated and xtremely clean . the lobby area ( on the Nth floor ) is open and has a good size lounge , terrace rooftop ( in nice weather ) and a restaurant . everything you need if you don ' t have time to venture out too far . the hotel is also attached to the mall across the street . i had a corner room that had windows on two walls . the room was huge , especially for a downtown location . ample space to spread out plus a comfy chair and ottoman , and a good size work desk . the bed was incredibly comfortable and the choice of pillows make a huge difference when trying to get a perfect night ' s sleep . the bathroom was also huge and they thought of everything in case you forgot something . on my last morning , i wanted to print my boarding pass and found they have a computer kiosk near the atm . icons for all the major airlines ready to go . they really pay attention to the little details that make things convenient and extra simple for their guests . i will definitely stay at the conrad again . 
our living social deal was a fantastic value already , enhanced by the friendly efficient service and lovely surroundings of the allerton hotel . check-in was quick , even though there was a line . the bell boys got us cabs quickly and our car was retrieved in N N the time we were told to expect . i love a hotel where the rooms are not cookie-cutters , and this was the case at the allerton . my only complaints were a noisy heating system when it cycled on and less-than-luxurious towels . 
from being greeted upon arrival to the outstanding service of the housekeeping department , and one housekeeper in particular ( irene mendoza ) , we were totally satisfied . had business meetings on the Nth floor which were excellent . 
we have tried many hotels in chicago all well located and comfortable . the westin michigan has the best location almost by the lake , right on michigan avenue by its best shops . we will definitely come back . hotel lobby is nice and comfortable , rooms were spacious ( for a big city ) and beds were heavenly . coffee in the hall in the mornings is a great touch . 
we took the train into chicago for a weekend of fun and found our accomodations to be absolutely wonderful ! we walked from millenium park train station to the hotel and found it to surpass our expectations . the embassy suites is N blocks from the center of activity on michigan avenue the magnificent mile ! the hotel is nicely centered with many eateries , shops etc nearby . the room was large and very clean , the complimentary breakfast was outstanding , including made to order omlets ! the breakfast was a great way to start the busy day and the managers cocktail get together was a relaxing opportunity around Npm before heading back out for dinner ! all of the staff members were very friendly and helpful . we enjoyed every minute of our stay ! 
i ' ve stayed in several different hotels in chicago . this was the best location so far . the rooms were clean and comfortable , i really enjoyed the clean and spacious bathrooms . the staff at this hotel were very helpful , especially the doormen . i agree with the other reviewers that at least a bottle of water should be provided and the wifi should be free for all guest . stll , i highly recommend this hotel because of its excellent location and staff . 
got this room on priceline for a pretty good deal . the rooms were a little dated , but clean . the bathroom is extremely small ! and as another poster has noted the towels are not the softest . overall though , we enjoyed our stay here , especially considering we got a good deal on priceline . the location is great for shopping and we were there the first week in december , so we spent alot of time on michigan ave . loved chicago and look forward to returning . i would stay at this hotel again if i got a deal on priceline , don ' t think i would if i had to pay full price . 
we had a gold coast package which included parking and breakfast and a room on the Nth floor with a partial view of the lake . the hotel caters to business people but we were there for a vacation . the hotel was quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable . the only quibble we had was with the heat---i suspect it ' s controlled from the the front desk even though they made a big deal about how we had our own thermostat ( it never responded unless i called the front desk --- it was november and would get cold in the room ) . it ' s within easy walking distance from the visitor information center and the bus lines . the hotel staff was very helpful and the onsite restaurant bar was fine for breakfast or lunch . 
when booking our stay with the fairmont , we requested an early check in , as we wanted to ditch our luggage and get straight to the taste ! we stepped into the beautiful lobby and we checked in , but our room was not quite ready . we were told we could wait , and they would call us on a cell phone as soon as it was ready . over an hour passed by , without a phone call . as the hour and a half mark approached we decided to ask about the status of our room . apparently it had been ready for quite some time and they had forgotten to call . . . ooops ! but we quickly got over the delay . the rooms were wonderfully decorated , with large bathrooms ! we also had the most wonderful view of downtown ! if you are looking for a nice hotel near both millennium park and grant park , this is a wonderful choice ! 
when we found a great deal via travelzoo for labor day weekend , we pounced on N rooms for our family . turns out it was not just a nice hotel but the staff was super friendly and the location was quite convenient to navy pier , millenium and grant parks , the magnificent mile , and plenty of other sites that we walked to during our holiday stay . we had asked for rooms near each other on the same floor but ended up getting adjoining rooms so that was awesome . we ate in the main lobby restaurant a couple of times in the morning ( for convenience more than anything else ) and though it was just a bit pricey the food was terrific and the breakfast buffet plentiful and quite tasty . my only nit-pick is the N day for internet - c ' mon folks , that ' s a bit absurd ! ! thank goodness the parking was free as part of our booking . i would stay here again in a heartbeat . great experience . 
i recently traveled to chicago with a friend to catch a cubs game . we originally made a reservation at the marriott o ' hare directly across from this hotel on the other side of the highway . we changed our reservation and stayed at the renaissance instead since the marriott had some construction going on within the pool whirlpool areas . the check in time was speedy and the front desk employees were all pleaseant and quite upbeat . the hotel has a very spacious , modern and inviting lobby area . lots of leg room and some really comfortable sitting spots . our room was unusually large in comparison to most hotels that i have stayed at within the same general area . the room was in very good and clean condition . the bed was very comfortable and the refrigerator in the room was a great addition to the ammenities and sure kept our beverages cold . the hotel has a really spacious swimming pool and a pretty nice whirlpool as well . my only complaint was the water temperature of the whirlpool was luke warm at best . i contacted the front desk and the temperature was much better later that day . it is nice to know that complaints and feedback do actually get taken care of quickly . well anyways , this hotel is extremely convenient for travel to see a cubs game . wrigley field is no more than N minutes away . the train station is less than a block away . it cost us N each for a pass to get us to and from the ballgame . the bell captain at the hotel gave us accurate diections by train and it turned out to be a great ballgame . go cubs ! ! i make sure that you check out ginos east for some super tasty chicago style pizza . it is across the highway and maybe a N minute drive . my only complaints about this hotel would be as follows . the hotel is off a main road and there is no sign at the roadway itself . we drove right past it . there is a dark colored hotel sign at the actual entry . however , it is somewhat challenging to read and did not appear to be well lit . unlike the other reviews , i expect and anticipate being charged to park my car at a hotel in the chicago area . however , the parking structure is incredibly busy at times at the spaces are unusually narrow . make sure that you are careful opening your doors . you don ' t want to hit the car next to you . i think that flat screen tv ' s would be a welcoming touch . thats it , overall beutiful hotel and really nice time to be had . my first time at a renaissance hotel and i will absolutely be back again ! 
great location . direct access to the mall . accross from joe ' s , one of the best restaurants in town . walking distance to blue chicago for great blues . 
this was a great hotel in terms of extra perks . . . i loved the hot breakfast in the morning and never encountered long lines . the manager ' s reception in evening with snacks and drinks was a huge bonus when i had to wait until late to go to a business dinner . the hotel is in a great location , within walking distance of great restaurants . the suite offered tons of room to get work done and relax . i ordered room service , it took about N minutes , but i enjoyed a hot and delicious meal . i utilized the valet parking in the basement , and was always able to get my car out quickly and easily . my only complaints were noise related . i was on the Nrd floor and the street below gets very busy and noisy early in the morning . i could also hear my neighbors through the walls . despite these setbacks , i would still stay here again ( but maybe request a higher room ) . 
my girlfriend and i had some time to kill so we decided to stay downtown prior to a long flight out the following day and enjoy some of the chicago flavor . i was a little concerned when the doorman was absent and i wondered if i ' d have to abandon the rental car at the curb to check in but another employee at the hotel stepped up and said that the doorman was detained but he would watch our car while we checked in . we checked in with no problems at all , dropped our luggage off and left to go see the city . we actually didn ' t get a lot of time to see the property and its amenities but the staff were very helpful and the room was clean . hope to come back to enjoy some of the other highlights the hotel has to offer , it seems to be very well kept . 
this is a historic hotel and the lobby is very nice - however , once you step into your room you realize that it needs major updating . the rooms are very old and not as clean as they should be . the tvs are ancient - for the first time ever , we didn ' t even bother turning it on . it was quite far from the beds and not a flat screen . the mattresses were old and flimsy . the whole ambience of the rooms was outdated and our room was very moist - the papers in our room even became damp . would choose a different hotel if you are staying downtown . they also charge you extra if you want to use the fitness center or internet . 
what a hotel treasure just south of the loop . the rooms are well appointed and the staff is extremely friendly and courteous - so much so that i was upgraded to a suite that was large enough to have a N-person party in . the restaurant was killer - i would eat there every night if i didn ' t have to meet business associates elsewhere . and the beer selection at the bar is one i have never seen - it is a beer connoisseur ' s dream . next time you ' re in chicago , make sure you stay at the hotel blake . oh , and did i mention that it ' s a great value , too ? 
we were in chicago on the night of may N N due to amtrak having service problems as our train was N hours late . amtrak provided us lodging for the night at the chicago south loop hotel-i was a bit skeptical since this was downtown chicago but from the time my husband and i walked in the door we felt welcomed . renee at the desk went beyond our expectations at making us feel comfortable . our rooms were very spacious and very clean . i was very concerened as we were going to have to book a flight to return home to alabama due to amtrak having service interruptions between chicago new orleans-our starting point on our N week vacation . i had never flown before and needed to purchase on line tickets for the next day . renee helped me with this process and even printed our boarding passes for us . again she exemplies excellent customer service ! thank you renee for everything you did for us . 
paid N for the night on hotwire . its your typical N star hotel . room was clean , a bit small . hotels in downtown chicago can get pricey so if you can get this hotel for under N i think you ' re getting an awesome price . 
stayed for N nights in april . features include big , clean rooms with comfy beds . very good bathroom and shower . very elegant inside and out . very good location , N-N blocks from bus routes . breakfast was the highlight for this trip ( really good omelette ' s ) . dominick ' s located across the street , walgreen ' s and wine store behind the hotel . need to improve remote control did not work and was never replaced ( complaint submitted on day of arrival ) , and the sofa bed was truly designed for small kids ( no adults should be allowed to sleep there ) . otherwise , an excellent option for chicago visitors . 
great hotel , great location . i highly recommend this hotel . the beds were super comfortable and the room was quiet at night . we had a great time and would stay again . 
recently went to chicago for N nights on a business trip . could not have picked a better hotel and location . i got a room for N a night on travelzoo which was hundreds of dollars less than other hotels in the area . the front desk staff and doormen were very helpful and accommodating . i felt very comfortable as a solo female traveler . yes , the rooms were a little outdated , but spacious , clean , and comfortable . its an older boutique hotel and had more charm than generic chains in the area . i requested a room at the back of the hotel which did not face the l train . it was very quiet . at the end of my stay , the airport shuttle came a little a early and the lady at the front desk printed out my boarding pass for me and ran out to the street to give it to me . . . if you read this thank you ! they really went above and beyond . i was thrilled with the value and the location . 
stayed here with our kids as well as my brother and sister and their kids N people and N rooms overall . our visit was on the weekend before christmas . the purpose was simply to have a family get together and get some shopping done on the magnificent mile . there is probably no location better in chicago for access to the m . m . nordstroms and the rest of the downtown mall is right across the street . that and the layout of the lobby , with it ' s large open bar and other common seating areas distinguished the downtown marriott from most other large city hotels we ' ve stayed at . it made socializing in large groups easier and the older kids could come and go as they pleased while the adults relaxed with a beverage . there were several large screen tv ' s and although this wasn ' t a sports bar it made it easy to watch the nfl game that captured the attention of many of the patrons . the rooms were small and non-descript . while the pool area was fairly large and accomadating , the pool itself was small . there was a good-sized workout room with lockers and showers available as well . we also received a rate of N . N which was a terrific value compared to their normal rates . all in all it was a great experience made better with the large , welcoming lobby , bar and access to all the best chicago has to offer . 
i don ' t ask for much when i travel , a clean room and a bed i fit in ( almost N ' tall and under N lbs ) . to make sure i always have a king or queen size bed i have it in my profile and double check my confirmation . i arrived at Npm and they put me in a room with a double bed . i was eventually able to get a king in a downsized room but they never adjusted my bill . still working on this . so much for being an elite member who plans ahead . . . 
the location of this hotel is super , the doorman and the bell boys were very attentive . the only minor is that you have to pay ( N , N N hrs ) for wireless internet connection . it surprised me as we stayed in various hotels motels during our N-week trip through N states in total ( including cities like nyc and boston ) but everywhere the internet was for free . no , correction at the motelN you had to pay N , N N hours . but hey , at a nightly rate of N , - what can one expect . for the rest it was fine ! 
my daughter and i went on girl s weekend shopping trip and stayed at avenue hotel chicago . we truly loved the hotel ! everyone was friendly and helpful . the location was close to fabulous shopping ( american girl place , disney store , chanel , boss , brooks brothers to name a few ) and great restaurants . we decided to get a kid-friendly room and we were so pleased with it . the room was bright and comfy and we had a ball with the wii ! we are planning on returning closer to the holidays and will definitely stay at avenue hotel chicago again . 
kierra , irma and patrick were all helpful and attentive during our family ' s stay . helping us and making us comfortable while we attended a family funeral . 
we stayed for two nights and were very happy with the accomodations . much better than when we were here five years ago . this time we had a remodeled corner room on the Nth floor with N windows and a view . the staff was efficient and treated us great . we would definitely return for a third time . 
i have just returned from N day stay at the bw grant plaza . i was initially concerned after reading some not so positive reviews . but if you don ' t have high expectations , i . e you don ' t expect the ritz carlton , this is great a little hotel in the windy city . i stayed on the Nth floor and had pretty decent views of the city skyline and lake michigan . the rooms were clean and adequately decorated . i was there for a conference and appreciated that each room had an ironing board and iron . the heater some reviewers complained about , worked just fine in my room . in fact , i had a brand new heater ac unit . connecting to the complimentary wi-fi was a cinch . only disappointment was the lack of breakfast . the restaurant next door was rather expensive . 
we stayed at affinia hotel for N nights in N rooms . it started with the warmest welcome by andre and peter and continued during the whole week . they were always cheerful and welcome us with a smile , they suggested the best attractions and restaurants . the sevice and stuff are the best we ever had even in more luxirious hotels . the food at the hotel restaurant is the best we had during the whole week . it is perfectly located for shoping and site seeing . we will stay at affinia hotel in chicago again . thank you for making our vacation a huge success . 
my wife and i were here for only one night so did not take advantage of any of the amenities in the building . we found our room quite comfortable , clean . and well-maintained . we heard some street noise but there was no sound from adjacent rooms or the hallway . the only problem was that the clock radio was set for an hour earlier and we didn ' t notice until morning . apparently it never got set ahead for daylight saving time last spring ( this is october ) . and i could see why--i could not figure out how to change the time and most likely no one else could either . as is the case with center-city hotels , extras are not free . you pay for parking , internet service , breakfast , etc . visitors should be prepared for this . also , expect to pay extra if you want a view because most rooms are going to face other buildings . and expect big city noise sirens , garbage trucks , etc . 
my wife and i arrived early on a friday and knew we probably wouldn ' t get into our junior suite which we picked because of the " l " shaped layout on an inside corner with tons of windows as depicted on the hotel web site . when we dropped off our luggage , we were told we were upgraded to a executive suite . when we checked in later in the day , we were checked into a handicap accesable room which had a bedroom and an attached sitting room with a fold out couch which is not what we wanted . we called down but were told the hotel was full and we couldn ' t be moved . later we discovered the phone didn ' t work next to the bed and to make a call , we had to go into the bathroom and that phone kept falling off the wall . the tv remote worked when it wanted to and a movie we rented had the sound so messed up it was like watching an overdubbed karate film from the N ' s . bose system and all . then the chain came off the toilet plunger as we were departing to dinner the second night at a very bad time . had to take the back of the toilet off and stick my entire arm in the toilet basin to get it to flush . i was not happy . room service was very expensive after all the fees were added and drinks at the bar were nearly N . N each after a reasonable tip . N . N is simply too high for a scotch and a magarita unless you are in st . lucia looking at the pitons and not a kid screaming in a stroller getting his diaper changed in the bar . and the hotel has no pool and it was perfect swimming weather . there are just better options for the same money and far better options for a bit more jack . keep looking . 
my husband and i visited chicago to celebrate our Nth anniversary and stayed at this hotel . hotel indigo is in an excellent location . it ' s in a nice quiet area but within a N minute walk of shops , food , and some great bars ! staff was polite , service was great , and the room was smaller but decorated in soothing bright colors . we got a great deal on the room and they even let us check in early without any hassle . parking was right next to the hotel for N N hours , which isn ' t bad for chicago , and the valet staff was fantastic ! only downside is that there is no pool , which would have been bit of a bummer for the kids , but there are plenty of kid-friendly activities to do in the area to keep them busy ! 
i stayed here in june N for N nights . good location just off michigan ave and across the street from the drake . room we had was small , but updated with very comfortable bed ! bathroom was nice with marble tile , granite counter ( very small ) and dual shower head with rain yet sort of pain to use . breakfast in the hotel is good , but takes a while so if you are in a hurry , don ' t eat there . you can walk to all of the good shopping on michigan ave as well as walk to navy pier . vallet parking a bit pricy at N bucks a night and it takes them about N min to get your car out . highly recommend you eat at joe ' s crab for dinner and gibson ' s steak house is a must do , but you will need reservations in advance . valore was also very good for some authentic italian cuisine , and try the wit for some good bar atmosphere . if you want to use internet , they will charge you per computer , not per room . enjoy ! 
the hampton inn majestic and staff can ' t be beat for a chicago stay - short or long ! for starters , there is the delicous complimentary breakfast and the comfortably decorated rooms that utilize perfectly this historic building . then consider the convenience of being within easy walking distance of the art institute the chicago symphony the majestic theater ( same building ) as well as several other notable theaters and endless shopping and architectural wonders ! for culture or for easy sightseeing , chicago is fabulous and the hampton inn majestic is in the center of all . finally , an unbeatable restaurant suggestion aigre doux which is a relatively new restaurant and will be well rated in the new zagat . if you ' re lucky , the talented chef will wander through the dining room and have time to stop and chat ! enjoy . 
this review is more about the parking garage than the hotel experience itself . our stay at the essex was actually very good for the price . except for our vehicle damage from the parking garage , our whole chicago experience up until that point had been nearly flawless . what a disappointment after checking out . it was noon on sunday just after walking back from a church service just a few blocks away . we were feeling great about chicago , and great about the day before heading home . the damage is on the bottom and side . . . looks like the valet driver had a smaller , lower red car and turned too close to my van when parking . gave my van a nice scratch and dent with the other vehicle ' s front bumper . we were so busy filling the back of the van with suitcases that we missed the damage until we stopped for food about N minutes out of town . we called immediately . . . had to wait about N days for the claim to go through . they didn ' t ask for photos nor did they ask for much information at all so we suspected we were going to be left high and dry . basically , since we can ' t prove they did it . . . we ' re on our own to flip the bill . and since , technically , the connected parking garage is a separate business from the hotel , the hotel won t accept responsibility either . with valet parking , this should have never happened . if driving into chicago . . . do not use their parking garage ! ! you ' ll end up paying for a lot more than the hotel room . not the way to end an otherwise great trip . puts a sour note on the whole chicago experience . 
stayed here on N N N . took our two boys downtown for a night in the city . sometimes when a hotel is hip , the staff can have a ' whatever ' attitude - kind of , ' i ' m too cool for you . . . . ' but not here . the modern vibe of the radisson is complimented by a welcoming friendly staff . our room was on the Nth floor - black onyx granite floors - with an bright aqua carpet . excellent lighting , top of the line fixtures . our room had a balcony , although it was too cold out to enjoy . wonderful views of navy pier and the lake michigan . beds were comfy - N queens , rather than N double - which is hard to find . one thing we noticed is the doorways to the rooms are not right off the hallway - they are tucked back - you go down a little hallway to the doors to the rooms . this makes the rooms very quiet . no noise from the hallways at all . being a new hotel , everything is shiny and in excellent condition . the lobby is beautiful , with the long ( very long ) fireplace and comfy chairs . the lounge , bar and restaurant are modern decorated in white , gray silvery tones . we had lunch at filini - the restaurant . excellent food . sandwiches were reasonable ( around N ) but the other options were pricey for lunch . ( N- N for appy , N and up for entree - most averaging N ) . lunch for the four of us was N ( we did have a couple glasses of wine ) . our boys loved the game room ( pool table ) and N N basketball court . the gym is better equipped than any hotel we have ever stayed . . . . but it is shared with the residents of the aqua building . we were there on two occasions , and it wasn ' t crowded . steam room and sauna are also available . we really loved this hotel . then again , it is brand , spanking new . i hope that they keep up with the maintenance of the property - keeping it fresh and clean . great location -- close to the river , millennium park . only complaint -- parking . N . ouch . goes with the territory of city hotels , i know . but it still gets to me . we will definitely stay here again . 
we booked three nights in this fabulous hotel through priceline . we had a one-bedroom " presidential " suite with a lake view for N per night including breakfast . car parking was N per night , but a car wasn ' t really necessary . the staff couldn ' t be more helpful and friendly . and the restaurant " mon ami gabi " was good too . 
had a great great experience at w hotel . while checking in , i thought the tone was friendly but also full of elegance , not too familiar . the gym pool are clean , quiet well equipped . the room was spacious , the view onto lake michigan absolutely fantastic . before leaving , i wanted to buy stamps for post cards , they just took them and offered to stamp them , free of charge . i highly recommend this hotel
i was glad to be staying at the w city center instead of the usual place in chicago , as i had heard good things about the hotel . turns out there was good and bad , as follows good things included the beds ( very comfortable , although small ) , linens ( nice from the towels to the sheets and comforter ) the bliss bath products ( dreamy and lovely - i usually don ' t take the products anymore because i travel so often , but i took these ! ) , the shower head ( great water pressure ) and the personnel , who were almost all polite and cheerful . bad things included tiny tiny room ( barely could walk around in the room and the bathroom gave new meaning to the word small ) , dark furnishings which made the room seem even smaller ( expecially the dark gray , wavy drop ceiling - what ' s up with that ? ) , the woman who yelled at me during the wake up call because she couldn ' t hear me ( the phone was broken ! ! ! ) and the ridiculous cost of cocktails in the lobby bar ( N . N for a small glass of house wine and a martini ! ) . all in all , for the price paid i prefer the old standby of the allegro , which is less expensive and closer to the office where i work . 
enjoyed this hotel immensely , possibly the best and most accomodating staff of any hotel we have stayed at recently . checked in for new years eve for N nights , we were given a corner room , nice size comfortable but a bit noisy from some outside fans . contacted the front desk and they responded immediately , personally came to our room to show us another availability and moved us to a beautiful suite overlooking harry carey ' s . everyone went out of the way to make our stay comfortable and arrange dining and theatre tickets . they work closley with harry carey ' s and walked in without a reservation at N N pm new years eve , gave them a card from the hotel and we were seated immediately . tuan the bellman , joe , chris and george at the front desk were wonderful . the evening cocktail party had great food and beverage selection , the morning continental breakfast on each floor had great selection as well
i booked this hotel with a tip on deals from the trip advisor forum and got a good deal . . . after reading the reviews ( and seeing and hearing the house of blues as i arrived ) i asked for a high floor and a quiet area of the hotel . . . . i was on the Nth floor in a great room with a view of the river , the marina towers and N wacker drive one of my fav buildings in chicago . . . very convienient for my evening at the oriental seeing hair . . . and for viewing the green river on st patricks day ! ! i had a problem . . . my toilet overflowed . . . and the response was quick and clean up promt and thorough . . . . i think this is where you find out if you ' re in a good hotel with good service ! loved this hotel ! ! i
we were offered this hotel when booking our flights with travelbag . the cost for three nights over and above buying flights only was only N - how could we go wrong . however , then we read the reviews here and elsewhere and started to worry . . . . we needn ' t have . yes , rooms are not large - but not tiny and hey , you are only staying a few nights , not buying the place . bathroom very tiny but clean and with all facilities . air con worked well - good as it was cloudy but very warm and humid . room was clean and no funny smells . we are quite sensitive to tobacco smoke but didn ' t notice any in the reception hall at any time . all staff pleasant and helpful . didn ' t eat at the hotel as it was a bit pricey compared to other places . our only gripe with the hotel - and it is a teeny one , was the gift shop ( i think independently run ) where there were no prices displayed . my husband selected three postcards and they wanted N - when they were around Ncents each elsewhere this was over the top . recommendations in chicago ? l ' appetito at the bottom of the hancock tower for breakfast and also good lunches . the bean in millennium park for an interesting sculpture . hancock tower bar has good bar menu and great to watch the sun go down and all the lights come on - must be as good a view as the top floor and you don ' t pay admission ! use the ladies loo on this floor ( girl ' s only of course ) and see the most amazing view from a loo ever . potbellies near the sear ' s tower is good for lunch ( closed saturdays ) . free trolley bus rides around the city are good - but make sure you get on the free ones as some charge . navy pier great and the lake beautiful . airport shuttle not as good as other cities - pricier than a taxi for more than one . taxi was around N each way . 
my husband and i just returned form the most wonderful week at the sofitel chiago ! i just re-read many of the other reviews posted , so that i can address issues directly , and not waste everyone ' s time - bathrooms are as amazing as everyone says . great products , space , luxury upfittings . - staff was amazing with customer service , while not being at all " snooty . " - conceirge was one of the best that i have ever dealt with . " brian " was a star and should be promoted ! he was like an old friend , pointing us to great restaurants , and gently guiding us aware from the tourist traps . - room was modern , clean and comfortable . small , but perfect in every other way . i choose perfection over space . - stop sitting on the fence . book the sofitel water tower ! we are in new york just before christmas , and are staying at the sofitel there . can ' t wait to see the sister property , and this time in a suite . this may be the beginning of a long and loyal relationship ! 
had a N night stay in kingsize room on Nth floor with veiw of magnificent mile and watertower . no problem with elevator waits but never could get connected to web . got a decent rate with groupon deal . location was ideal . reasonable walking distance from the subway system with N connection from airport ( a N day pass was great deal for everything we needed and prevented high parking prices ) . lots of places close to eat . we were trying out the chicago pizza ( it is good as pizza always is to me , but not anything super special ) . walgreens in same block . very enjoyable stay . especially recomend the mayors office sponsored free tours with volunteer greeters . nobel horse theater was unusual fine in downtown chicago to those with equine interests . lots to do--will go back in warmer weather next time . was nice for us floridians to have one day of snow though
my wife and i recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the drake on a pleasure trip to chicago . aside from the " chamber-of-commerce " view up the shore of lake michigan from our fifth floor room , we made numerous visits to the concierge desk , relying on the extremely helpful and engaging staff . we made our first contact with them via cellphone , enroute to chicago to get some ideas about recreational opportunities in the central part of the city . without hesitation , andrea suggested taking a chicago river architectural boat tour . it was a perfect choice for us to spend an afternoon catching up with old friends and learn a great deal about chicago in the process . they also suggested two top notch restaurants for us , one for an early dinner before going to second city on friday night , another for an excellent italian feast on sunday . the drake is a fine old hotel with a lot of charm and history . our stay there was made nearly perfect by the hard working , friendly concierge staff . kudos to them ! 
my spouse and i needed to move out of our home for N hours while it was being " spring cleaned . " this year , we selected the hilton because they welcome dogs that are up to N pounds . our large , male airedale is over N pounds - so , he isn ' t allowed in most " dog friendly " hotels . at the very last minute , we booked a one-bedroom suite on the Nth floor ( executive floor ) . the entire experience at the hilton was excellent . from the moment that we arrived , the staff was very accommodating - especially to our dog ! they made sure that oliver had a dog bed , bowls , treats and lots of attention and praise . they even offered to walk him in the park across the street ! the suite was updated and since it was a corner ( south east ) suite , we had windows on two sides - very nice - lots of light . the bed was comfortable and well appointed with plenty of pillows . room service was very good - we ordered dinner at Npm and at N Npm it arrived , hot and well prepared . breakfast on the executive floors was excellent - nice options ( including " take away " coffee cups with lids ) and very friendly and helpful service - especially the concierge . overall , we were pleasantly surprised - we didn ' t expect much since it ' s the " old hilton " - and , since we just needed a night someplace that welcomed our dog , our expectations were pretty moderate . hilton greatly exceeded these expectations - we would highly recommend this hotel to families with kids or dogs - the hotel staff goes out of their way to make sure that you ' re welcomed . finally , i have to say , the common areas are beautiful and very grand ( especially the front , N story entrance ) . with the very reasonable rates that hilton is charging this summer , you can ' t go wrong - especially if you ' re from out-of-town - the location , across from grant park , can ' t be beat ! p . s . - be sure to check and see if you can upgrade your room rate by N night to allow for indoor , attached parking ( the usual rate ( if you don ' t include it in your room rate ) is somewhere around N night ! ) . 
ok , i have traveled extensively for N years . i have stayed in hotels from nyc , to paris , to copenhagen , etc . this summer is i stayed at the james for business . my company put us up at the intercontinental , but we have stayed at the james in the past . i decided to buck the system and pay extra to stay at the james . i checked two bags on my last day while i still had business at the mart . after meeting clients for drinks in the hotel bar , i went to get my bags . my bag with my ipad , an hermes scarf , my daytimer , gifts for my kids , hair straightener and various other items was gone . total loss about N . N . the desk clerk and hotel manager assured me that they would replace the cost of the items . they told me to wait a week and the bag might turn up . after a week i called the manager and he pushed back saying the chicago inn keepers law only holds them liable for about N . N . after getting very upset and making a stink the hotel agreed to pay N . N , a loss to of N . N . i will not return to the james . i had previously left a sweat shirt and pants in the room that they claimed they did not have . 
just returned from a three-night stay at the wyndham . everything was perfect , from ismail at the front desk to dennean ( the by request manager ) . our room was wonderful , the daily breakfast included in our package was excellent , my kids had a blast , and the service was friendly . i can ' t recommend this hotel enough and we ' re already talking about our next return . you also can ' t beat the location of this hotel . yes , there are sirens as the hotel is across the street from a hospital . however , we were on the Nth floor and it was definitely tolerable . it ' s a city . . . cities are loud . we dealt with it . basically , don ' t let that detour you from staying here . and , if you ' re not happy with something , don ' t hesitate to ask . i can honestly say that this is by far the friendliest hotel we ' ve stayed at in chicago . every employee we talked to was kind and acted like they truly cared about their job . 
we were impressed by our room at this hotel . wood and carpeting , rain shower , reasonably priced minibar , large windows , ipod dock sound system , plasma tv , hyper comfy sheets , so perfect but . . . saturday night arrived and the party started . they have a very popular nightspot at this hotel and clients that go there during their stay . so they have to guard the elevators on saturday night because there is a lot of people wanting to cut the line outside and use the inside hotel elevators . and i think that the hotel ' s clients can go back to their room from inside . . . so there was noise all night in our corridor , culminating at N N am ( we went to bed at Nam ) when a group of people arrived and spent N minutes in the corridor shouting and laughing . at some point i went to open and close my door with a bang to make them realize they were in a hotel . they shouted insanities at us through our door and continued their noise for N minutes then came back to knock violently at our door . earlier in the day another client complained to us in the elevator that the night before two men came out of the elevator at the same time he did and followed him to his room . . cautioning us to be careful . i am sorry to think and say that this hotel management ' s want to make money and be hip with a trendy nightspot at the expense of the comfort and security of their hotel customers . i will not go back to the dana for that reason only
i am in total agreement with the poster below regarding this hotels front desk service and elevators . we stayed during the same weekend and it took us over an hour to get from our room to the front desk and vice versa . when we finally did make it down we were charged for things from the mini bar we never used along with being double charged for our room at a rate higher than our original rate ! we discussed it with them and they " took care of it " later that week i found that the charge was again taken from my account ! after dealing with the billing department it has now been refunded , we will see for how long . i have stayed at many chicago hotels with my wife for pleasure and business and needless to say we will not be back . it was like pulling teeth to even get an apology from the staff for their errors . 
we just got back from a fabulous weekend stay at the w city center . we booked the w because it was close to the christmas market at daley center . the w was a short N block walk . i was a little leery when i first walked in with my N year old son , it looked young , hip and funky . however , there were wooden chess sets , connect four and checkers games sitting out even hot chocolate at check in . the rooms were spacious , clean and comfortable . there were a couple of small broken things but the staff was very apologetic and very attentive at getting them fixed . the shared spaces in the lobby is comfy and fun . a great alternative to being stuck in the room . one night we decided to go down , have a drink and play some chess . my son was sad because all the games were gone . i asked at the desk and they said someone threw all the games pieces together and they sorted through all of them so he could play . amazing customer service . the restaurant is nice and has great food . they were also very accommodating to my son . there is also water and coffee for free in the mornings , and cookies out in the afternoon . also plenty of options right outside the doors . but i cannot say enough great things about the staff ! thank you for such a wonderful stay ! 
i stayed there over halloween weekend with girlfriends and thought the hotel was fine . it was a large hotel and very busy due to its location . i liked that they had coctails for the guests from N-N , that was a nice touch , it was a small area that was packed , but it still was a bonus . the rooms weren ' t fancy , but they weren ' t bad . they were suites and big enough with a table . we ordered carry out from the resturant downstairs which worked out really well because we just wanted easy snacking and sharing and didn ' t have to buy drinks this way . the breakfast was not up to my standard . it too was crowded , and i may be a food snob , but after attempting a completley dried out omlet , cooked for N minutes ! i went for oatmeal , and that was terrible . i liked the coffee and had a banana . i understand food for the masses can be hard , but maybe less is more would bring up the quality . the lobby was pretty for the fall , the people at the front desk were nice . the other thing was the garbage . because it seemed to be a party hotel , there were pizza boxes and garbage bags everywhere , and all night and then next morning they were still there . . . maybe a few more on the overnite cleaning staff . 
the hotel burham was a welcome refuge from the bustling big city of chicago . with it ' s smaller size , beautiful renovations , comfortable rooms , excellent location and exceptionally pleasant , professional and helpful staff i would stay at the hotel burham again and recommend it to other travelers with no hesitation . this is ritz carlton treatment at prices the ' average joe ' can afford . two thumbs up for the hotel burham ! ! 
check in is not the greatest with the front desk clerks unable to crack a welcome smile while they sat at a low desk and did not even offer us a seat while we " stood around " waiting to check in . the dana is in a old renovated building . the reception is on the first floor and so you have to walk up the stairs or take a single floor elevator , cross the lobby just to get to the elevators to your room . we got a large king size room which was nice but with floor to ceiling windows it was a bit of an effort opening and closing around N blinds every morning and evening . the bathroom was a bit of a strange design with a glass panel which gave the person in the bedroom complete access to anyone using the " facility " . there was a curtain which you could leave open or closed across this glass panel , but still a very odd design feature . the location is good with easy access to a lot of local attractions and nearby restaurants . the gym is well equipped with new machines . unfortunately i did not have a chance to use the spa but it looked very nice . the metro station is located a few blocks from hotel which is really convenient and easy to use . we took a train to and from airport to avoid traffic which gets congestive . free easy to use internet access in room . the restaurant on first floor had a club atmosphere at night but sound is well contained . overall we had a good stay , but reception staff can definitely use a motivational talk . try get room on higher floor for a better view . 
we came in from the chicago suburbs for an activity in the city . the hotel was just fine for N of us . we appreciated the room safe . our room was in the back by the alley , but inspite of reviews that this was a bad location , it was actually quiet and probably better than the side with the " l " going by all the time . a panera is only a block north and west , so breakfast was easy to take care of . subway is across the street for a quick lunch , and lots of more eating choices of all prices are within walking distance . hotel a bit tired . the staff was nice . room clean . we were on the third floor so walked up and down as the elevators were a bit slow in showing up . we did not use parking as we used public transportation in and out of the city . overall i would stay here again . 
overall an excellent hotel in a great location . . the staff were very friendly and helpful . the concierge desk was excellent in assisting with information on the city and obtaining reservations . the room was very comfortable and clean . if i had to pick one minor thing to complain about we found the quality of the toilet paper not very good for a hotel of this standard . it may have something to do with the hotel or city plumbing . . apart from that a great chicago experience
as co-producers , we went to chicago with a small group from hartford , ct to see the opening of the new musical " the addams family " . it was cold in chicago that day but from the moment we were greeted at the door of the wit hotel we felt a warm welcome . everyone , from the doorman , concierge , room service , dining room staff etc , was personable , helpful and polite . even the telephone operator addressed us by name , the design of the hotel is stunning , both high concept and user-friendly . the room was spacious , clean and comfortable and the price was very reasonable for the quality . eds , west hartford , ct
definitely excellent ! our experience was not lacking in any way . my husband and i stayed at the end of march for two days . the room was excellent , very roomy , up to date decor , clean , very much up to international standards ( i ' m american but live in new zealand ) . service was great , atmosphere wonderful , i loved the selection of menus from local restaurants that you can order from and have added to your room tab . i appreciated the mini kitchen , i think that ' s something sorely lacking in american hotels and motels . we didn ' t eat at the restaurant on the premises so don ' t have comment on that . one reviewer had issues with the air conditioning the info binder in the room did mention that they turn off the heating air conditioning while you ' re out for the day , to save energy , but that can be left alone upon request , and our room had its own controls . the price was excellent , especially for what we got . and if you ' re into downtown chicago , the location doesn ' t get better than this . i feel like we got to experience a little bit of authentic chicago , not just another corporate cookie cutter hotel . next time i ' m in chicago , i ' m definitely going to book this place again . in short , no shortcomings in my opinion and i can be pretty discerning . 
i have literally traveled the world and this was by far the smallest room i have ever stayed in . the claim to N stars is laughable . the bathroom is a joke . it is so small one cannot even turn around in it . there is no mini bar , no coffee maker , no place whatsoever to do anything more than lie in bed . the tv is so close to the end of the bed that i had to sit on the bed to squeeze between them ! the pool closes at Npm , the gym costs a supplement , the ethernet cable costs N for the very basic reception , and the line at the hotel ' s reception desk is enough to turn you away . if you want to stay in a small and expensive N star hotel in downtown chicago , then this is your place . if you desire nicer accommodations , then by all means , keep searching ! ! 
i spent one night at james hotel traveling through chicago . it turned out to be my best hotel stay ever ! finally a hotel that has found the perfect balance between extremely friendly staff ( genuine and service- minded ) great rooms with modern style , excellent food ( breakfast is highly recommended ) and a perfect location . 
friendly hospitable staff , chic modern decor , great location -- N min walk to shopping on magnificent mile millennium park and it overlooks the chicago river . sign-up to become a kimpton member ( it ' s free ) and you ' ll get a discount on rates along with free wi-fi and a N credit to raid the mini bar when you check-in . also , if you become their friend on facebook , you ' ll get a complimentary bottle of wine and a sweet note . you get comfy animal print robes to wear , aveda products , an umbrella in case of rain and if you get lonely , they ' ll even bring up a goldfish to your room . concierge was friendly and gave us great suggestions . spend a little more for one of the corner rooms with the two large window seats that overlook the river . . . you won ' t regret it ! 
this es was in a good location and close to the central area of chicago a quick drive over to the navy pier although i suppose you could walk if you like . we were lucky enough to stay in the presidential suite on the top floor which was a great choice for our family of N . one bedroom had N double beds and the other had a king bed and there were N full baths . there was also an ample living room with a large l shaped couch and a very nice wet bar with a large dining area . N total flat screens . nice space . the service there was also very good . their daily breakfast area would get crazy busy everyday we were there . as would the afternoon happy hour . be there early or you ' ll have to fight in the lines or miss out . i would recommend this hotel for families . 
modern style rooms with balconies that expose the guest to great views of lakeshore east park . staff extremely accommadating , friendly and professional . fitness room enormous with lot ' s of options . rooms were squeaky clean ( including bath ) . very reasonable rates for this newer hotel in a great location . 
i travel to chicago on business at least bi-monthly . the affinia is always my hotel of choice . the location is perfect , the rooms are spacious and modern , the roof top bar is an oasis , c-house restaurant is fantastic , and most of all the staff is outstanding . the bell man welcomes me by name , the front desk is efficient and accomodating , the servers are terrific and everyone goes above and beyond to ensure i have an enjoyable stay . i reccommend this hotel with great enthuisiam . it truly is my home away from home in chicago . 
this hotel is very nice . my wife and i spent our anniversary night here , t is right in downtown chicago and there are lots of places to go nearby during day and night . the staff is very knowledgeable and the concierge desk knows just the right places for you to go . it is a high end hotel so nothing is free which is a change from the usual hotels i stay at but the prices weren ' t bad . the rooms are older looking but it is an old hotel and the decor and comfort make up for it . great place to stay when shopping or enjoying the nightlife in the city ! 
hotel is in a great location . lobby is nice . workers are great . the rooms are extremely small and tired . carpeting , paint , bathrooms are in bad shape . rooms need complete renovation . . 
the hotels locaton is wonderful , but the rooms are tiny . i have never seen hotel rooms this small in the united states . the hotel is in a beautiful historic beaux arts office building , but the room have the charm of a dorm . the bathroom only had a shower and the closet was the size of a phone booth . the television is too small to see from the bed . the bedding was cheap . room was very clean and in excellent condition . elevators were very slow and required room card to operate . the sheer size of the room made it difficult for two people to share . staff was very accommodating . 
nice hotel , good location , view from the Nth floor wasn ' t up to much but we were on a freebie so didn ' t complain . room was large and clean and bed comfortable . woman behind the desk wasn ' t that friendly or competent . it took a while to check in and i had to come back down as the key card didn ' t work first time . 
fifteen of us travelled from ireland and had the greatest pleasure of staying at the affinia ! the best hotel in chicago without a doubt ! irish people are known for our friendliness and hospitality but we have major competion here ! what a fabulous bunch of people and if i can , i will mention names , victor , daniel , erin , christopher , joel , they made our stay so unbelievable ! thanks in particular to victor who put up with our midnight antics , that is finding our keys etc , the affinia should open a hotel in ireland , we need a great hotel like it ! please let us know if you do as we ' re all in the business ! ! nicest staff you will meet , if you ever visit ireland we work in a restaurant called the oar house in howth co dublin . come visit xxxx ps victor you made our holiday love to yaxxx
popped in for weekend get-away . room obtained via hotwire . very impressed with size of the room bath . well appointed , big flat screen tv plus bose stereo , comfy bed . in the past have stayed on michigan ave ( intercon , drake ) , this location puts you in the heart of the shopping district with lots of amenities nearby . public garage across the street , valadation gives you N per day rate ( vs . N ) with in out privliges . they , like many , have gone to the free coffee in the lobby vs in-room machines - which i like as the joe is usually of better quality . only negative is no-pool , the intercon may get the nod as they have a great one ! 
my three daughters and i chose to rendezvous to chicago from boston , tucson , and co for our " girls weekend . " arriving at the " w " there was no welcome or help with the door or luggage , their lobby is a " cheap " cocktail lounge , the rooms are extremely small , furnished very distastefully and even our requested upgraded room overlooking lake michigan was a joke . the only positive experience was their concierge s understanding and willingness to help us relocate to the drake hotel . with only a few short days to share together in the exciting city of chicago , we lost half a day and months of battle fighting for reimbursement . finally , receiving credit through a credit card dispute , our " w " experience is behind us . read and believe , then book at the drake or . . . . chicago has many wonderful hotel options , but the " w " is definitely not one ! 
we use this hotel for business trips that require little hotel time and just a place to sleep . not only with the la quinta membership are the rooms always clean , modern and with a good desk , we also get good rates . the breakfast is basic but will keep you going until lunch . no social area for business meetings but the clean , cheap room makes it a useful choice for the business traveller . 
my girlfriend and i stayed three nights in a swissotel executive room during a recent chicago vacation . we have mostly very positive things to say , and would probably stay there again if we ever go to chicago . at least if we can find as good a deal as we did this time . i would like to point out some things you should be aware of N ) there ' s a lot of construction work around the swissotel . the hotel seems to be N soundproof , so that ' s no problems . but within a year or so the magnificent lake view will probably be only a memory of the past . the same goes for the view of the park area to the south . N ) make sure that you don ' t get a room right next to the elevators , since these make a lot of sound , speedy as they are . we first got room N , but had to change . no problems at all at the front desk - they seemed to be used to it . the original room had a lakefront view which was stunning . the second room overlooked the city and river , with a good look of the wrigley building . not as exciting , but still very good . beware of office workers who probably can see right into your room from a N feet distance . N ) we had an executive room which granted us access to the Nnd floor executive lounge with day-round complimentary beverage service ( non-alcoholic ) , an evening serving of hors d ' ouvres ( sorry for the spelling ) and pastries , and free internet access . also a great view . the executive status did not grant us free access to the gym , which came for a cost of N . the pool and sauna was free for all guests . N ) the restaurant and bar service on the ground floor was ok , but during our stay , the lobby was always really full of other guests . maybe since the hotel had a really good spring offer , which attracted more private guests compared to the usual business people . N ) the executive room was smaller than expected , probably a standard room , although on high floors . i would probably choose a corner room next time , which looks larger on their website . the king bed was excellent , lcd-tv really nice , and the room came with a stereo with ipod docking station as well as a really good coffee brewer . nice ! the bathroom featured both a tub and a shower and was in perfect condition . the last remark in fact goes for the whole room , the cleaning service was perfect and the room recently renovated . N ) make sure to sign up for the club swiss gold bonus program before your stay for better front desk service and it will strengthen your chances of a free upgrade . all in all , swissotel chicago was a great experience , which i definitely would recommend . 
i stayed here for two nights with my girlfriend over the july Nth weekend . the hotel exceeded my expectations and i would definitely stay there again . pros -the rooms were well appointed and very comfortable ( the beds are extremely comfortable ) . -service was excellent from valet to front desk -sundeck had a great view and amenities looked nice although we didn ' t use them -compared to other hotels the prices for extras such as the mini bar and parking seemed reasonable cons -i didn ' t like the sliding door in the washroom , not as private as i would have liked -restaurant was overpriced for the quality of food and service ( don ' t bother with breakfast ) 
do not stay here ! ! ! our room was unsanitary and the front desk staff did not care - even the woman who identified herself as the front desk manager . this is not worth it to you no matter what the cost . 
stayed at hampton inn majestic N nights first weekend of may , N . traveling with wife and N year old son . great location . within walking distance of anything within loop . blue line and red line stops only one block away . easy to get a taxi or catch a bus . queen beds were very comfortable , rooms very clean , not huge , but adequate . employees were very friendly , always greeting with a smile and willing to chit chat . breakfast was average for this class of hotel - cereals , make your own waffle , yogurt , fruit , juices , coffee , muffins , rolls . everything was fresh . rooms were pretty quiet considering downtown location , but could hear sirens , etc . would stay here again . 
i love the conrad , the rooms are larger than most hotels in the area , the bathrooms have separate shower and tub , with plenty of granite counter top space ! we love the hotel restaurant for breakfast and the bar for a night cap . the staff is also great , so accomodating , we wanted theater tickets for the same night we arrived and had them within N minutes from the concierge . not least of all the hotel is so convenient with michigan av on one side , rush on the other , and nordstrom ' s right there . we will definitely stay there again . 
we had an issue with making a phone reservation and not receving an email confirmation . when i decided to call to confirm our reservation the afternoon of the night we were scheduled to arrive , i was told there was no reservation under my name . come to find out , an error had somehow been made and we were booked at a different hilton . we were able to come to a compromise , however . this hotel is very conveniently located downtown within walking distance of many shops , restaurants . . . . hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating . pool hottub were decent , although quite small . this was a family vacation for us and we were overall impressed with the hotel . tip park your own car for much cheaper . . . . just park near an elevator in the parking ramp . . . . it ' s the same place for valet parking ! ! 
we felt safe and comfortable . the staff was completely helpful being it was our first time in the windy city . the rooms were super clean and homey . the vallet service was also wonderful and speedy , however a little pricey for this small town girl . the location was perfect ! ! we walked to the navy pier , sears tower and there are stores and fine dining all around it . museums are only a N dollar cab ride away . i loved chicago and this hotel only made our stay better ! ! ! 
my husband and i visited chicago many times , but this time decided to bring our little dog along for a weekend get away in chicago . this hotel is conveniently located downtown near the chicago river . it is a very nice hotel , something you would choose even if you don ' t travel with your dog . only the Nnd floor allows dogs , which is too bad for dog owners , as there is no real high rise view . the hotel personnel is friendly to dogs and welcomed our dog . they also offer dog sitting if you choose to dine without your pooch . you can leave your dog in the room if you leave him crated . this hotel offers complimentary happy hour ( munchies and drinks ) and also complimentary breakfast on every floor . we had a very nice stay at this hotel and our pooch really , really enjoyed her stay . every sunday there is a " canine " cruise which was very interesting to take . an hour and a half of cruising down the chicago river and out on lake michigan . it is the same as the regular architectural cruise , except pooches are allowed . very nice ! we all had a good time . 
this hotel has some issues at the front desk . to have one person handling checkouts at prime checkout time and no backup is very regrettable . single file , one at a time , please . no , it is inexcusable . at check out today there was no one at the supervisory level available , only one desk clerk who was not up to the job . allegedly the others were " in a meeting . " the entrance to the hotel is poorly managed by the doorman with the result that guests are allowed to temporarily park hapazardly in the only entrance exit for taxis and other transport . a good property manages their front door to the house better than this one . the amount of open space in front of the hotel is very limited , which makes managing the abandonment ( even temporary ) of vehicles in that space especially critical . the signage to get from ground level to checkin is miserable . one has no idea whether to go to floor N or floor N without spending time trying to figure it out because the brass plates on the elevator do not instantly identify which floor a new guest goes to . hint checkin is on N . the restaurant is on N , but the guest services director at the desk right in front of checkin on N does not have the menu for the day . " you ' ll have to up a floor , sir , and ask the hostess for the menu . " so , just to find out what the restaurant serves one waits for an elevator , goes up an entire floor and wastes time . inexcusable bad service and poor property management because it can be fixed so easily with minor attention to detail . the area in the suite bathroom dedicated to the basin , mirror , etc is extraordinarly small , narrow and cramped . there are inadequate power outlets here . a mouse would feel hump-shouldered . there is a signficant deficiency of electrical outlets all over the entire guest room except at the writing desk , which has one extra outlet mounted on the edge . the room lamps appeared tohave three-way bulbs and many of the settings are burned out , making a guest think the entire lamp doesn ' t work until trying different combinations of the main switch at the entrance and repeatedly pushing the switch on the lamp to find the setting that is not burned out . inefficient , maddening and poor maintenance . room service menu is N hour but heavily weighted to breakfast and sandwiches . room service prices are , of course , extremely expensive . the food quality was above-average and delivered in a reasonable time period . room rates are steep for the quality delivered in the room . an inexperienced traveler may think it ' s a quality location and hotel , but there are much better properties available to the experienced business traveler and they deliver better value . the location is first-rate , however . 
we took advantage of the chicago bears package and saved hundreds of dollars . it included free valet parking , bears game tickets with excellent seats , and the room for the night . the room was extremely clean and extremely quiet . the beds were a little soft and i do think they were doubles . the room is small and the bathroom is very small , but for just a night or two , it was just fine . sometimes we had to wait a bit for the elevators . the pool is on the Nth floor and has a great outdoor deck with nice chairs and tables for relaxing . there is even a lifeguard for the pool . we ate chicago style pizza at lou malnatti ' s which was just N blocks away . get there early--it was crowded with bears fans before gametime . we had great weather and were able to walk the mile to soldier ' s field for the game . the next day we checked out but stowed our bags with the bellman and took the double decker bus tour for N a person . the bellman can give you the information . he was very helpful . the bus took us all over the place and you could get on and off all day and see the many sights . i highly recommend the double decker bus tour . my family and i hope to do the essex hotel bears package again sometime . it was very worthwhile ! 
got a last minute rate of N a night through hotels . com . requested a room with two double beds and wasn ' t disappointed . staff was very professional . food at aria was delicious . located right off of michigan avenue with prime shopping less than a block away . cabs always available in front of hotel for longer excursions . to park , enter off of columbus drive and let valet take care of it for you . all in all , an excellent choice . 
the hyatt is located on the river downtown within walking distance of the magnificent mile , many restaurants , millennium park , and navy pier . i had an Nth floor room with river view and it was much more spacious and comfortable than the allerton hotel downtown . there are two towers , which got a bit confusing trying to navigate underground to get to an adjoining office building . but there is a cozy irish pub ( o ' daddy ' s ) and the very trendy ( and pricey ) big bar , known for fancy cocktails . there is also a steakhouse that looked pretty upscale , and i didn ' t try it since i was alone . for breakfast , the lobby cafe is fast and convenient for coffee , bagels , etc . be prepared to pay for internet anywhere in the hotel . i avoided this by going pretty much anywhere else , like coffee shops , bars nearby that have free wifi . the downside i got back home and looked at the bill in more detail . i was not prepared for what the single rate was , with no extras at all . my company and i researched it to make sure i was not overcharged . what i was charged per night was nearly twice what was listed on the internet for the same room . apparently for these particular weeknights in late september , all hotels in that area were charging that much , and this was even the cheapest . there are always conferences going on in chicago , but i still don ' t know why these nights were so hot . maybe something to do with the olympics ? the upside the helpful staff . i realized on the flight home i left my cell phone in my room . i called when i got home and security found it and assured me it was in a safe . customer service took my information and made arrangements with fedex for me to have it shipped home . i opted for overnight delivery and received it right on time , intact . i was sure it was going to be broken . i was really in a panic about it getting stolen , so it was reassuring to know they were taking care of it . they are also on the go airport shuttle ' s route if you are flying in out of o ' hare . 
excellent hotel in every possible way . food was excellent and the staff was most accommodating and professional . 
my only other experience of a conrad was at the one in dublin about N years ago or so . the chicago facility was a pleasant reminder of just what a fine product the conrad brand is . location was excellent , decor subdued and tasteful , service friendly and ( generally ) helpful . my only complaint was that the staff did not seem terribly responsive to my noting that the lock on the door of my room seemed defective . someone was apparently sent to look at it , but i never received any feedback explaining the problem or why it was not fixed . 
liked this hotel as it is close to my office , and not so close to the mag mile tourist traffic area . the staff in the hotel is very friendly - when i checked in they were going thru an upgrade on their system , and doing things the manual way took a bit longer than normal , but not too bad . upon entering the hotel there was a man that " appeared vagrant " sleeping on the couch in the lobby - he didnt bother me per se , but he was bothersome looking . . . the room itself was nice - this is an older hotel and the tv , carpet , etc were actually quite fresh looking so that was a treat . the only other room issue was the bathroom - the tub had some black crust that washed away upon turning the water on so not sure where that came from . . . the shower did not work very well and there was a lot of water that came from the spout and shower , so you had to take a shower ankle bath at the same time , not enjoyable . but again , overall with these minor hiccups a moderately priced hotel and pretty decent deal for me . 
helpful and nice staff , great location ! ! would stay again , most definatelly ! 
the pros nice concierge desk , however not manned after hours . not too far from marathon departure area . the cons small rooms considering the price , paper thin walls ( baby crying next door can be heard ) , poor maintenance , low level of service from laundry ( late delivery , no efforts made to meet client requests ) , no international channels on tv
i read many of the one-star reviews and was wary about my stay at congress plaza , but i was pleasantly surprised . yes , it ' s an old building . yes , it could use some updating . yes , there were picketers at times ( though they simply went about their business of picketing ) . however , my room was very clean ( much cleaner than some places i ' ve stayed in chicago for twice the cost ) and the bed was quite comfortable . i enjoyed being in an historical building that hadn ' t been gutted and whitewashed to fit some generic standard . if you want a sparkly hotel with rooms that seem as though you are the first ever to stay in them , this isn ' t the place for you . if you like a bit of character , then i recommend it . i wish i had ponied up for a room with a view , because it looked like those would be lovely . the location is perfect and easy to get to by l train blue line from the airport . my only real complaint was that all of the reports of no truly hot water were confirmed when i took a shower . the hotel does need to update its plumbing system . 
we love this hotel . we visit the chicago area often and this hotel has it all . it is clean and the beds are great . i love the location , everything is within walking distance . i wish i had known about it sooner . we stayed at the omni hotel two years ago and we were very disappointed . the omni has a great location if you are just visiting the american girl place however the american girl is now moving locations . my recommendation is to stay at the raffaello were you are centrally located to everything ! -caroline , ohio
stayed for seven nights . the hotel is clean and the staff is very friendly and extremely helpful . the location is great . one block to the mag mile and about N blocks to the red line subway station . the only problems we had were that our room was not ready when we arrived and we were told it would be about an hour and they would call us on the cell phone when ready . we stopped back an hour and a half later and the room still was not ready . about an hour after that we still had not received a call . stopped back again and the room was still not ready . they were however able to get us into another room at that time . the other problem is that the hotel does not really have a restaurant and they do not have a cocktail lounge . the breakfast buffet room on the Nth floor is lame and overpriced . we ate there the first morning and never went back . overall a pleasant sheraton experience . philip the doorman is the best ! 
we just got back from a N night stay at this hotel and i thought it was great ! the decor is very modern , the rooms were clean with comfy beds and large walk-in showers and the staff was friendly . they had free internet in-room and we used the business center to print boarding passes before we left . the location was just a few blocks from michigan avenue , with great bus routes closeby , plus there are some good restaurants right around the block . no , the rooms aren ' t huge but our queen room had plenty of space for us . 
i stayed at the chicago monaco on halloween night N . the location is great . easy walking to shops restaurants not far from the bus stop . as usual the monacos are beautifully decorated . we enjoed excellent service an evening wine reception . the restaurant south water kitchen had served a wonderful breakfast a delightful staff . they are a pet friendly hotel as well . they offer a business center which allows free access to the internet . the rooms are a little larger than normal . i would return with out hesitation . ka snodgrass aaa travel
i spent one evening at this hotel on a business trip . the suite rooms are very spacious and the set up was good . pros convenient location to o ' hare and all state arena convenient access to trains to o ' hare and downtown chicago large glass shower business area was easy to use decent restaurants and bar areas starbucks on site cons no bathtub ( didn ' t bother me ) very hot exercise area utilitarian pool area fine for business travelers seeking exercises , wouldn ' t recommend for families good value . 
clean rooms , reasonable price , reasonably quiet - providing you get a room that doesn ' t face onto the main highway behind the building . liked the pool on the roof . its a little way out of the center , but handy for the sears tower . well served by cta metro ( N . N from airport direct to hotel ! ) and by chicago free trolleys . not much choice of resturants nearby , but hotel cafe ok for breakfast . 
enjoyed three nights at dana from august N - N . the hotel is very modern , perfectly located , clean and well priced . we managed to get it at N cdn per night . problems we encountered the room was very small and dark . we were on the backside of the hotel and the window was only a patio door . made the room depressing , but we did not spend much time in the room during the day . room was also not well positioned . the tv was facing the side of the bed , rather than at the foot . as there was no sitting area , watching tv was difficult . finally , the dana advertised that a continental breakfast was included in the price . they cancelled the breakfast starting august Nrd but failed to tell anyone . very misleading . the good part the staff is very friendly . the concierge ( aleksandra ) was extremely helpful and spot on with her restaurant recommendations . she even tried to make up for the cancelled breakfast by offering a complimentary bottle of wine from the room . by the way , the bar fridge selection in the room is good and well priced . excellent ipod speakers in the room . at this price , i would stay again , but get a room in the front of the building . 
stayed there for a week and was extremely impressed by the staff , who made this probably our best hotel stay ever . by our second day there , the doormen greeted us by name as we came and went and remembered little details about where we said we were going . the concierge was very friendly and super helpful , arranging nice tours and getting us awesome seats for a musical . the room was small , but the floor-to-ceiling windows made it feel much bigger than it was . we enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries that were waiting for us when we got to the room . the separate tub ( it was huge ) and shower were nice , too . the restaurant had good food at suprisingly reasonable prices . the hotel location was fairly good we were able to walk to some places , but mostly took cabs . overall , though , it ' s the staff that made sutton place top notch . 
yesterday there was a huge power outage in the chicago area . all hotels were booked solid . since we are platinum premier members , i called marriott to locate a room . this was the only place available , other than downtown or gurnee ( we live on the northshore near winnetka wilmette ) . anyway , checked in with edward and received an " upgraded " room which was larger ( and we have N small kids ) . the room was super far on the other side of the hotel , and it was horrible ! it wrecked of a staleness . the carpets were filthy as my sons allergies began to startup . just awful ! i called and requested a room change . they gave us the same tired room on a different floor . i requested a " reinvented remodeled room " and the indicated that they were out . the rooms were going for N per night , but we could use points since my husband travels alot . he has been loyal to marriott for years ! when i told the manager amber ( i believe this is her name ) , she could not provide a new room . . . . so we left ! ! i told her that my family cannot sleep in that awful room and to return our points ! we operate on principal , for N , this place is substandard and nothing even close to marriott standards . and to use reward points doesn ' t matter ---my husband earned those points through travel and being away from our family , we don ' t use these arbitrarily ! for the cost of the room , one can stay in rhe same type room at the ritz or the four seasons ( for perspective ) . anyway , the hotel is very dated . reviewed the room service menu and it ' s limited and does not have a kids menu -- you have to tell room service and they will provide the options for kids . parking is N for overnight guests -- this is chicago ! i imagine that if you have a redone room and were with marriott rewards , and were flying into chicago and had business to attend to across the street , then this hotel may work . if not , look elsewhere as i cannot recommend it at all ! we did not stay here . after the episode with the manager , we checked out and decided to wing it at home . we lit candles in the dark and had cold showers this morning --- and it was still better than staying in that outdated facility that they are calling a marriott property ! ugh ! 
we stayed at the union league club for a wedding and found the accommodations to be adequate . the room was a little small but nice . the rest of the hotel could use a little updating , although the ballroom for the wedding reception was the nicest i ' ve ever been to and the reception was superb from start to finish . the bar restaurant on the Nth floor had good food and was a good value . i didn ' t care for the service charge that was tacked on to the nightly rate and parking was very expensive , although that is probably standard for this area of the city . the hotel is in a great location . there is a strict dress code and i wish that the reservations clerk had mentioned it so that we could have been prepared for brunch the next day . 
the swissotel has everything going for it and should be ranked higher . location perfect . it s right by the chicago river and it s proximity to lake shore drive , makes for a quicker cab ride to the airport or north to wrigley field . there are few buildings between the swissotel and lake michigan , making for gorgeous views , yet you are in the heart of it all . the michigan avenue bridge is only two blocks away . grant park and navy pier are also a short walk . rooms if you can swing it , get a corner suite . because the building is a triangular shape , you get a sweeping view that is absolutely stunning . a lot of windows , but nice light-tight drapes for a good nite sleep . tasteful modern decor and roomy . the bathroom and bedroom are separated by a good distance . the beds are heavenly . views from a corner suite , you can see the navy pier , millenium fountain s hourly water arch across the chicago river , lake michigan the harbor , buckingham fountain and part of millenium park . we were lucky enough to see the N Npm fireworks show from our window that are set from navy pier on the weekend . staff has that midwestern charm . the bell hops and front desk personnel are very helpful and friendly . i did not hear a peep out of housekeeping who were respectful . misc . every third floor has an ice machine . the Nth and Nth floors for example have ice . the location of the machine is in an isolated room , i m assuming to drown out the noise . it was a little creepy at night . guys won t care , women may feel a little ill at ease , but could certainly call room service . the staff is quite accommodating . in the lobby the hotel offers complimentary water , which may not sound like much , but the ice cold jugs have freshly cut fruit in them such as melon or strawberries . the restaurant in the hotel is the palm which has several locations nationwide and serves up a good steak . if you take a river architecture cruise , the guides will point out the swissotel as one of architect harry weese s triangle obsessed marvels . i was very impressed with this hotel and its staff . i m looking forward to more visits in the future and i highly recommend the swissotel to anyone traveling to chicago . 
this hotel is set in the perfect location and they must have spent months hiring all the staff . they are all so friendly and polite . the food at state and lake is amazing ! bacon burger . . . . mmmmmmmmmmmm ! from arriving with rudy in valet , then matt the best bellman i have ever seen in my N years of constant travel and hotel stays to annie at the desk that checked me in with a smile and a warm cookie ! everyone else i ran into was so approachable and friendly . but anything we had a question about or needed help with we went back to matt . he was so knowledgeable about chicago ( and the world for that matter ) and made us feel like more than just guests of a hotel . i believe we made a true friend . checkout was a breeze with onni . and we will definately make thewit a permenant chicago based home whenever we visit . rooms are very clean and so modern . everything was perfect ! 
i have stayed at the hilton right next store . these hotels are similar . parking is expensive , however . it costs N . N a day for valet parking and N if you park your own car--N . N more if you have an suv . hotel service is friendly- room is very clean . modern bathroom . 
we got really lucky on priceline and got the chicago hilton . truly a historic marvel . we were in awe when we walked in since we weren ' t expecting much . you should get a tour . we were lucky - the manager greeted us in the morning and kindly offered a personal tour . the swimming pool is very nice ( free ) and so is the gym ( N day ) . our room was just ok . the beds were small - we asked for N doubles . it caters to conventions so i think the double beds might be undersized to accommodate those who want to share rooms . also , the room was quite warm and we couldn ' t get it to cool . but this place is an experience and right across from grant park . memorable time ! 
we recently stayed at the hotel for one night in order to park and fly out of o ' hare . the hotel far exceeded our expectations . the room was nice and clean . the shuttle was waiting right outside the door and we were able to leave our car for N days . the price could not be beat . i recommend this hotel the next time you are flying out of o ' hare . 
from the moment that we arrived ( at N a . m . and after a long cold evening of travel ) , we were greeted and treated like royalty from the desk manager , milton , and staff . we three couples booked the " adventure " on travelzoo and were not sure what to expect from a hotel that was under renovation . let me tell you that the rooms , comfort of the beds , decor , snacks , attention to detail in directions , suggestions for resturants , shopping and area attractions , anything and everything that we asked of the staff , was all first class ! the preformance of ' wicked ' and devon ' s seafood resturant were supreme ! i was amazed how the staff remembered our names and welcomed us back after each outing . we can hardly wait to return to the ' family ' at the affinia ! milton made our visit extremely memorable ! thank you ! 
we stayed at the affinia because of a N deal which had to be prepaid with no cancellation refunds . the junior suite was very spacious although the furniture was a bit of a jumble . waits for elevators . had to pay for everything extra - high rates for internet , N water , N usa today , spa fees ridiculous . coffee provided in lobby until N only on weekdays . the location was great for sightseeing , but there aren ' t many restaurant options within walking distance - gino ' s east next door if you like deep dish pizza ( we don ' t ) and marcus samuelsson ' s c-chop in the hotel itself didn ' t seem like a very happening place - i ' d find a place closer to the river next time . i do have to commend them , though , for refunding a night ' s lodging when we had to come in a day late due to hurricane irene , although the people at the desk questioned it a bit on checkout ( i had called the day before we were to check in after rebooking my canceled flight hoping for an upgrade and was told we ' d be refunded despite the non refundable booking ) . also , it ' s a pet friendly hotel - nice to see dogs in the elevator . 
to begin with i made the mistake of booking through an internet booking site , thus paying N more than most of the guests for the same or lesser rooms . my fault , not the hotel ' s , but it doesn ' t help . while the website advises that the hotel is " close to union station " it is in fact a full mile away . check-in was awful we arrived around noon and were allowed to store our bags until the Npm check-in time , about which they were very strict by Npm , the lobby was filled with over N people who had arrived at various times during the afternoon but were not permitted to check in until exactly Npm . the rooms have no irons or ironing boards no mini bar no microwave things you ' d get standard even at a much cheaper roadside location . each room had a radiator and an air conditioning unit build into the window such that the window could not be opened this became a problem during the night when the power in the room failed in the stifling heat . the desk clerk responded to my complaint that the circuits were overloaded and nothing could be done . that ' s probably true the overhead light switch in the room sparked when i switched it ! at one point during the day at least one of the elevators got stuck and a guest had to climb out . the free " high-speed " internet is so slow that a short video would take close to an hour to download . the shelf over the sink in our bathroom was broken , leaving absolutely no place to store toothbrushes , etc . water pressure in the shower was poor ( although we were on a high floor in this N-storey building ) . we expected a complimentary continental breakfast , as their website advertised this , but when we got there , they told us they ' d stopped doing that - although that ' s one of the features i ' d paid for . the location is excellent - a block from the cta red line and a block or so from buckingham fountain - in a very noisy but busy and safe area of the city . despite the check-in fiasco and their inability to fix the power outages , the staff was very friendly and tried to be helpful . the " fully equipped " business center consisted of one computer and a non-functioning printer . this place was so much cheaper than anything else in the city , i should have realized it was too good to be true . i ' d recommend it , because for the difference in price i ' d volunteer to suffer . it ' s a glorified hostel , and if you can deal with that , this place is ok . 
we stayed here for four nights after getting a good deal on lastminute . com and honestly could not fault it in anyway , the staff were pleasent and courteous ( the concierge in particular was helpful in booking us a river cruise ) , with check in swift and hassle free , we had a spacious partial river view room with an extremely comfortable bed and an excellent power shower , we were room only so cannot comment on the hotel food but einstiens bagels is only a block away and was very reasonable for breakfast . in terms of location we got a blue line train from terminal N at o ' hare straight into park and lake ( about Nmins ) and the hotel was only a Nminute walk away , about N minutes walks you to the mag mile one way and to the shops of north state street the other ( filenes , old navy , macys etc ) . the house of blues was just across the road which is a must see and there are plenty of bars and restaurants in close proximity
this hotel was absolutely perfect ! i traveled with two of my good friends and we got a great rate for a fairly large room ! we had a king sized bed and a sofabed and two large tvs a stereo . it was clean , and the staff was friendly and helpful . after we checked in , they called to make sure the room was okay ! the location was also perfect not even N minutes from michigan avenue and within easy walking distance of navy pier ! the room ended up being N split N way ! i would recommend this to anyone staying in chicago . 
we stayed here for N nights recently and had a fantastic trip . the hotel ' s location is the biggest plus--so close to so many amazing restaurants and lots of great shopping . the free breakfast and supper were a huge hit with our N kids , although it was quite busy , especially at breakfast time . however , there was always lots of food being replenished . the pool was a big hit with our kids , and they didn ' t complain at all about the temperature . staff was helpful and friendly , the rooms were very clean and spacious . the kitchenette with full fridge , microwave , dishwasher etc . was great ! parking is expensive , but so are all the chicago hotels downtown . we will definitely go back here . 
the lobby was really clean and looked very much more high quality than i expected for the price . upon arriving at our room it appeared to be clean and included a refrigerator . there was a small sitting area with two small couches and double beds , which was perfect since we were not really close to public transportation . typically i like to stay closer to the trains , but parking was free and there is not much going on in this neighborhood so i probably won ' t recommend walking last at night alone for the average tourist . 
the room ( king loft ) , the library , the coffee bar , the books , the games , the public express room service , the pump room , the pump room photos , the bicycles , the neighborhood and most of all the friendly , helpful and happy staff ! all earned our love from hello . will return again and again . 
first time visit to the ritz carlton chicago , travel with wife and N kids . we had N deluxe adjoing rooms , very confortable beds ( four seasons bed ) , good size rooms , ample bathroom with premium amenities . service at the highest standard - four seasons - always with a smile and ready to help . the lobby area has a beautiful water fountain that provides serenity and peace while having breakfast nearby or enjoying a drink in the bar , also next to the fountain . the hotel is on top of a mall with N stores , with a few restaurants and deli ' s in the base floor . everything is close to the hotel , restaurants , bestbuy , american girl store . its like being in Nth ave n . y . , without the noise and hasle of n . y . , very quiet city with nice and respectful people . we enjoyed the ritz carlton and would recommend to friends and family . 
i stayed at the affinia during the weekend of january Nth and january Nth . this was a very wonderful hotel . the front desk staff was wonderful and always curtious and polite . just about everytime i either left the hotel or came into the hotel the front desk called me by name and even remembered where i was coming from ! ! this may be a bit different then the experience others had , but i stayed in the penthouse suite . it was quite nice and had everything one would need for a great stay . as you can see from the pictures i had a private balcony , livingroom , very large bathroom with both soaking tub and N person shower and a nice sized bedroom with king sized bed . the views were breathtaking and i purposly left all the blinds open at night so i could sleep under the city lights . now , don ' t get me wrong , some of the furnishings were a bit outdated and not brand new , but i really didn ' t care much about that . the service and location make up for that easily ! and that brings me to my next point about this hotel . the location ! you are one block off of michigan ave right next to nordstrom . it is a short walk to water tower place and the chicago river . this hotel was everything i expected and more ! if you are thinking whether or not to stay at this hotel i would highly advise you trying it out . let me point out one thing though . this isn ' t a super fancy dancy hotel , but you aren ' t paying through the nose for a room either . if you are going downtown and want to stay off the strip for a reasonable price , this hotel is for you ! the service will be great and the room will suit your needs fine . 
i read mostly good reviews about this place and i agree . i know , the rooms are small . so what ? i guess they should advertise this on their website or something . because of you take the room size out of the equation , everything else is above expectations . i mean even the room size is not a big deal , granted we don ' t have any kids and did not have a lot of luggage . but i mean if you go there and you know you most likely are going to have a smaller room then it ' s not such a big deal . from the moment you walk into the hotel you feel the difference , the smell , feel and look of everything is really well thought out . check in was nice and quick . our room was wonderful , it ' s nicely decorated , i loved the new bed and linen , i loved the desk and tv . there was something special about that room . the bathroom was again on the small side of things but still very nice . i liked it . they don ' t have coffee in the room but they have complimentary coffee in the lobby all morning long . if you ' re reading this review you know the hotel is in a good location . there is a parking right across the street on clark street that is N dollars for N hours . not bad for chicago . i got this hotel on priceline but i will not hesitate to book it again without priceline in the future . i am looking forward to trying their spa with my wife . go to the hotel felix , you won ' t regret it . 
i love the suite because you get the additional room . tvs in both the living room and bedroom , not that we used them so much , but nice to have . the complimentary buffet makes the morning so easy . the food was good and there was a good variety . the doorman and concierge were great help ! 
this hotel has an excellent location on chicago ' s golden mile and is within reach of all the major sites , especially the main shopping area . i stayed in the historic tower on one of the upper floors in february N . the water pressure is not great so high up , and it took about Nmin to fill the bath-if you like baths ! otherwise the room was comfortable and very clean . however , it was obviously partitioned off from a larger area with the usual problems of sound insulation from the room next door . the room was clean and reasonably well decorated , but in a rather N-Ns style with heavy drapes and large furniture needed e . g . to contain a large screen old style crt tv . the hotel has a really serious swimming pool ( at least N yds long ) which is kept well and appears to be in the original Ns ( ? ) decor-it is really a great place . the pool is free to guests , although the fitness room if used costs extra . the standard of service in the hotel was excellent , staff were always polite and seemed to observe the rule that the guest was always right . i had a cheap deal on this hotel as a result of a large conference block booking-around N dollars a night and for this it was a good deal . i guess such rates would only apply to such large block bookings , but if you can get a good deal , i would recommend staying here-especially if you like swimming ! . if not , and you are looking for more style , more modern decor etc you should consider other nearby places-the sheraton looked swankier-but probably much more expensive ? 
the beds are soo comfortable . travel quite often and i count these beds as one of only two hotels i have stayed in that have had beds this comfy . couldn ' t beat the view either . looking right at the hancock building out our window . didn ' t interact with staff much but the little we did was helpful . they even provided bandaids for my poor feet after buying new sandals ) very clean , very quiet . have recommended this hotel to family members already . only downside was that the breakfast options were a bit pricey for us , but plenty of options just a stroll down the street . 
unfortunately this trip was to attend a funeral , so it wasn ' t the best of circumstances . but thanks to the reviews on this site , we picked the holiday inn-midway airport . what a nice hotel ! new , very clean , and the service was outstanding . we called for extra hangars and pillows and they were delivered to our room within N minutes . and then the front desk phoned to make sure we had received what we requested . we were very impressed . the beds were very comfortable and the rooms were large . nice big flat screen tv with free hbo and a lot of other channels . small heated swimming pool and nice exercise room . our only criticism was of the in-hotel restaurant . the food was pretty awful there . but after our first experience , we found other restaurants very close by , so it was not really inconvenient . overall , a very pleasant stay . 
wow . . . a hard one to review . bbb rating was good . reviews were iffy due to some complaints . however , i decided to book anyway due to higher rates at other hotels during a sold out time period . i received a wholesale rate through resorts plus international even though the area was busy . the only complaint i have is the rooms were a little out dated . but the staff were friendly and accomodating . 
i stayed here the week of the insane heat wave that hit much of the us in july . i think it was N during the day , and in the Ns at night . my room was on the very top floor in the old tower , and the ac couldn ' t keep up . i had the thermostat set at N , and it was probably closer to N in the room . i mentioned this to the staff several times during my stay , and they temporarily fixed it twice , but i just gave up . the hallways to my room were oppressively hot . aside from the temperature issues , the hotel was great and i would definitely stay there again . the location is great , tons of bars and restaurants near by . 
i am a frequent traveler and hilton honors member . i normally stay at the hilton palmer house but wanted to be near northwestern so opted for the hilton suites . i was pleasantly surprised with my stay given reviews i had read prior to booking . the staff was very friendly . my suite was on an upper floor , very clean and i was happy with the size and layout . the bedroom , bathroom and living room area were all completely separate rooms with doors . i did not eat at the restaurant or go up to the pool so cannot comment regarding the other amenities . it was nice in the morning to have a small coffee shop available in the lobby area . i would stay here again and would recommend it to others , especially those with children for the price . 
i stayed for one night in october on the first leg of my multi city trip . as my plans had changed at almost the last minute i hadn ' t had a chance to notify the hotel that i was cutting my trip short . when i confirmed this at check in the desk clerk immediately asked if there was something they could do to change my mind . i explained that my trip plans had changed and he then offered me the choice of two rooms that were available , making a recommendation as to which he thought was best . this turned out to be a room in the west tower which is by far the quietest room choice . i made my way to my room and pretty much instantly ordered room service . this arrived within N mins and when i requested an additional condiment this was bought back up within N mins . the rooms are a good size with comfortable beds and pillows you literally sink into . the location is excellent for me as my office is within a ten minute walk . it s also within minutes of the magnificent mile for anyone looking to shop . my one disappointment was the fact there is an additional charge for wifi . 
i was surprised after all the horrible reviews to see that the hotel wasn ' t a complete hole . my brother booked the hotel , and i checked here to see how it rated . i was expecting to come into a rediculously bad room , but it was just more of a joke than anything . the bathroom is about the size of the closet , the bed was too close to the dresser , and you couldn ' t open it , and the stairs were closed . other than that , it wasn ' t too bad ! the rooms were fairly clean ( dusty , but tidy at least ) and the bed was comfortable . considering we were doing a lot of sight-seeing and were hardly at the hotel , it was perfect . 
hi friends i stayed for one night at the congress plaza hotel the weekend of may the Nst , i will explain why we only stayed one night later . after reading all of the reviews i was soooo scared of staying at the congress . i expected bugs , no a c , a dirty bathroom , dirty bed . . . i expected yuckiness to the Nth power . needless to say , i saw none of it . we had a lake view king on the Nth floor . the view was great ! the room and bathroom were clean . the park was across the street . the floors were clean . flat screen tv on the wall . the elevator doors look original . looks like where the rat pack might have stayed . it is not modern there is no hd tv it does not have floor to ceiling windows . it is not swanky or posh the only reson we stayed on night was because of the picketers . my bf just couldn ' t do it . crossing the picket line felt horrible . they have been picketing for N years . if you google it you will see why . so , if you want a clean room , clean bed , clean bathroom , a tv , a view of the lake and park and don ' t mind crossing the picket line . then stay here . but because of the picketers i just can not recommend it . 
this hotel is located minutes from the midway airport . it is staffed by very friendly and helpful people . it was so nice to be able to start the day well rested and full . the beds were comfortable and the rooms were quiet . the breakfast was very tasty and had many choices . 
this hotel is in a good location close to the lake and parks . also easy to get to the red and orange line . the rooms are comfortable but the cooling and heating system is not regulated by the guest . it is one unit and the hotel decides if ac should be on . i checked in at N Npm and the room was N degrees . it was like that most days out of my N day stay . at night with the window open ( and all the street noise coming in ) the room would get down to N maybe . 
we stayed at the palomar in chicago for two nights in early july and then returned for an additional night after some days in michigan . it is a very nice hotel with a decent swimming pool and is conveniently located . it was easy to come in from the airport on the subway , though unfortunately the station nearby was working on it ' s escalator , making coming up the stairs with heavy luggage a problem . the staff at the front desk is super helpful and recommended several good restaurants and sightseeing options . they booked our architectural boat tour , which was one of the best things we did in chicago . we would definitely stay there again . 
big fancy conference type hotel , maybe about N blocks from michigan ave -easily walkable to shopping . we stayed in the higher floors , the room was very clean and modern for the most part . no mini fridge but ice machine nearby . the room provided a bottle of water but i didn ' t touch it since i would imagine they they would charge you N for it ? didn ' t have time for swimming but the indoor lap pool looked decent although the water looked a little merky . . there is a pool towel boy check in desk before you enter so you would think he would have time to check the chemicals once in awhile . nice outdoor deck looking over the river . tip free internet at the internet cafe down in the basement area . a block across from the hotel is a domicks grocery , walgreens , amc theater game place , its about a N minute walk to the navy pier and millinium park . i would suggest taking a cab to millinium park-its walkable but had to go through a long under pass and it smelled like urine and it was creepy . 
this was my Nrd or Nth stay at the talbott . i really do love this hotel . the location is only N blocks from the chicago state red line stop . N blocks from michigan ave and the hancock tower . over the last N years since i started staying at the talbott when in chicago , i feel the value for the dollar isn ' t as good as it was . but this is understandable . it is a great hotel , so is on par with other hotels charging similar rates . you used to get passes to the fitness formula club ( gold coast location ) a short few blocks away , but now they give you passes to the equinox club which is actually closer on michigan ave . however , the fitness formula club was way better . it was much bigger and had a huge selection of equipment . so this is disappointing . free internet is very reliable . never once had any problem . next time i ' m in chicago , even though i love the talbott , i think i might try something else since the same money can buy other hotels rated just as high on trip advisor . 
second stay at a chicago hilton this summer . both rooms were dark with cost saver yellow lighting looked out at other rooms , not at the street or sky were huge but only partially furnished and were ice cold - even with air cond off . lobby ' s nice , room ' s not up to par with pleasant rooms at other hotels . these rooms will make you want to go home for sure . 
i really enjoyed staying at this hotel . it offered everything i was looking for and made my stay in chicago one of the best . thank you for the lovely accomodations ! 
the only issue we had with this hotel was the valet . it ' s a zoo getting the car . great room for a great price on hotwire . com . 
my finance i visited chicago over labor day weekend stayed at the hyatt regency . i have stayed there before it ' s a very trendy hotel . the location is great ( even though it ' s on the south side of the river ) , with the ability to walk to grant park , down michigan avenue , and to navy pier . positives location , price ( if booked on-line in advance ) , rooms are updated have a mini frig w a fully stocked bar , an air purifier , comfortable beds , and the restuarants bars w in the hotel . the big bar is great for happy hour , however , very , very , trendy after N Npm . there ' s a convenience store next to the hotel and during the winter when it ' s cold , snowy , etc . ( the underground walkways are very convenient to get around in a several block area ) . improvement no pool or spa . you have to walk to the gym pay N a day to use it . the hip-hop bar on the weekends in the lobby with a long line mostly mid-N year olds , makes the hotel lobby extremely loud ( i feel sorry for the front desk staff ) . i recommend it to business travelers weekend get aways . not good for kids . 
decided to cruise down to chi-town for a long weekend as a little road trip to get out of this crazy city . checked with my friends on tripadvisor and found the majestic mile hampton that looked pretty good and was priced pretty reasonably . . . so i booked it . upon arriving , w monroe street was under some crazy renovation . . . so watch the pot holes and exposed manhole covers . the valet guys are really confusing but kind of funny and nice . expect to pay N night for valet ( or parking anywhere in the city ) with in and out priveledges . there are homeless people sleeping in the parking garage so they make you take out your electronics and sign a waiver . . . i guess it ' s expected anywhere in any major metro city . we were in a nice N sports car and didn ' t have any problems so i wouldn ' t worry about it . reception is on the Nth floor - angel at the front desk is awesome . . . really nice ! checking is a breeze and we stayed on the Nth floor . not much of a view since we faced an office building but i didn ' t really care . room is neat with pumpkin orange walls with high ceilings ( N ft ? ) . we had N double beds with a N inch samsung flat screen tv . did the bed bug test and didn ' t see anything . the mattresses actually looked pretty new but were a little too soft for my liking . sheets were crisp and clean and unsoiled . bathrooms are clean with a granite counter top and nice hot and powerful shower . no complains on the room . . . nothing fancy but super clean , comfortable , and nice . fitness centre is ' meh ' . it ' s free N N . . . N treadmills , N eliptical , a cable station , and balance ball . they all have tvs built in so bring your headphones or use theirs with ' supplied ear covers ' that were out of stock when i was there . i think that ' s kind of nasty anyway . . . who wants to wear some sweaty old headphones ? dang . . . ice is available on every floor and drink vending machines are on every Nnd floor . free breakfast ! a lot of free breakfasts are i but this one is decent . there are waffles , potatoes , bacon , english muffins , toast , cheese danishes , apple danishes , fresh fruit , apples , bananas , oranges , raisin bran , cheerios , another bran cereal , blueberry muffins , decaf , robust , regular coffee , and herbal teas . also a juice dispencer with apple , orange , and a mango guava juice ( i think ) . a nice perk is that coffee , tea , and some fruit is available complimentary N N in the lobby . i made some good use of it ! there are also pre-bagged breakfasts at the front desk if you have to grab one to go . two computers located in the lobby for internet access but i didn ' t use them since there is free wifi . overall , i ' d totally recommend . clean , safe , convenient . . . can ' t ask for more . to put the cherry on the sundae , it ' s right downtown . you can walk to food , the skydeck , willis tower , and many of the other attractions . and if you like shopping , you can get to state street where shopping starts . there is a forever N right on the corner followed by a t-mobile , huge macy ' s , cartier , disney store , puma . . . . chicago is a great city that everyone should see . it ' s layed out nicely with fantastic architecture and such a great character to it . the stuffed deep dish pizza is a must . only caution is that in the downtown area on friday and saturday there are a lot of people asking for money at dawn and later . . . . but even so , i felt safe . 
my wife and i stayed at the palmer house for one night . we scored a great rate through hotwire . we checked in on a friday afternoon . i expected the hotel to be busy since it was a holiday weekend . in addition , college football was at soldier field . the line at registration was fairly long . but it moved quickly . our room was on the Nth floor . the floor was recently rennovated . overall , the room was nice . it had two beds and two bathrooms . nice linens . what i don ' t understand is why the bathroom fixtures were of holiday inn quality . the rest of the room was done at the palmer house level of quality . kind of weird . we contacted housekeeping to have the linens changed due to allergies . they were changed promptly . the hotel is still undergoing rennovation . overall , another nice stay at the palmer house . 
i would like to compliment the talbott hotel after my incredible stay . my room was beautiful , roomy and luxurious . the talbott staff was very friendly , especially office manager sarah yates , who answered every question and went out of her way to make my stay one of the best in chicago . this truly is a five star hotel with an excellent location . i will make this hotel , my hotel of choice in chicago and you should too . 
the great location is my favorite aspect of this hotel . just steps off michigan ave . , and very near the red line subway . staff was friendly , rooms are small , but the sheets and pillows are heavenly . bathroom is also nice . they even had books in the room for you to look at . would definitely stay again . 
my friend and i stayed here for lollapalooza and it was in such a great location close to many attractions . we were able to walk wherever we wanted and the parking garage was close as well as much cheaper than many others . our first night we were in a suite and wow ! but when we had to go back to our original room it was very nice as well . all staff was helpful and there were no issues even with our late check in . for the location the price was also affordable . our only complaint was the overly firm beds . all in all , we ' d definitely stay here again ! 
great location for sightseeing , shopping , nightlife , anything important for the windy city ! the staff is more than nice , happy to give advice , help with the luggage and birng additional cosmetics in a minute . well . . . i guess the best luck that we have ever had when bidding for the hotel . i would recommend it for both business and private trips . 
my daughter and i came for a very short weekend and i was hoping for a carefree one . although i made it clear i was a light sleeper and needed a quiet area of the hotel , we ended up in a corner that allowed me absolutely no sleep with all the ambulances blaring all night . no problem . . . they adjusted my bill and moved us to a different corner and higher floor for the second night . perfection ! room service dinner the first night was not a success and the room smelled from the fish most of the night . no problem . . . they adjusted the bill and the second night we ordered their ' design your own ' pizza . don ' t miss it ! without reservation i say it is the best i ' ve had anywhere ! if you require a firmer bed , do ask for the boards they are happy to place under the mattresses . finally , believe the concierge when he she says it would be prudent to order your shedd aquarium tickets online . i was absolutely astounded by the N N-mile long line when we got there . of course , with tickets in hand , we walked right in . finally , do sign up ( free ) for the select member program as this allows you free in-room internet access as well as a choice of beverages ( and a lovely cup of yogurt ) delivered to your room ( free ) in the morning . i can ' t wait to come back ! 
stayed recently for a conference and paid usN per nite . i had requested beforehand for , and was assured at reception upon check-in that my room was one of the newer , upgraded ones . but turned out to be an old room . as it was already past midnite , i didn ' t bother to complain . i shall not repeat the other reviewers ' comments about the smallness of the room and toilet , shocking lack of room fridge ( for a purportedly premier property ) ) and general tiredness of the property . if i do return to chicago , which is a great city , i really see no compelling reason to stay in the palmer again . 
my husband and i were in the palmer house hilton for five nights . i had read some reveiws previous to our stay . boy , were they off the money . don ' t fall for the negative reviews you see . the staff and concierges were wonderful . they were attentive to our needs and fulfilled them prefectly . the hotel was always very clean as well as our room . the beds were so comfy it was like being at home with our high count sheets and feather bed . the sound of the trains was faint so that was not an issue . the hotel was situated to alot of sights as well as resturants . we also walked to alot of places . if i ever go back to chicago i will definetly choose the famous palmer house hilton again . 
stayed at the hotel monaco for the very first time the weekend of november N . having never heard anything - good or bad - about the property , i had no idea what to expect . what a delight ! everything was excellent all the way around - from the decor , the impeccable maid service , friendly front desk staff ( thanks , mark ! ) , delicious food in the restaurant , great downtown location to the goldfish friend to keep us company ! as a suburbanite who often commutes into the city for events and a way to escape , i ' ve found a real gem that i ' ll visit again . be sure to sign up for their intouch loyalty program . this free membership gave us N towards a mini-bar purchase as well as free internet . 
just spent N nights at the hard rock on a wistle stop tour in chicago at the start of a tour around the usa . the best thing about the hotel is the location which is just over the river on michigan ave only a couple of hundreds yards form all the serious shopping on the magnificant mile . the rooms are of a good size for a city centre hotel and are pretty comfortable as long as you stay as high as you can due to road noise . the room service food was poor and quite expensive but if you avoid this your stay will be enjoyable . one thing me wife did not like was the fact that the rooms are poorly lit so it made getting ready ( make up etc ) a little tricky . things to make sure you experince in chicago include the shedd aquarium , the river tour and the cheesecake factory below hancock tower . 
stayed at the hyatt for business . took a cab to hotel . don ' t know if the subway will get you close to hotel . checked in went smooth even thought hotel was very busy . i had a room with a wonderful view of the river and the navy pier . room was clean and bed comfortable . this is a business hotel during the week , but can see how it would be a good tourist hotel also . i like the service and prompt attention . you can check out via phone , menu on tv or down at the the desk . there are limited places to eat around hotel but walk down wacker and there are lots of choices . ask at the front desk . there is an underground area with all kinds of places to eat . . starbucks , fast food , etc . connected to the west tower . enjoyed my stay and would return . 
i was very happy with the room and the N service they had . i think this is a great deal , if you ' re on the budget , and need mainly sleeping amenities . the parking is free , and the lot is fenced . we walked everywhere , to the hancock and the navy pier . kids had a blast for breakfast at the next door mcdonalds - which is the cleanest , and the best one i ' ve ever been to - with the museum and interactive stuff they have . the N hrs walgreens , two blocks down , was also very useful . this location is great , the kids were so excited to be in the middle of everything . in spite of the winter weather it was easy to have them walking around . there was an attraction on each block they walked on , like rainforest cafe , or the portillo ' s and barnelli ' s restaurant . the purpose for our chicago visit was to visit the downtown and the museums , and this hotel was awesome for our needs . 
found hotel on internet . looked up reviews and decided to book it . excellent choice . great location , easy to get around . comfortable room , especially bed . staff very helpful . conciege makes great suggestions re whats happening in the city . we took his advice and had a great time , both at a restaurant and show . will definately be back too chicago and will stay again at same millenium knickerbocker hotel . 
before arriving the room was booked on priceline at a very reasonable rate . the hotel was very centrally located downtown in a quiet neibourhood . hotel has free wi-fi for guests . the only downfall of this hotel is the size of the rooms . even for a single business traveler , i found the room to be very small . 
we stayed at the hotel for N nights , wish it could have been longer . to my surprise , i was upgraded to a N bedroom suite . . . the only thing missing was a view of lake michigan , but we managed ) my hilton honors membership allowed us access to the executive lounge , which had a stunning view of lake michigan . breakfast in the lounge offered thier famous ' muselli ' along with some wonderful pastries and baked goods , cereals , cheses , lox . . too much to mention ! the lounge is also open for cocktails ( for a fee ) and light appetizers . there seemed to be ample seating available and there was a computer there also . our room was more than spacious . when we opened the door to our room , we were in the foyer , roughly N feet long and N feet wide . on the right side was our living room with a wet bar . . . . there was no way this could be confused with a ' sitting area ' , this truly was a living room with full sofa and lounge chairs . the wet bar was a nice surpise and well used ! our bedroom contained an extrememly comfortable huge bed and another sofa . tv ' s in both rooms . the bathroom reflects the era when the hotel was built . . . walk in shower , soaking tub , mirrored sink , scale , the toilet seemed odd ( especially with the flush handle coming out of the wall ) but all worked well . i was thrilled to have such great housekeepers on our floor . they always took time to say hello and asked if we needed anything . they were getting the suite across the hall from us ready and offered a quick peak at the view of lake michigan . . . nice view , but our room had a seperate bedroom . . . . then . . . one of them said . . . . " go down to the end of the hall in about a half hour , we ' re getting another suite ready and winked . " turns out they were cleaning the " lady dianna " suite . . . . . . and . . . . . i got a sneak peak at that too ! ! ! ! there are so many surprises this hotel holds . the evelators have benches . . . never saw that before ! oh my gosh , our room had a doorbell ! we left something in our car and asked if we could get it out . . turned out it is a N minute walk to the garage . so , when you choose valet parking , please know your car is not being parked in the garage next to the hotel , but down the street . . . the valets were great and deserve any appreciation you can give them . the drake is one of those hotels that will remain in my thoughts as one i can not wait to go back too . yes , having a suite was lovely , but i would not mind having a standard room as well . thank you to all who made our short stay so memorable . 
stayed at the mk with my wife and teenage son for N nights august N -N , N and must say we experienced none of the problems mentioned in earlier negative reviews . we called ahead and requested a room with N beds which was ready even though we arrived at N pm . that was the start of some extremely courteous and efficient service we received from every member of the hotel staff . the room itself was a decent size -- we never felt crowded in it -- and was very clean and tastefully decorated . the beds were comfortable , climate controls worked well and water pressure in the shower was very good . the only negative was our bathroom was extremely small -- you felt cramped even with one person in it . otherwise we thought the rest of the hotel was in very good condition considering its age . the lobby area was nice and the martini bar and adjoining lounge area were very pleasant places to relax and enjoy a drink . plus the location is just great -- a short walk to the oak street beach , water tower place , rush street and dozens of bars , restaurants and shops . we paid N on priceline and thought that was a great value . we have been to chicago on several occasions but our stay at the millenium knickerbocker made this one an especially pleasant trip . we would definitely stay there again . 
my husband and i stayed N nights at the allerton and it has been a great experience , the staff has been very nice and helpful , they upgraded us to a suite , which was grand , the bed was absolutely very confortable . the location is just perfect , in the middle of magnificent mile , were all the shops are and very close to everything . i would definitely reccomend this hotel for a nice stay in chicago . 
just got back from chicago . stayed one night at the hotel N . the hotel is nice , but older . the room was big by chicago standards and it felt lacking in in decor . the views out of our Nth floor windows were fantastic . then there was the bed . i called it the fred flinstone bed . it was so hard and uncomfortable that i was unable to sleep all night . additionally , in the morning my back hurt . i mean really hurt . i thought the location was great , but i doubt i would ever stay here again . 
the allegro was great , very laid back and fun , but with enough quality amenities . my family went on a euro trip in the spring , and got a chance to stay in some pretty nice suites . my kids commented that they liked the allegro way better than any of the euro hotels which included the hilton waldorf london , swissotel istanbul , and westin excelsior rome . pretty cool . really beyond expectations based on how " depriciated " the property became in the final years of the hotel bismark era . the mattress furniture were in good shape , the attitude of staff was superb , and gift bags for kids and dog was a nice touch . i just wish i visited chicago more often . . . 
i have stayed at the james and will continue to stay there . room service is great . toiletries are the best . the vibe is similar to that of chicago , upbeat and unpretentious . trader joe ' s across the street for vino and extra water . i love having a nightcap in the bar or starting the night there . 
the comfort suites in chicago is a perfect location along the magnificint mile . it is close to shops and great restaurants . the room itself was great with a wonderful view of the river and some of the beautiful architecture that chicago is so famous for . one of my colleagues mentioned that she had a washer and dryer in her room . i actually thought she was joking until i opened up one of the doors in my bedroom and saw for myself that there truly was a washer and dryer . how convenient for travellers ! the staff was extremely helpful and i was especially impressed with the doormen . they always had a smile to greet you with and it was obvious they valued exceptional customer service . 
first off , my wife selected this hotel , not only because of its great historic nature , but , because they assured her that , i , who am disabled , would be amply accommodated during my stay , especially for my birthday . well , this did not happen ! our room was located extremely far from the elevators and was very difficult to orient in it was set up very poorly ! it was not at all " disabled friendly " ! for example , no curbside ramps , no commplimentory valet parking for the disabled , which incidentally i had to have valet parking was a whopping N . N a night ! additionally , no cable or satalite tv , no free internet access , no wet bar , no free coffee in the room , not even free continetal breakfast was offered . a mandatory N gratuity for room service is automatically added to room service charges . and this is only a few of the disappointments there are many others ! " pet friendly " wrong , there was a steath and outrageous N . N fee added to the room rate , if you possess a pet this was never mentioned until we checked-in ! we opted to spend good money ( N . N a night ) hoping to be catered to , but all we experienced , was a money sucking vacuum cleaner , with strong suction ! everywhere we turned , there was some sort of charge ! on a positive note , the hotel had comfortable beds . overall , i will never stay here again and i strongly do not recommend this hotel , especially , if you are disabled . chicago has myriads of fine hotels that do not fleece you opt to choose them ! highly disillusioned , robert f . 
 " luxury boutique , " " personalized service " and " spectacular setting " are not just words in the hotel ' s promotional materials , they are a " lifestyle " at the sutton place . they say it is impossible to make a second ' first impression ' and the staff at the front door , the concierge desk and the front desk are genius at accomplishing this . their warmth and hospitality made us feel like we were truly wanted the first time and every time we walked in and out the front door during our stay . david sowell , general manager , and jennifer pfeiffer , director of sales and marketing , were so gracious to meet . our stay was more than marvelous . thank you . 
stayed at swissotel the weekend of oct . Nth . the hotel is in a great location sort of in the middle between millennium park art institute and the shops on michigan avenue . we were able to walk everywhere and even to the train stop , which is maybe N blocks away . at night , it was too cold to walk , so we took cabs , even to places only N mile away . the hotel was simple , clean and didn ' t try to be too trendy or over the top , with mostly business travelers . the double room was spacious and clean . 
we stayed at this hotel for a conference . we were given an accessible room with a " roll-in shower " without a divider between shower floor -- we soon learned this meant a giant puddle in the middle of the bathroom floor that didn ' t dry the entire day . this room would be better used for someone with actual need for accessible accommodations . the room was small and dark , with a dismal view of an alley . but all this isn ' t unexpected for a city hotel what really rankled were the outrageous charges for every single amenity that by all rights should be included in a luxury hotel . internet access was N day ( ! ! is this N ? ) , the daily use of gym cost the same amount ( ! ! ! ) , and i was charged a N handling fee for a package i received at the hotel -- which wasn ' t even delivered to my room i had to actually walk over to shipping to pay for the privilege of being handed my package . it ' s truly disappointing that a landmark hotel should so gracelessly charge for basic amenities . the hotel showed signs of past splendor , but is now just a fancily wallpapered cash cow . staying at a modest holiday inn express , with free internet , gym and breakfast , would have been better . shame on you , hilton . 
despite mixed reviews on this site , my stay here has been wonderful . the staff is courteous and helpful . rooms are small but lovely . meeting rooms were great and internet was complimentary for our group . arrived mid- morning , asked for early check in and a room with a view and was graciously given both ! 
we stayed at this hotel last week for four nights and had a great time . the hotel was clean and the service was great . the reason i am writing this review is just to let others know the wifi was horrendous . the main lobby , the " link " in the lower lobby even in the club lounge on the Nrd floor . i was only able to get on once . the concierge said that it had been that way for months and that i could possibly get a reduced rate for service in my room which seemed like a bit of a scam in my opinion . also found the N pc in the lounge and however many in the links to be quite busy as there were a few conventions going on so while i did use them often had to wait . when wanting to check tour times and set our schedule for the day it did become a bit frustrating . on another note , while i did not attempt to use my cell phone i did hear from a few other guests that they found it difficult to get a signal . all in all this would not deter me from staying here again i just wanted to pass my feedback along . 
this is one of the " famous N hotels " in chicago ( others being the drake and palmer house ) . location is good , although a little far south along grant park if you are wanting to do mostly mag mile activities . but it is a short walk to many train connections . hotel is beautiful , lobby and ballrooms are legendary . i got a cheap ( N ) room on priceline on the start day of a major convention . they did give me a nice lake view framed with shedd adler to the right and burnham harbor in front of me . room was fine , bathroom spacious and quiet overall . only complaint was that a lamp base was broken on the vanity next to my bad , which should have been caught . room as clean enough , and as an honors member there is free bottled water ( not chilled though ) in the room . if you get a good price and plan activities in the loop south loop mag mile , or points west and south , this is a pretty good choice . food in kitty o ' shea ' s ( irish pub off the lobby ) was good and service friendly . pretty pricey , though no surprise there . chicago was great as always ! ! 
the intercontinental chicago is world class--at amazingly low rates ! from the beginning ( checking in with agnieszka szumal--who was polite , professional , personal ) to walking into a fabulous room ( with my wife son ) to enjoying the incredible pool gym ( not to mention the restaurant bars ) to shopping on the magnificent mile ( taking advantage of huge sales ) , our time at this hotel was simply fabulous ( we travel around the world , so we have a lot to compare it to ! ) . the next time you are in the windy city , do yourself a big favour . . . check into the intercontinental chicago ! 
my stay was very enjoyable . the hotel was centrally located . the staff and service provided was excellent . the complimentary full service breakfast was delicious . the cook prepared a delicious omelet . 
my N-year-old daughter and i enjoyed our N-night week-end stay at the conrad . the location is great - at the end of mag mile michigan avenue , connected to nordstrom ' s . the rooms are big for this area , and the bathrooms are nice and spacious . appreciated the separate door to the water closet . we took other readers ' advice and upgraded to the city-view room in hopes of reduced street noise ( these rooms do not face mich ave ) while i don ' t have a comparison , i am a light sleeper and slept very soundly . the fitness center was above average . if memory serves , there were N treadmills , N ellipticals , N stationary bikes , a few weight machines , and a full set of dumbells . i visited the fc at N N a . m . on a saturday and the only wait was for an elliptical . the complimentary aromatherapy pillows are a nice touch , and the eucalyptus offering helped with the travel-induced congestion . also appreciated by both my teenager and me was the complimentary wireless , to which we connected effortlessly . the hotel was at full capacity , but we did not have long waits for elevators as i have had at other area hotels . we did not try the restaurant or room ervice . had this been an adult-trip , the terrace looked like a perfect spot for a post-shopping cocktail . i have stayed at the marriott , wyndham , and embassy suites in the mag mile area , and i would say the conrad was the best of the N , based on its location the style , size and comfort of rooms and overall value . 
this sheraton was one of the best sheratons in which i have stayed . it had a few issues ( room not ready at check-in time , dresser door broken ) but everything was remedied quickly and with a pleasant smile . we just returned from a N night stay there ' d and were very pleased with our choice of hotel . we had a nice view of the chicago river and a portion of lake michigan and did not even request an upgraded view room . we had requested a slightly larger room because we had my son ' s wheelchair to store in the room and we were provided with a larger room which was certainly helpful and welcome since there were four of us staying five nights . the best part of the sheraton was the location . we were walking distance to practically everything in the city - navy pier , mag mile ( michigan ave ) , the loop , grant park , millennium park and even the museum area ( about N . N miles to them but totally walkable ) . we even walked to sears ( willis tower ) and john hancock building . the breakfast buffet at lb bistro was probably the best i ' ve ever had too ! 
the hotel is magnificent and is in an excellent location for doing anything in chicago . i was there for a conference and the facilities were excellent . free wi-fi , which is always good ! the room was clean and the view from the Nth floor was fantastic . friendly and helpful staff . great lobby for having a drink and meeting people . 
this hotel is in perfect location for anything you would like to do downtown . the hotel itself is amazing . i was in the historical tower and the rooms are beyond nice and the views are breathtaking . everyone was very helpful there especially victor at the concierge desk . 
we stayed here for N nights from N november and extended it for a further night . my wife secured the booking online for about usd N per night plus taxes , but because of very strong occupancy ( rsna conference ) we had to pay usd N for last unarranged night . i thought this was very reasonable for a central chicago hotel ( compared to sydney prices this was brilliant value ! ! ) and the weak usd helps us too . we were upgraded to a suite ( i suspect due to us being spg members ) and it was great . sure , there was no view but we focus more on the ability to sleep at night ( ie no noise ) and comfortable bed ( which was great ) . we were on level N of the N level building . big plus was the free wifi broadband internet . free coffee for the perculator also provided . i am not sure if it is the hotel ' s fault as to what tv services they subscribe to but what programs came out of the box in the evening was of very poor quality . hotel is many have said is in a great position - trader joes very handy for all those bits and pieces you need and great value too . my wife was attending two conferences ahead of the rsna one ( she is still in chicago but at a different hotel which had already been booked with another lady ) . so i walked everywhere as it was that handy - to the chicago history museum in the north to millenium park in the south ( take a bow chicagoeans - you have done a wonderful job in creating this - something to be remembered as being created at the turn of the century ) . thanksgiving day it snowed in the morning so i was a happy chappy coming from N degree celcius brisbane heat ! ! ) . we also recommend attending the piano bar - sat right next to the piano player from about Npm to just after midnight - absolutely brilliant ( pity people have to smoke though ! ! ) . this hotel will certainly be our first option when returning to chicago - i cannot understand why others need to pay usdN plus to get a little more . go past this hotel and you enter the state of diminishing returns . 
gorgeous lobby and staircase ! felt like i was walking onto the titanic ! hotel personnel were great and i thoroughly enjoyed " happy hour " ! i enjoyed the " chill " music in the lobby . felt like i was in a nice lounge . ) our room , on the other hand , was a complete turn off . extremely small , inconvenient , tacky decor overload . i guess i get the sizing of the room ( ssssssssooooooo small - N sq . ft . says the website ) since it is an old building but the decor was just fugly ! someone should ' ve mentioned to the " designer " that the darker the paint , the smaller the room appears . a blue room ? seriously ? website states , " design inspired by retro luxury cruise ships " . if they were going for a scene from the N ' s N ' s classic " the love boat " , i think they nailed it . the mirror in the room was useless since it had some dirt-like looking designs on them . i ' m assuming the age of the building had to do with the fact that the bathroom had no exhaust fan . god forbid i took a hot shower ! waiting about N minutes after to use the bathroom mirror was annoying . sink was small , useless , and you had to have the water running slowly otherwise it ' d splash everywhere . our ipod clock didn ' t work but we brought small speakers so we didn ' t miss it much ! the best thing about the room was that it made my husband and i not want to stay in there so we were out all day and night to avoid our roach motel of a room . i suggest you ask for anything but the queen king deluxe room unless you ' re by yourself and like to take cool showers . obtaining internet access is tedious . have to enroll into some loyalty program before gaining access . pretty dead in the area on weekends but thankful for the dunkin ' donuts next door ( hotel doesn ' t offer continental breakfast ) and the transit system , a hop , skip and away ! loved seeing dogs in the hotel but thought it was a tad much to allow dogs to sit on the couches . N-N min walk to michigan ave , N min walk to millennium park so no biggie ! ! ! hotel website states that self-park parking is N with in and out privileges . if you don ' t plan on driving ( my husband and i took cabs ) , then it ' s N without in and out privileges . the hotel is a N out of N , our room was a N out of N ( our bed was comfy at least ! ) . i think we got a good deal with the pricing of the hotel too so all in all , a decent experience . 
dana has surpassed all of my expectations . we arrived late on a friday night to spend a long holiday weekend in from the city from florida . the check in process was seamless and the front desk was very helpful with providing information . the only con was in reference to some of the shared areas to include the elevator seemed a little " worn " however , this was all overlooked once i stepped into our room with corner views of the city awesome ! 
i was visiting friends , when they had to leave for an unexpected family emergency . i was referred to the carlton inn- midway , and was pleasantly surprised with my visit ! warm and friendly staff , well maintained and clean , and convenient access to the orange line and downtown . felt like i had received more than the price i paid . . . thank you for the great stay ! ! we ' ll be back ! 
my husband and i booked this hotel for a saturday night through hotwire and were delighted to discover that it was walking distance from the goodman theater , the museum of the art institute , and the train station , the three places we planned needed to go . our room on the fifth floor was small , but tastefully decorated in a modern style , and it was equipped with everything we needed including free wifi and a coffee maker . other amenities included a comfortable king-size bed , flat-screen tv , desk , overstuffed chair , microwave and fridge . the bathroom had a large shower--no tub--and a blow dryer . the bathroom was fairly generously sized , though i wished there had been more counter space . near the elevators was a purified water dispenser and a rack of empty plastic bottles for helping ones self . we were not disturbed by noise during the night , either from outside or inside the hotel . the lobby features two self-check in stations , but there were also friendly helpful staff behind the desk for check in and out . there was a lounge , with a gas fireplace , off the lobby , where we waited for our bags to be brought down--the hotel was nice enough to keep them for us at no charge after we checked out so we could go to the museum unencumbered . there was also a restaurant bar off the lobby , but we didn ' t go there . we did avail ourselves of the seven-eleven conveniently located across the street . it was all that was open late saturday as we strolled back to the hotel after N pm . the starbucks downstairs was not open sunday morning , but there were a number of open cafes in the direction of the museum . the hotel is in an old , repurposed office building , but it has been completely redone . the hallways are narrow and the rooms are small , but this is a quality hotel . we would certainly stay there again . 
bed bugs . stay away . i am pretty forgiving when it comes to hotels . i always stay at chains with my rewards points but this was cheap , looked very nice on the website , and had the perfect location . since i was staying one night , i fugred , what the heck , take a chance . the hotel looks like the spent a lot of mone ymaking it look like a boutique in the lobby , but what they do spend on lobby decore they dont spend on cleaning staff or the room upkeep . the room was tiny , and the bathroom in this non-smoking room reeked of smoke . all of this i could forgive becayse it was one night and i wasn ' t spending much time in the room . the next morning i woke up with over N bed bug bites . they found the bugs after i left and say they have corrected the problem , but you dont get N bed bug bites unless its ben a problem for a very long time . it is one month later and i still have people asking me what all those red dots are on my arms . 
my sister and i were traveling and unable to get back east after the hurricane irene . traveling by train , from union station , just outside the station we could see a holiday inn . we took a chance and walked to this hotel . we we were delighted . the staff was very friendly and helpful . the hotel was clean . the attached restaurant was excellent . we would definitely stay again . 
nice little boutique hotel in a very good location for shopping , food and sight-seeing . the staff is friendly , especially the bellmen , and they do try to be helpful but there seems to be a lack of attention to detail . when a parcel arrived for us , there was no message from the front desk about its delivery . we had to ask before we received our parcel . the beds are very comfortable but there are a number of touches missing in the room . there are no coffee tea making facilities and no fridge either , so it is rather inconvenient if you want to have a drink without resorting to room service . there were also rather strange housekeeping practices that kept us intrigued but certainly not amused . the day after we arrived , housekeeping left a fresh set of toiletries in the bathroom , presumably to replace what we had already used on our first day there . however , we did not start on the new set of toiletries immediately as we hadn ' t finished the original lot . inexplicably , on subsequent days , one item after another disappeared from the bathroom . first the second tube of shampoo was removed from our room and then a tube of shower gel . in their place , we were given tube after tube of hair conditioner which we did not need or use ! this made us think that certain items were in short supply eg . the shampoo and others were in abundance , eg . the hair conditioner and the housekeeping staff had to keep juggling to make ends meet . despite these drawbacks , it is still a rather nice hotel and i would hope that the management would give attention to the shortcomings mentioned above . 
my friends and i stayed at the comfort suites april N-may Nnd . we got a great rate ( approximately N . N per night ) . we were heading to the cubs game on the Nth , and the front desk was kind enough to stow our bags in a locked room and everything was fine when we picked them up for check-in . the hotel is fairly close to an " l " line as we flew in from o ' hare . the hotel is also close to the red line ( wrigley field or us cellular field ) . location , this hotel for its price is unparalled . the room was quite large . we had a full kitchen , walk in closet , and desk area . i was under the impression each room had wi-fi , which it does not . hotel does provide ethernet cords . room also had flat screen tvs . we were given free hot breakfast each day ( saturday eggs , and bacon . sunday omlete and sausauge links . waffles are there each day ) . we didnt use the exercise equipment . the only drawback was the bathroom . i thought it was small , our toilet didnt flush occasionally , and my friend called for extra towels friday evening and someone told him that they were out . i asked saturday morning ( at Nam ) and had towels delievered within N minutes , so i am unsure about the difference N hours made in the towel situation . overall , i would definately stay here again . this is a great hotel for the value . the beds were great ( pillows were not ) . everyone was very friendly and the location to the magnificent mile is great for the price . you also have a N-N and cvs pharmacy very close by for any incidental needs . 
i had to be in chicago for business and the whole city was booked out . having left my booking till late , i found the prices were out of control ! i searched pricline and found two choices - a N star hotel and the westin north river - for the same price ! i chose the westin , but i was very concerned because of the bad reviews i read - especially highlighting poor service the reviewers had received . i can only say that those people must have picked the one day of the year that the service was less than exemplary . the location was fantastic , the room excellent and the service peerless . upon checkin i was automatically upgrade and given complementary breakfast the concierge organised a tour for me and followed up to see if i enjoyed it . the only downside was that i found out that all westins in north america are now non-smoking , but that too was a good thing as i had a great stay and cut down at the same time . i mentioned the poor reviews to the staff as i was leaving and told them how wrong the reviews were - they were really upset that some guests had not enjoyed the hotel . while the price at the time was high ( but still the same as a two star property was advertising ) i will definitely be staying here again . 
we got our laptops and a digital camera stolen the Nnd night we stayed there . . . . . the general manager never contacted us we never got any reports from them concerning the issue . all they offer was a free breakfast which is a joke since a night in this hotel is close to N a night ! ! i can buy my own breakfast any day ! ! ! ! ! ps . the staff and even the hotel president were indifferent and unprofessional regarding this issue ! ! ! worse experience ever ! ! ! ! 
six of us drove from toronto for a roadtrip to chicago the weekend of april N . after a long drive , we arrived at the hotel greeted by the doorman who was ready and eager to help us with our bags . the location of the hotel was perfect . walking distance to everywhere you wanted to go . it was great because i did not want to drive another kilometre while in the city . had my fill of driving to and fro . very close the michigan ave . magnificent mile . the hotel is surrounded by restaurants , shopping , nightlife and tourist spots . rooms we had N rooms for N people and it was perfect . the rooms were clean , tidy and nicely decorated . the hd tvs were a great touch . the towels were soft and the beds were firm . the rooms were on the smaller side . the staff was friendly and always helpful with directions , recommending restaurants and other points of interest . the hotel offers free continental breakfast every morning which is perfect if you are on the go and complimentary coffe , tea and hot chocolate throughout the day . the lobby is beautiful and welcoming with plenty of places to sit and meet . overall , my friends and i had a pleasant experience and i would stay there again . 
i booked a stay at the hard rock for my partner and i for valentine ' s day . we live in chicago and wanted to do a little something different to make the holiday special . we had heard good things about the hard rock and gave it a try . i was a little skeptical because of the association with the hard rock cafes , but i couldn ' t have been more wrong . the hotel was sleek , stylish and inviting . the rooms were very nice , clean and comfortable . the staff was professional and friendly and even upgraded our stay for free . the only slight letdown was our meal in china grill , which we felt was overpriced for the quality . sometimes less is more , if you know what i ' m saying . i was , however , impressed by some of the cocktails in the hotel bar , which were very innovative and delicious . overall , i was pleasantly suprised by the hard rock and will book my parents a room for their next chicago visit . 
we were pleasantly surprised by the palomar and it outdid our expectations . they were overbooked when we checked in so instead of our double queen standard room we were upgraded to a king suite with a pullout couch . the young woman in reception could not have been nicer , and wanted to make sure the upgrade was okay . it was perfect with the wild storms we have been unfortunately having this summer , the upgrade was oh so welcome ! the room was clean , the bathroom was amazing ! loved the bath products too ! ate breakfast at the restaurant , which they gave us a partial comp for and everything was delicious . wine reception was very nice and again because of the weather , it was crowded and the staff was always polite would recommend this hotel to anyone ! 
the conrad hilton recently took over this property from the failed meridian hotel . it seems that the conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn ' t work . the entrance is very difficult to find . there are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby . as a result , there was often a line waiting for them . the same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area . if you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay , you will find the poor elevator layout annoying . the king room is what i would consider small compared to other chicago hotels . although i like modern design , the room was quite stark and cold . it was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear . the bathroom was the best part . has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk ? it was the most uncomfortable set-up i ' ve experienced . the views are non-existent for most of the rooms . in a city with amazing vistas , this was disappointing . i saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them . room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay . excellent food and high quality presentation . sorry i couldn ' t write a better review . would i stay here again ? no . chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them . 
pros - close to the airport , complimentart shuttle - N minute walk to the train - large clean rooms - fridge in the room cons - N ( after tax ) per day per parking spot - N per day for an internet connection in the room - restaurant in the hotel is not exactly " budget friendly " ( about N per person ) - downtown chicago is about a N minute train ride away . luckily , we got a good deal on this hotel via priceline . the bed was not what i have come to expect of mariott . i have stayed at many other mariott hotels and have found their beds really nice . . . not in this one . the service was ok , but not super . staying there , it felt as if the hotel is taking the business they get from the airport for granted and the staff does little to nothing to make your stay memorable in any way . 
the millennium knickerbocker is in a prime location . the hotel is one block from the magnificent mile , and all of the great shopping , restaurants , sites that michigan avenue has to offer . lake michigan is a mere two blocks away , and the lake walking biking path is easily accessed through a walking tunnel under the street ( completely safe ) . two blocks south of the hotel is the famous hancock building ( go to the bar and or restaurant at the top ) and its amazing views of the lake and city . the water tower is about N blocks south of the hotel as well . some of my favorite restaurants are steps away from the hotel ( nomi in the park hyatt , le colonial , rosebud steakhouse ) . during christmas this area is beautifully decorated . the famous drake hotel is directly across from the knickerbocker as well . the rooms in the knickerbocker are small , but nice . the lobby can get a bit crowded at times , but the location is hard to beat , and the price is right compare to most magnificent mile hotels . 
my husband was here for a conference , so my teenage daughter and i joined him for a long weekend . our room was comfortable- the sleeping area and bathroom area were seperated by a hallway- that made it nice for whoever gets up early not to disturb the sleeping occupants quite so much . i ' m not sure how all the rooms are configured , but i really liked ours . nice touch- digital thermostat to control the temp . concierge staff was helpful . likewise the front desk . my only complaint was the restaurant , aria . my daughter and i visited their breakfast buffet on a friday morning . there were no plates in the buffet line and it didn ' t appear anyone was paying attention to refilling items that had been eaten . i asked an attendant , who said they were " washing the plates " , waited about N minutes , and went back only to find- still no plates . i asked our waiter , who then asked someone else . . . . really ? ? ? a restaurant with no clean plates ? ? ? for the price ( N ) , i expected a nice buffet with lots of choices and someone refilling the pans of food and bowls of cream cheese for my bagel . definitely a waste of money . 
we loved the modern elegance and simplicity of our room complimented by rock and roll art and artifacts . the service was excellent and the ambiance of the lobby coupled with a nightcap in the lounge made for an excellent end to a perfect long weekend in chicago . i highly recommend this hotel . 
very good location , just off north michigan avenue and magnificent mile . it ' s also just round the corner from joe ' s seafood steak house which is a bit of an institution ( need to book ) or alternatively it ' s not far from sullivan ' s or fleming ' s who also do great steaks . we didn ' t eat in the hotel but it had a nice restaurant on the terrace which seemed popular during the day for working lunch . the ethos of the hotel seems to be low key but luxury - staff are very polite and helpful . we had a standard room which wasn ' t huge but perfectly fine . would definitely stay there again . 
my husband and i loved our stay at this hotel . from check-in to check-out , the staff was great . they all were friendly and accommodating and truly wanted to help in anyway . we loved our suite . . . it was clean and well appointed . the hotel still has so much character even with a recent re-do . we were surprised by an unadvertised new year ' s eve party at midnight consisting of a jazz trio , balloon drop and champagne toast . . . free . it really was a fun time . breakfast in the restaurant was outstanding . . . our waiter was terrific and anticipated our every need plus , the food was wonderful . the only downside was the pricey parking . 
we choose to stay at the dana hotel because of its fantastic location and my wife wanted to try their spa . first , the spa was average to slightly above average , however pricing was higher than average . very friendly staff , however they did not have the appropriate equipment ( for example , massage for my wife was pre natal , however they did not have a pre natal table , no massage chair for pedi , etc . ) if you are expecting a canyon ranch experience , keep looking . second , the hotel room was ok . nice furniture ( comfortable couch and desk ) , and good amenities ( nice bedding , reasonable wine and snacks ) . housekeeping left a lot to be desired ( dried toothpaste on vanity top , green mystery substance on mirror , and hair on floor and walls in bathroom ) . also , you can hear every step ( or other . . . " movements " ) your upstairs neighbor takes . a major point of annoyance was the fact that housekeeping came at N N am on the day we were checking out . we were not even awake yet ! after almost falling back to sleep , there was another knock at the door , this time to restock the mini bar . check out time is at noon ! we just wanted to sleep in a bit , but it seems that the hotel staff had no intention of granting us this guilty pleasure . with so many other outstanding hotels in chicago at this price point , we probably would not make dana our choice again . 
this getaway was for our anniversary . the service received at the seneca was over our expectations . firstly i booked with expedia and got a very good deal ( under N night ) with breakfast included . when we arrived we had a complimentary upgrade to a complete suite ( it was like a real appartment ( full kitchen , dining room , living room , bedroom with N beds , N tv ( one in living room and N in the room and N bathrooms ! ! ) the person at the desk was very helpful ( after upgrading our room , he help us for booking architectural cruise for us and explain where to find good restaurant in the neighborhood . he also printed our boarding pass because the printer at the office space did ' nt work . the seneca is located just in front of the john hancock center , so we went up twice ( day and night ) to see the city and just N block of the magnificent mile and wakable distance from millenium park , oak beach , gold coast neighboorhood and old town . my wow was for sure the complimentary upgrade ! if i return to chicago , for sure i will stay at the seneca again ! 
i recently stayed at the club quarters wacker at michigan for three nights while i attended a conference a few blocks away . the location is good , right on the river , and across from the trump tower and wrigley building . it ' s within walking distance of public transport el , and the price is extremely reasonable for the area . while the price was great , my room was pretty small--not really a problem since i was busy outside of the hotel during most of my visit . i was expecting the room to be small anyway since i ' ve stayed at other club quarters hotels and have had similar sized rooms , but nothing this tiny . i couldn ' t have the bathroom door ( which opened out ) and the closet door open at the same time . that said , the view from my room ( Nnd floor ) was great . the hotel lobby area is kind of awkward since it shares space with the river hotel . make sure you get on the correct elevator since there are separate sets for each hotel ! 
the hotel is just fine for a business stay - it is moderately clean ( see below ) and the staff do seem to care about your stay . nonetheless something is wrong when you can ' t open the toilet seat because the toilet paper roll is in the way . i had to take the toilet paper out in order to open and close the toilet lid . when i am traveling on business i do not need a lot of space but this is too much . the other complaint is that the halls and sometimes the rooms smell of dirty vacuum cleaners . otherwise things seemed clean . finally , i have found that between room service , the hotel restaurant , wifi , etc . that the price can jack up pretty quickly from the base rate . these amenities are not inexpensive and i wish i had just booked a place that had a higher base rate but wasn ' t as pricey in the end . 
my wife and i stayed at the whitehall hotel for the N nights immediately following labor day weekend this year and could not have been more pleased . the location is amazing ( N N block from hancock tower , N block from water tower , N block from rush st . , N blocks from red line . . . ) , the price was incredible , the staff was pleasant and helpful and the restaurants and bar are comfortable and offer good food and drinks at affordable prices . of special note is the old lounge -- felt like having drinks in a big . , comfy living room - perfect for unwinding after running around chicago all day . we will definitely stay here again ! ! 
well located , not too far from the lake or the magnificent mile . . . good , comfortable rooms and met my expectations in most respects . wifi was expensive , and very poor speeds didn ' t eat at the hotel restaurants so can ' t comment on the food . 
we stayed N nights at the omni for " spring break , " and had a great time in spite of the snow . location was perfect and having the suite set-up worked well with the kids . service was excellent - very friendly and helpful . we enjoyed the select guests benefits of free wireless internet and the morning beverage service with optional add-on bagels ( for a fee ) . cookies and milk were delivered with the turndown service . the cookies won ' t win any awards , but it was a nice gesture . the pool is not as large or impressive as some , but the kids enjoyed it every night nonetheless . workout facility is on the small side but clean and well-kept , and i never had to wait for a treadmill ( there are N ) . we will stay here again . 
what can i say good about this hotel ? not much . i ended up being next to a family with a screaming kid . the parents couldn ' t keep him quiet , and due to the extreme paper thin walls i heard every word of their conversation , as well as the screaming child all night . and i ' m not exagerrating . . . it was the worst from Nam to N Nam . now , this of course isn ' t the hotels fault . . . . but i asked to be moved to another room , and they wouldn ' t do it . they would send up security that wouldn ' t do anything . i asked for a refund at the front desk due to the terrible experience , and got N off my bill . whoopie ! really quite mean people . next up was the toilet , it was broken , and wouldn ' t stop running . . . . so i had to open the tank and shove a pen in the stopper so it would shut up . then there ' s the room . . . i get in , and the ac had been running continuously , so it was freezing . also the front of the hotel was lined with picketers ! i really can ' t say enough bad things about this hotel . . . . stay far far away
my husband and i just returned from a N night stay at the affinia . although the hotel is still undergoing renovation and there is no restuarant bar amenity , there are so many other pluses about this place that make it a stand out . first , all the staff were very accommodating , second the location is outstanding , and third the room with luxurious bedding made it difficult to get out of bed . we were told that by april a seafood restaurant will be ready--i am sure it too will pay attention to details . we can ' t wait to return ! also want to comment on restaurant reviews i read at this site--quartino ' s was right on . if you love tuna tartare poke sushi we did taste tests and enjoyed those appetizers at bandera , catch N and roys . 
the location was perfect . so close to milennium park and the art institute . staff was wonderful , very helpful and friendly . breakfast was great , nice to have so many options , and they always refilled as needed . room very clean and very quiet . we had a refrigerator and a microwave which came in handy during our stay for the week . would go back to this hotel anytime . 
evalyn at the front desk was extremely welcoming when we checked in . after we checked out i noticed they still had a hold on my card even though i paid cash for the room . i called and spoke with evalyn she was more than happy to help out , and never once was rude about it . i will go out of my way to stay in the ' burbs ' again just because of her awesome customer service ! 
stayed at the amalfi over easter weekend with my wife and daughter . first visit to chicago so we wanted a great location with easy access to everything . the amalfi was perfect in that regard as it is right in the heart of chicago . walking distance to the magnificent mile , millenium park , great restaurants and coffee shops , and public transit . but what really did it was the hotel itself . we had a beautiful , spacious , comfortable room with N queen size beds . breakfast is served on every floor - awesome idea ! and the social hour every evening with appetizers and cocktails was great . the staff was extremely helpful with directions , suggestions , etc . absolutely perfect stay and all for N a night - hard to believe ! ! one small note is that we used their valet parking and ditched the car for the entire stay . they charge N a day which may appear steep but in researching the area , it ' s well in line with downtown fees . don ' t let this spoil your stay in this great hotel . 
from the moment we arrived , everyone was not only helpful but went the extra to make sure we felt special . guess what , we did ! one person in particular , jamie torres , ( i believe her title is ipo greeter ? ) went out of her way to make us feel at home and our stay memorable . everyone greeted us with smiling faces no matter what time of day or how busy they were . our room was comfortable and everything we needed was quickly taken care of . we will definitely visit again and will recommend the " w " to friends and family visiting chicago . 
great experience in chicago . hotel was gorgeous in the lobby . rooms were fairly small though . had the air turned down to N and the window opened in february and room felt like an oven . bed are very firm with too many overstuffed pillows . had a great view from the Nst floor over rush st . it was a good stay but we have had nicer rooms for the same price in chicago . 
we were very excited for our stay at the palmer house in downtown chicago as we had heard wonderful things about it . our stay started off very rocky . we called ahead to make arrangements for the room because we were going to arrive very late ( after N N pm ) with three small children ( N , N N ) . we spoke with a woman at the front desk and asked that we have a pack n play or crib ready in the room . i was told " no problem " . i also asked if they had down pillows or comforters . i was told that yes they did . i asked if one of the beds have the down removed . she replied " would you like us to make the entire room down-free ? that would be no problem . " i told her that would be wonderful . upon our arrival at about N N i asked the man working the front desk if they had prepared the room for us with a crib and removal of the down comforters and pillows . he said that they had not , but did see that the request was noted on our reservation . he said they ' d have someone up right away . we went to our room and did our best to settle in given that we could not put our baby in a crib . we removed the down pillows and comforterfrom one bed and put them in a pile while we waited for housekeeping to arrive . after N minutes i attempted to call the front desk from the phone located between the beds . the front desk answered and i asked for a status update on the cribs and pillows . i received no answer and the front desk hung up . about N seconds later , i received a call from the front desk asking if i had received the materials i requested . i stated that i had not , but then the man at the front desk hung up . it became apparent to me that they could not hear me and that the phone receiver must be broken . they called back right away and i answered the phone on the desk ( thankfully they had two phones ) . the man at the front desk seemed shocked that they had not yet delivered the crib and pillows and said that they would be up right away . i also informed him that the phone between the beds was apparently not working . ( the defective phone was not replaced during our stay ) . N minutes later we received a knock on the door . they had brought the crib , but no pillows . we informed housekeeping that we had also asked for a down-free room . they left and came back about five minutes later with the pillows . so , we got off to a rocky start to say the least . ( note a previous review stated that the palmer house charged extra for a crib . that was not the case for our stay as the crib was free ) . the room itself was ok . not very big , but that ' s to be expected in downtown chicago . it seemed a bit dated with a tube tv . the heating cooling was not the best . we had to turn the thermostat down to the coldest setting possible just so we didn ' t burn up . we also cracked the window to cool it down a bit . ( it was N degrees outside ) . the lobby was beautiful ! there were many people just lounging around having drinks and taking in the beauty of the place . the location was great ! it was just across from milennium park . there was a starbucks , corner bakery , mcdonalds and dunkin donuts all right there for breakfast . we were also very close to the el , which was great for hitching a ride to the north end of the magnificent mile , but it was quite loud . the concierge was helpful providing directions and a map of downtown . unfortunately , the palmer house charged an arm and a leg for internet and offered wired only in the room . too bad ipad iphone users . i utilized the Ng on my cell phone instead . not sure why these older hotels don ' t get with the times . strange that your cheaper hotels include internet for free . i guess if you ' re willing to pay for an expensive hotel , you don ' t mind the extra for internet ( and parking for that matter , which was not cheap ) . on day two we checked out the swimming pool . it was a decent size and had both a shallow and deep end . unfortunately , someone had detached the safety rope dividing these two sections making it too easy to meander to the sloped part of the pool on the way to the deep end . not the safest thing for kids . the water was warm enough . they seemed to have a bit of a drainage problem on the pool deck as there was a lot of standing water that was very cold . they had plenty of towels for guests to use and a number of chairs and tables . we didn ' t try the restaurant and opted instead for delivery from giordano ' s pizza . overall , we had a nice stay , but it was not nearly as good as previous stays in downtown chicago . i do not think we ' ll be back . 
staffed by a lovely bunch of folks , the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is coming apart at the seams . the yet to be completed renovations cannot be finished soon enough . if you ' re sensitive to mold , then do yourself a favour and check your bathroom carefully for mold upon entering your guestroom for the first time . the first guestroom that i was put in had a bad black mold problem in addition to it being in a state of disrepair . the guestroom to which i was subsequently moved also had a mold issue and was similarly less than ideal , but i was too busy to move again . i did let a woman on the reception desk know about the second mold problem upon check out , however . it seems likely that renovated guestrooms are handed out only by special request and even then they are necessarily subject to availability unless you ' ve got some kind of status with sheraton or you ' ve paid a top rate . both of the rooms that i saw were dated and a bit tatty . cleanliness also seems to be a problem . i found a few glaring cleanliness issues during my stay at the hotel , but i discussed only three of them with hotel associates . how hair finds itself smeared on to a bathroom ceiling is beyond me ! it could have gotten there by the hand of a guest as easily as it did a dirty housekeeping or maintenance rag , but the point is that it shouldn ' t be on the ceiling at all . look , i know that it has to be very difficult to keep guestrooms clean and i take care to leave a couple of bucks for housekeeping cleaners every day , but hair on the ceiling ? in my many decades of travelling , that ' s a first for me . it was a bit of a shock in a hotel of this calibre . if you ' ll be driving a great deal while in chicago , then please do know that as of the date of this review and unless otherwise indicated on the meter pay station or by signs posted in the neighbourhood , you can park on the street for free around the hotel from N N p . m . at night until N N a . m . the following morning . for those arriving late and leaving early throughout their stay , this can amount to a significant savings . empty your car of any valuables and provided it isn ' t a fancier late model vehicle , it should be safe enough on the streets of streeterville over night . street parking is available on the ramp descending from reception or on the streets below the elevated reception level of the hotel , which streets can be accessed from the reception level by a set of stairs at the end of east north water street . parking in this manner saved me anywhere from N to N during my stay . 
you can ' t be any more convenient to midway airport . the shuttle service is great . the room was very clean and very comfortable . the breakfast was excellent , possibly the best breakfast i have ever had at a hotel . the food was high quality and the preparation was perfect . 
this is my first choice as a marriott platinum elite member when traveling in chicago . located on the blue line near o ' hare , the price is always very competitive and the rooms are well appointed for business travel . although they offer a great shuttle service to and from o ' hare , i choose to take the blue line as it stops in the parking lot of the hotel . check out this property the next time you are in chicago . 
first of all , let me mention that i travel often for business and this is the first time i ' ve ever felt strongly enough about a hotel to actually take the time to review it . this place is not what they advertise it to be . they call themselves a " boutique hotel . " it ' s not . the rooms and service are the equivalent of any crappy two-star hotel . but that is not the biggest problem . the biggest problem is the location . in short , it is not safe . the hotel is about a N-N minute walk from the chinatown l stop . the area around chinatown is bustling and colorful and definitely worth exploring . but , the hotel is not in chinatown . as soon as you walk one block from the l towards the hotel , you are in a run-down , ghetto . and it doesn ' t just look unsafe . it is unsafe . a man followed me as i walked from the l to the hotel around the corner of state and Nrd st . when i let him pass in front of me , he waited at a bus stop until i passed and then continued to follow me . when i turned to face him to acknowledge that he was following me , he insisted on " walking with me . " i got on my cell phone with my boyfriend but that did not deter him . i started to get nervous as we were getting further away from any other people . that ' s when i hailed a cab to the hotel . there are a lot of people just " hanging out " on that corner ( which is a bunch of boarded up store fronts and an empty lot ) and once you turn on to state , you have a N minute walk down a pretty empty street until you get to the hotel . it ' s a perfect situation for someone to get raped or mugged . that ' s the worst of it , but that ' s only the beginning . . . i ' ll try to sum up the rest . service is not exactly rude . . . more like sedated . . . it took the guy at the counter over N minutes to check me in while a line formed behind me b c he couldn ' t find my reservation and although there were other people hanging out behind the counter , they were not helping him . . . or anyone else . there is no restaurant at ( or near ) the hotel and also no refrigerators in the room , so dining in is challenging . i brought some food back from chinatown but had to fill a bucket with ice to keep it cold . the vending machines on several floors had no water left in them . . . to get drinking water i had to go to the water cooler in their " state-of-the-art " fitness room ( it ' s not state-of-the-art ) . in short , this place is ghetto trying to sell itself as chic . from the disgruntled looks i noticed on the faces of other guests , i assume i ' m not the only one that was deceived by the website and expected something completely different for the price . the one positive thing i can say is that the bathtub in my room was huge , which was a nice way to decompress after an unpleasant evening spent here at chicago south loop hotel . 
we got this place for a steal on priceline ( N a night ) . it was very centrally located in the loop and was very close to shops , restaurants and river . it was a very large hotel that obviously accommodates to chicago tourists . we were there during a cubs home game and the lobby was filled with cubs fans . the facilities were very clean , staff was super nice and the rooms clean ( our bed was temperpedic ) . the down sides were anything extra you need at the hotel ( wifi , food , or business center ) is very expensive . you would be better suited to stop at the walgreens or N-N a block away to get food and or drinks . internet was N for Nmins . they did , however , have free plane check in computers . all in all , this was one of our favorite places we have stayed ( we travel to chicago every year to visit family ) . 
i had a great experience at the ritz carlton . i was hosting a group of professors and journalists for a television panel and looked at several hotels before choosing the rc . i had a feeling that the service would be the most personal there and i was not disappointed . the staff was attentive and friendly , just the right amount of attention without being too much . the rooms are spotless and comfortable , the views of chicago and the lake are beautiful , the lobby and restaurant feel modern and welcoming and the work out room and pool are lovely . the beds are super comfortable and the air conditioning is quiet and consistent . no fans going on and off all night ! there is complimentary wifi but a high speed connection is N per day . during our stay , we had a few people forget things in their rooms or in the lobby and the problems were solved easily and graciously with one phone call to hotel security . we ate several meals in the restaurant and there was a good selection of smaller plates and entrees to make everyone happy . the mixed drinks were expensive but the dinner prices were reasonable . the hotel is above a mall where there are lots of choices for quick food so that was a good option for those who wanted to grab something and go . the location of the hotel is central to michigan avenue and the lake which was nice for out of towners who wanted to walk and see a few sights . i would highly recommend the hotel for business or pleasure and will definitely return . 
i reserved this hotel through priceline ' s name your own price so i didn ' t know what hotel i was staying at until i paid . i have stayed at hotel indigo in vernon hills before and remember how nice and inviting it was . i called the night before since check in wasnt until N , but i had luggage with me and had afternoon plans before and wanted to make sure i could drop my stuff off early and the guy on the phone said yes . so it was nice i was able to drop my things off and not worry about it . the girl at the desk wasn ' t necessarily rude but she wasn ' t friendly . when i did come back to check in , i asked if i could have a later check out and the rep said i could , but i had to sign up for the rewards program . which i did since it was free , but i found that a little annoying , just a simple request for a late check required me to be a rewards member . when i arrived to my room , it was smaller than i expected but it wasn ' t cramped . it was very inviting , bright and clean . about N minutes after i was in , the front desk called to make sure everything was okay . a few things i noticed , once of the bed side lamps didn ' t work . . . not a big deal , i used the other one . the lamp on the side table wasn ' t even plugged in which was weird . the maginfying makeup mirror didn ' t light up as well , but it was nice they had that to do eyemakeup . i loved that the bathroom had a nice shelf all along the mirror to make up for no vanity . the shower was nice however , the pressure could have better and the shampoo and conditioner weren ' t the best either . i used the hair dryer in the room . . . but it was blowing out cold air ! i called the front desk and within N minutes someone brought me a new one that worked much better ! the bed was extremely comfortable . . . i slept like a baby . i just wish the curtains were better at covering the window , i had too much sun coming in this morning that woke me up early than i wanted . also , the tv is set up kinda high , so you have to raise the remote up at an awkward level to change the channels . i did take a look at the menu in the room for the restaurant downstairs and the prices seemed reasonable . however i did not order food , so i can ' t write about the quality . in the morning , it seems like the doors slam behind guests so that was also annoying as i ' m trying to sleep in the morning with the doors being shut . overall , i would come back and recommend it to others . it is a great location . . . only a block away from the red line ( clark and division ) , less than a N cab ride to union station . 
we stayed in late june while the hotel was undergoing renovations in some of the public rooms . the staff were excellent and the suite was very comfortable , quiet and had a view over east superior street . there was one occasion when work started early but when i mentioned this the workmen were stopped and it didn ' t happen again . this hotel is in a prime location for shops , restaurants and the magnificent mile . 
romantic , funky hotel . lots to do in the neighborhood , or a N minute walk to the river or greektown . staff was helpful
the hotel room and bathroom are clean , small , but enough for what we needed we only wanted to sleep and wash , so for that purpose is ok . beds are comfortable , breakfast is good cereal , yogurt , coffee , juices , eggs , bacon , different types of bread , fruit . . . location is great , you can walk to several tourist places in chicago and the train station and bus stops are just a block away , so is very convenient . what we didn t like is we stayed in the second floor and next to us were very noisy people for our N day stay . i was with my kids and the neighbors were single men , so ask not to check with these kind of travelers , because you won t sleep , we could hear all the conversation of these people . they were opening and closing doors all night . i guess because the corridors are very narrow . . . 
nice classic hotel , but doing business or work in this hotel is awful . internet blocked if available , no wifi in rooms . stop in in the lobby for ambiance , then head to a real hotel to get your work done . 
we have just spent N very enjoyable days staying at this super hotel , in a great location in the heart of wonderful chicago . our suite was attractive , spacious and very comfortable - with views of the john hancock tower - just a couple of blocks away . my husband particularly appreciated the twin tvs ! the staff were friendly , helpful and welcoming . my only minor ciriticism is that the electric wiring needs looking at . half the lamps in our room did not work . 
just got back from a N night stay at the talbott . it was terrific . the location is superb , a bit outside the bigger touristy locations , but still within easy walking distance of restaurants , shopping and all the sites we wanted to visit . we originally booked for two people , but a friend decided to join us . the hotel swapped our original room for a double queen room - at no extra charge ! the staff were friendly , helpful and ready to do anything to make the stay a good one . those loaner umbrella ' s in the lobby came in handy to the afternoon showers that hit every day . the room itself was quite large - with a good sized bathroom . the beds were good and the linens quite comfortable . the view wasn ' t great - we looked out at a wall - but we spent so little time in the room that it really didn ' t make much of a difference - and no complaints because we got that double queen room we really needed . i ' d recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable stay . yes the price is more than you ' d pay for a " basic " hotel . . . but totally worth it from my point of view . 
if you want N star luxury then go pay the N star luxury prices . if you want something reasonable in the heart of downtown then this is for you ! we were in walking distance to just about everything despite the weather ( N N N-N N N ) . . . restaurants , bars , theatres , shopping . taxis were always readily available if needed for further away tourist type stuff and would definitely recommend you use them or other public transport as you will pay and arm a leg to park pretty much everywhere . yes , the rooms are on the smaller side and there is no iron in the room , but what a great use of space , modern ammenities and the ' community closet ' is well equipped with the iron and ironing board . if something was needed that was not in the closet , we called the front desk and received it with in N-N minutes if that long . they do start with the minimum . . . if you ' re staying two to a room then you get two pillows , two towels , etc . however , if you need anything the staff is on it . the staff was very knowledgeable and very helpful with everything we needed and wanted . really can ' t say enough about the staff . . . great job to you all ! ! overall , we definitely got what we paid for and beyond . we will definitely be staying here again on future visits to the windy city ! ! 
we chose to stay at this hotel because it was very close to a business meeting we had to attend early in the morning . our reservations were made last-minute , and it was a good thing i brought the printed confirmation because the hotel had no records of the N rooms we had reserved . i was the first of our party to check in , and had less than N N hour to make it to another meeting N blocks away . although the two ladies at the front desk couldn ' t find the reservation , they did give me a room and promised to contact the travel agent to clear up the confusion . it appears that the problem was resolved because the other two travelers had no problems when they checked in a few hours later . the rooms are small , and we ( i was with my husband ) were given a room with one full-size bed . the bathroom was tiny and the floor had water spots - at least i hope it was water given the close proximately to the toilet ( the spots were very easy to see on the black tile ) . otherwise , it was clean and nicely maintained . it did have an unusual square sink that was set slighty above the countertop , which was an unexpected change from the normal " hotel " bathroom sink . the stopper in the sink was closed and refused to open without being pried up . there was no lever to lift it and if it was the " pop-up " type ( where you push down and it pops up ) , the pop-up function had ceased to work . luckily i figured that out before i brushed my teeth and or i would have had to pry it up through a sink full of water and spit . after my meeting , i was dying of hunger and wanted to order some food , but found that we were missing the book with the room service menu . it was quickly delivered after a call to the front desk . room service was right on time and the food was above average . we had to make a second call to the front desk because the tv refused to work . a maintenance man appeared shortly thereafter and was able to fix the problem . the bed was uncomfortable with a hump in the middle , which caused me to roll towards the edge of the bed all night . i definitely did not have a good night s sleep . however , the other travelers in our group did not have an issue with their bed , so it may have been just my bed . overall , i have stayed in far worse hotels . it was clean and was not over-priced . it would have been nicer not to have the three issues ( no record of the reservation , no room service menu , tv not working ) , but all of the staff members we dealt with were courteous and the problems were quickly resolved . the biggest negative was the uncomfortable bed , and since i was the only one with that problem , it appears that not all beds in this hotel were created equally . 
stayed here for two nights on a weekend trip , chose the hotel based on two good stays at the affinia gardens nyc . the staff at the front desk on check-in--peter and simon--were the most friendly and helpful staff i ' ve met so far in my travels . when they heard it was my first trip to chicago they loaded me up with maps , advice on what to see based on my interests , and in the evenings when i returned the hotel they ' d ask how my day was and what i saw . very genuine and helpful . i booked the smallest room type , but was told on check-in that there was an issue and that i would be upgraded to a suite--exciting ! the room was spotless and nicely decorated--photos of chicago landmarks on the walls , a cool burnt orange-y wall covering in the bathroom that made the room glow peachy-pink . affinia hotels win for highest density of electrical outlets in a room ( e . g . N outlets in a N ft sq area around the bed ) and most mirrors in a room--very practical . an assortment of philosophy toiletries are provided , they are green tea lotion ( thick , nice as hand lotion ) , lime blossom shampoo and body soap , and blackberry musk conditioner ( smells good ) . my room at the front of the hotel overlooked superior and st clair and was very quiet at night and there were controls in the room to adjust the room temperature precisely . there ' s a business center on the Nnd floor with N computers where you can print your boarding pass . no free wifi , alas . the location is great--about N blocks from the chicago-red line station and half a block from michigan avenue . gino ' s east pizza is right next door . overall , i was very happy with my stay and would return . 
my husband and i have stayed at hotel felix multiple times and we love it . we used to live in chicago , but now when we visit the city , we always choose the felix . the location can ' t be beat - just a few blocks walk to michigan avenue for great shopping and restaurants , and the room rates are very reasonable . the felix feels like a smaller , warmer version of your typical w hotel - modern and elegant , but also very welcoming . accomodations are comfortable , room service food is good , spa services are delightful ( and aveda ! ) , and the hotel staff is always helpful and pleasant . we ' ll definitely be back ! 
i travel to chicago every few months on business and i ' ve stayed at most of the hotels on or near michagan avenue . while i can ' t say that there was anything too wrong with the room ( i had a king deluxe - newly renovated " room for about ( N ) i will say that the room was really , really average . it was a small room on the Nth floor . my view was of the hancock bldg ' s parking structure and a sliver of michagan ave . there was nothing special about about the room at all . it had a flat screen tv . i found a hair on the toilet seat which i really didn ' t appreciate . if i had to choose something in the same price range i would tell people to stay at the sofitel or the affinia hotels as they both offer much more appealing rooms , great service and offer a far more interesting environment . if you are looking for a very bland hotel with a good location ( keep in mind that the affinia and sofitel offer virtually the same location as they are both within a block or two ) then this is your place . if you like nicer quality rooms and service then you may want to consider another hotel . 
my husband and i stayed at the wyndham for N nights in early june N while visiting our son , who had been attending college in chicago . i booked the special " take your daughter to chicago - american girl package , " which offered a rate of N . N a night for a standard room , a N savings over the regular room rate . i booked a room with N double beds , as we thought our son might want to stay with us . the package included a wyndham bathrobe which fits an american girl doll . when i checked in , i discovered that the hotel had changed our reserved room with N double beds to one with only a king sized bed , because that was my preference when i joined wyndham byrequest . if we wanted our son to stay with us , we had to pay a N a night fee for a rollaway bed . i was tired after driving almost N miles that day and didn ' t have the energy to protest . i did not get any kind of upgrade for being a byrequest member , although i did get a free small bottle of wine and a cheese and cracker snack . our room was on the Nth floor , and was on the small side , but was adequate . as a byrequest member , i did not have to pay the N . N fee for internet access . the room had a queen sized bed ( not the promised king sized bed ) , a small sitting area with a chair and a desk , and a refrigerator mini bar . it was clean and quiet i did hear a conversation from a guest in the next room , but did not hear any street noise . my son decided not to stay with us , so i asked the front desk to remove the rollaway bed about an hour after it had been delivered . this was done promptly , but when i checked out , i was charged N . N for N night ' s use , which i had to ask to be removed from the bill . when we first went to our room ( around N pm ) , there was a full bottle of beer in the hall by the door and there were dirty dishes and an empty beer box outside several other rooms which were not cleared until the next day . housekeeping is quite slow on the second day of our stay , our room was not cleaned until almost N pm . the hotel is in a great location , within walking distance of shopping and many area attractions . i highly recommend the delicious food at the corner bakery , located across the street . overall , this hotel was fine , but it is really not a N star hotel . i would stay here again if i got a good rate . 
this is a nice hotel in a good location of chicago but there were some problems we had which have turned us off ever staying there again . on the plus side , the staff are friendly and helpful the rooms are comfortable and clean ( even though the plumbing system in the bathroom really needs to be updated-showering in water up to my ankles is not fun ) the food in the restaurant is terrific , and the fact that it actually had a bar was a real plus for us . the problems with check-in and check-out are ridiculous . the bottle neck created by the queue of people trying to move around make it very awkward to speak to the receptionists . we also needed to send a fax from the hotel ( something i have had no trouble doing in other hotels ) but we were charged N just to send it , i personally thought this was a little extreme . we asked if we could store our bags for an hour while we went to eat breakfast in the hotel restaurant and we were charged Nc per bag to store them . i have never had to pay for a luggage room before , and i heard others around us complaining about the same thing . the dinner we had in the hotel restaurant was delicious , but it was when we paid our bill that we got ticked off . though the waitress and the service were excellent , she placed our bill on the table before we finished eating , leaving out much chance of having a drink or dessert after dinner . what really annoyed us was that she had already added a gratuity of N onto the bill before we got it . i can understand this being automatically added to a bill when its a large party , but i ' ve never seen it done when it ' s a party of N . the other thing that annoyed me was , as far as im concerned , is tipping not something that ' s supposed to be at the discretion of the customer ? since when did the waiters and waitresses start deciding how good they are at their jobs ? we had fully intended in leaving her an excellent tip that suitably reflected the service but what if our service had been terrible-were we just expected to tip her regardless ? all in all the hidden charged we incurred during our stay really put us off staying here again . 
for the past five years we have booked N-N rooms at the w-lakeshore for our yearly ( sometimes bi-yearly ) shopping vacations . we love the view , and the atmosphere , and the location . we are always catered to and the service is very kind . the hotel rooms are cleaned and well cared for . and if we want an upgrade they almost always upgrade us right away , and if not they offer it a day or so after we have arrived . we travel with N- adults N- teenager N-children last year we even met snoop dogg who was staying at the hotel . 
i visit chicago on visit every six weeks or so . this year i ' ve tended to rotate around between the trump , the conrad and the new hotel palomar , based on price and availability . i had occasion to stay at the conrad twice in september , once at the beginning of the month and then on an award trip overnight third week of the month . i still like the hotel very much--beds are comfy , decor is nice . it ' s a very comfortable place to stay . a few observations early-month trip when i checked in , they had a spread of fruit and water in the room with a card with someone else ' s name on it . obviously , not my room . but , they let me stay and keep the stuff , which was nice . ended up having to work late hours in the room and had occasion to order room service . really excellent food . even the fries were good in a unique way . room service guy was great , very conscientious , though it took way too long . with those tvs , though , they need to update to hd . put on a movie to keep me up while working and the no hd option really reduced the benefit of the N movie . also , when i called about the fact that the lamps in the room would just randomly turn off , the response wasn ' t helpful . i called twice over my N-day trip . never was fixed . on the plus side , the front desk was able to extend my stay at the same rate when i had to stay another day , so that was nice . late-month overnight on the late month stay , i discovered that if you don ' t pay for a room , that have the tiniest room ever just waiting for you . definitely too small by chicago standards . not even room in the bathroom for a separate shower stall . kind of bummed by the fact that on a weekend when the hotel obviously wasn ' t full that i couldn ' t get even a normal room for the zillion points they charged . so , it ' s still among the top options in chicago . service has been up and down , so going to the palomar for my next trip . 
we spent two nights at the amalfi . after reading some of the reviews , i sent an e-mail to the hotel to request a quiet room , facing the front , rather than the back side of the hotel ( where the loading dock and dumpsters are located ) . i received a response very promptly and was told that a room on the fifth floor with view on the city had been blocked for us . the room was extremely nice king-size bed , big windows , very nice soothing decor . the first impression was one of cleanliness . the room smelled good , and everything looked impeccable . the bed was extremely comfortable , the linens of excellent quality , the bath products very nice . little details i should mention nice lamps , nice tv with cd and dvd player ( dvds can be borrowed free of charge at the front desk , and some cds are already in the room ) , in-room coffee maker , nice closet with iron and ironing board and full-length mirror , magnifying mirror in the bathroom with different light settings for make-up , hair dryer , curved shower curtain rod that allows for more room in the tub shower and makes it possible to take a shower without ever being in contact with the shower curtain , certificate showing the room is an allergy friendly room . in addition , the manager ' s reception with great cocktails ( amalfitini and amore for example ) and a buffet with roasted vegetables , tapenade , cheese , foccacia , and a variety of italian cold cuts is a really nice touch after a long arduous day of shopping ! of course , the lounge is small and seating is insufficient ( especially on the weekend ) , but if you plan it right ( arrive there early ! ) , it makes for a very pleasant hour and a half . the breakfast buffet is another nice perk . a buffet is set across from the elevators on each floor coffee , tea , juices , a variety of pastries , croissants , bagels , and fruit are available to take back to your room on a little tray that is provided . very convenient ! all in all , i would highly recommend this hotel friendly associates , quiet and comfortable rooms , convenient location with lots of restaurants in the vicinity ( avoid redfish at all costs . we waited N minutes to be served after we ordered , the food was bad , the service inadequate , and our check --as well as the checks of our neighbors on each side-- was inaccurate . we could not wait to leave ! ) good restaurant choices are brasserie jo for french food and joe ' s seafood prime steak stone crab , among many others . we will definitely consider this hotel next time we go to chicago . 
me and N friends flew into chicago to check out both baseball parks . half of us flew into o ' hare and the other N from midway . all of us had success taking the el downtown and walked N blocks to find hotel allegro . a great safe area we were all pleasantly surprised because we had never been to chicago and we landed late at night . when we spoke to the front desk we knew we were in the right place , " pretty woman " and " pulp fiction " helped us out . each member ' s name tag had their favorite movie under their name . every worker was super friendly in helping us find the right way to our destinations and suggesting ones we never thought of . i can ' t guarantee that you will be so lucky , but we got a killer deal online for N double beds for N a night . plus , we received a card for N free drinks and an appetizer downstairs at the lounge for every night of our stay . location was great , right near the el and walking distance to anything you would need to see in downtown . 
we just spent several hours getting a " quick " bite to eat in the sports bar in this hotel as we were afraid to go outside to find someplace else since this area of the city is not the best and the actual restaurant was not open . first , they gave my salad to my fiance with chicken on top , which i did not order . there was no creamy balsalmic dressing on it so i was waiting for them to bring that , and my fiance ' s salad was still nowhere to be found . instead , they took my salad back and it took another half an hour for the rest of our food to come , including my correct salad . and not including the cup of soup i ordered . my fiance , however , had been given the wrong salad . neither of us were given dressing this time either . so while we waited for that , the bartender went back to find out if my fiance could get the salad he ordered instead of the one he was given . he ended up just eating the wrong salad , and i was so hungry that i ate half of mine before we were even given dressing ( blue cheese and italian neither of which were what was supposed to come with my salad in the first place ) . no soup to be found . we asked for it again . i ended up being pretty hungry once i finished my salad , so while the bartender made up our checks i asked if i just wasn ' t going to have any soup . i was still hungry and about to work until Nam with a half-empty stomach for N hours . as we were leaving , my soup came out and i had to finish it in about N seconds . the worst part was that the bartender was apparently supposed to pay for the kitchen ' s ( frequent and bad ) mistakes . . . she comped my fiance ' s salad and used her tips to pay for it , so we felt bad and gave her the money for his meal anyway . she definitely didn ' t deserve to be treated the way the kitchen was treating her , and after she spent three hours trying to get them to make our food , she shouldn ' t have to pay for it herself . i had been in the car since very early this morning driving to chicago and now i ' m sitting in my room , exhausted and upset instead of enjoying myself like i should be . at least i finally got to eat something . the front desk and bellhop were very helpful just please get ahold of your kitchen . there wasn ' t even anyone else ordering food in the bar . 
from the moment my family and i stepped onto the property we experienced some of the best customer service i have ever experienced . the staff was helpful and prompt in each request we had . the room was wonderful with a beautiful view . the breakfast was full cook to order with anything you could want . we were visiting during spring break and were at the hotel on easter morning . the breakfast area was very busy and i expected a long wait to get an omelete that morning , however i was pleasantly suprised at the quick service i received . during the breakfast time staff were constantly interacting with guests and ensuring that things were stocked and tables were cleared and cleaned . 
no too far from midway . non-descript hotel from the outside , but beautiful on the inside . we loved our room - great beds , fantastic feather pillows . they provided a hypoallergenic pillow to a member of our party who is allegic to feathers . pleasant and fast check-in and check-out . nice workout facility . we really enjoyed our stay and wished it was for more than N night . will definitely stay again . 
i stayed in the knickerbocker for N nights the second week of september . i could not have been more pleased with the location of the hotel in chicago ' s gold coast immediately across from the drake hotel . it ' s in the block next to the john hancock building and a block from some of the most amazing shopping you will ever encounter . the knickerbocker hotel was extremely comfortable ! i had two N inch flat screen tv ' s in my room . the bathroom far exceeded what i ' ve come to expect from a typical hotel . it had a waterfall shower head , glass shower and very modern bathroom fixtures . the king bed was truly restful . i wouldn ' t hesistate to recommend this hotel to my colleagues . when i ' m in chicago i would stay here again . 
clean and well located . staff was friendly . fitness room was excellent for a smallish hotel . i recommend it for business and couples travel . well priced . 
we really loved this hotel . it felt cozy and intimate and subdued . not bold and flashy . the concierge was very help to my husband and get an anniversary present shipped to the hotel without my knowledge . the staff was very friendly , upbeat and warm . the rooms were very nice and just our style . our views from our window were wonderful of the lake and the watertower and the john hancock building . we were on the Nth floor in a grand deluxe king room over looking michigan avenue . the location couldn ' t have been better . we had drinks at the signature room lounge in the john hancock buidling to watch the sunset ( nothing as beautiful as the florida sunsets we have here ) . and the food , service and views from the nomi restaurant were great . i don ' t know why the restaurant doesn ' t get better press . it ' s very romantic and breakfast was gorgious sitting at the windows looking at the lake . 
classy , clean , quiet , comfy bed and near everything . yup , it was a block away from michigan avenue and across the street from the john hancock center . if you want to see the great view on top of the hancock without spending any money , go to the bar and walk around the window . my room was N in the corner ( bad view ) far away from the elevator . it was a one room suite complete with a full freakin ' kitchen . i paid N plus about N in taxes per night in mid oct . N but i was part of a wedding party . i think the regular rate for this room was higher . when i checked out , i left my bags with the concierge to be picked up later in the day . no charge . i remember in ny they charged me for this service and i complained about it . all in all this place is a winner . hollywood howie
we stayed at this hotel last weekend after finding a deal on priceline . com . great location - we were able to walk to so many places . if you don ' t mind a mile or so walk in any direction you can get many places by foot . we had a view of the chicago river from our room . room was kind of small but clean and the view more than made up for it . front desk staff was very friendly and helpful . we didn ' t eat at the restaurants or go to the bars in the hotel but the lobby area was beautiful . one tip - they charge N per day for valet parking . if you ask they will tell you they don ' t have a self park option . however , you can self park your car at surrounding lots . we found one just a block away at N s . wacker . it ' s a little tough to drive to because the entrance is on lower wacker but if you can get there it was N per day . definitely saved us some money . good option if you don ' t want to get your car out of the garage during your stay . 
we stayed here for N nights at the end of august N and were expecting it to be really nice having read the reviews and were not disappointed . it ' s a lovely clean modern hotel . we got a really good rate via expedia so weren t too surprised when we were given a room on the Nth floor overlooking the delivery area of the surrounding buildings , we were woken twice by the beeping of reversing delivery lorries . the room itself was fantastic and we had a view of most of one side of the john hancock building which more than made up for it . the outside bar on the Nth floor was a bit disappointing , pretty expensive and i had to ask the waitress to clean my table , we only had one drink so perhaps we called at a bad time ? i most definitely will stay here again and would have no problem if we were in the same room . 
after reading other reviews i decided to reserve a room at the hotel burnham for my son and his wife ' s first anniversary . i can ' t begin to tell you how very helpful the hotel was in setting everything up ! ! the room they stayed in was gorgeous ! it was a corner room on the historic Nth floor and they were both beyond thrilled with it ! martin jimenez went well out of his way in sending restaurant recommendations and making reservations at the restaurant of my son ' s choice . he made sure everfhing was done exactly to my requests and even left a note for my son and his wife wishing them a happy anniversary since he was not working the night they stayed . they enjoyed drinks in the bar which were " on the house " as a special the hotel was running in december . they reported that the location was central to everything and they could easily walk everywhere , even in the cold winter of chicago ! i just want to say " thank you " again to martin as well as everyone at the hotel . my son and his wife said everyone they encountered was so helpful and friendly and they had a stay they will never forget ! this is where i plan to stay if i make an overnight trip to chicago ! ! ! 
our first experience at a comfort suites hotel was last year in otay mesa ( san diego suburbs ) . despite the very desert area where the hotel was located , our stay was so positively surprising that we decided to book the same hotel chain this year too but in chicago this time . once again our experience exceeded our expectations ! ! we spent N week and were lodged at the Nth floor . well , despite the exterior side of this hotel seen from the street is really nothing special ( much more beautiful the one in otay mesa ) , the apartments are incredibly comfortable very clean and fully equipped ( kitchen , laundry and drier machines , safety box ) . the hotel is located in chicago downtown at N min walk by the beautiful millennium park ! staff at the reception is very friendly and helpful . despite kitchens in the aprtaments , breakfast is included in the price and it s very good and rich . moreover , as the breakfast area is not enough wide to contain many people seated at the same time , guests are allowed to bring food in their apartments which , sometimes , can be helpful especially during crowded hours . all in all i can say that our stay was very pleasant at the comfort suites . 
the essex is in a great location overlooking grant park and the lake and within walking distance to shedd aquarium , field museum etc . not far away either is city center , magnificent mile etc . public transport options are quite close as well . the hotel itself is clean and tidy , albeit not overly attractive . the room was quite small overall however the fittings and furniture were new and quite nice . hotel amenities weren ' t too bad with onsite pool and restaurant . service from staff wasn ' t outstanding but they were polite and willing to help . overall , good value hotel in a good location . 
i recently stayed at the four points and when i arrived i was suprised at how easy it was to find with it being surronded by so many other buildings . when i walked into the lobby i was amazed by the decor and how beautiful it was . but when i went to check in my room was checked out to someone else . but the staff was really good and accomdated our needs so well that i am willing to make this hotel my permanent hotel for all my downtown weekend stays . i am now planning another weekend trip downtown chicago and this time with the family so we can enjoy all the special amenities the hotel has to offer . thank you for making my weekend get away an enjoyable one . great job ! ! ! ! ! 
this is one of the nicest hotels near o ' hare . . . and i ' ve stayed at most of them ! united airlines put me up here for a night after a recent cancellation . . . they usually get me the hilton , but they were booked . i have very little bad to say about this place ! first of all , the room was quite spacious--a little larger than most all-suite properties . the decor was very new and fresh . the parlor room had a flat-panel tv while the bedroom had a standard tube tv . the bathroom was very large and marblesque . i joked with my wife about the shower--i came out and said , " whew , that was close--i almost got lost in there ! " the shower was that big . a few minor gripes with the room the blinds--they were very tough to close . also , while the bed was super-comfy , the pillows were pretty weak . but my biggest gripe was the bed was a queen--not sure if they have kings or not . . . we sleep on a king at home , so to us it seemed cramped . this was a club-level room--i have low-level elite status with marriott , so not sure if the standard rooms are any different . the restauant was amazing ! it was a saturday night shortly before closing--only people in there . service was great , but the food . . . i had their signature pasta dish , which was to die for . next time united strands me at o ' hare , i ' ll request this hotel over the hilton , even though it ' s about N minutes further from ord . 
this hotel was very small and the rooms were painfully small . the bed had to be pushed all the way against one wall and you could barely turn around in the bathroom . but , the location was excellent , there was unlimited , free bottled water , and the rooms were clean . if all you want is a place to sleep in a great location , the price here is right . also , the pizza place downstairs , bella baccino ' s , is my very favorite . it was kind of a nice coincidence that it shared a building with this hotel . 
the westin chicago river north is in a great location , just a Nmin walk to the chicago theatre , the loop el trains and the start of the miracle mile , and about a Nmin walk to millenium park . we stayed in the deluxe river view room on the Nth floor and opted to spend extra for the complimentary continental breakfast buffet at the executive lounge down the hall each morning , which was worth it . there are a variety of bagels and jam spreads , cream cheese , boiled eggs , fresh fruit and berries , cereals , muesli and yogurts , and orange juice , tea and coffee . the staff were friendly and helpful . also available are hor d ' oeuvres between Npm and Npm which was great and complimentary water , soft drinks and fruit are available anytime . the deluxe room includes free wi-fi via an in-room mac computer which was great . most importantly , the room was very clean , as was the bathroom . the " heavenly bed " really is heavenly . the only negative experience we had was a noisy wedding party in the room next door to us . accordingly , i would recommend not staying in a room with a connecting door since it made the noise all the louder . we had this occur two nights in a row and after we raised the issue with the front desk , they handled the situation very professionally by immediately offering us complimentary wine and cheese plate and adding points to our starwood account for the inconvenience . the only other complaint was that the complimentary water that is offered as part of the deluxe room was not delivered two days in a row , even after we rang for it . despite these isolated incidents though , i would recommend a stay at this hotel for its courteous staff , convenient location , cleanliness , heavenly bed and breakfast - all the things that should make a hotel stay-worthy . 
it was our daughters birthday celebration we wanted something special . the renovations were terrible because the service was sooo bad ! the elevators were so slow we waited N minutes to come down to the lobby then just took the steps all the way from the N th floor . then the lounge was closed , okay maybe for the inconvience to their customers they could have a coffee station , no , they still had you sit in a hallway to have your coffee or wine while the jack hammer was going ! the work out room , the tv didn ' ' t match the headsets , so you couldn ' t listen to the tv , then once again they charged us for bottled water instead of giving us one for the inconvences of the whole hotel . bottom line the service , the hotel was terrible . we normally stay at the drake , we know why now ! 
our trip into the city was tough with a few canceled flights . we couldn ' t have been happier to get to the sofitel . check-in was efficient and warm . our suite was ready early , which helped ease our minds . i was starving , so after putting our luggage in the room we went directly to the concierge desk . katie was great ! it was our first time in the city and she carefully explained the city layout and pointed out some great attractions . we decided on pizano ' s for lunch and loved it ! it was a great recommendation . she also made dinner recommendations and seemed to be available day and night , whenever we called the desk ! our room turned out great too . the bed was so comfortable and the bathroom was so large and luxurious ! overall , the staff seemed to be on point at all times . valet was quick , le bar was really relaxing , but fun too ! we will definitely look forward to staying at sofitel again ! 
i ' m writing this review from the hotel . i ' m here for a conference that is taking place at the allerton and a block of rooms were set aside . i stayed here N years ago or so and it was very old and needed to be updated . when i saw that the conference would be here my first thought was " are they kidding ? " but i checked out the allerton website and saw that the entire place had been completely redesigned . i still wasn ' t N sure but they had pictures of the outside as well so i thought i ' d give it a try . i ' m really glad i did . the hotel has a boutique hotel feel without the snotty attitude that one finds at other hotels in the genre . it is very clean , all new lobby , bar , restaurant and rooms . the rooms are still small ( as they were before ) - which is fine with me - but the beds are comfortable and the bath roomy . all of the staff - and i really mean all - is very friendly and helpful . they have gone out of their way to make sure i am comfortable , have heated milk for my coffee and helped with reservations . the food is great too ! highly recommend it ! 
we stayed two nights at the renaissance last week . we had stayed here several years ago and had security issues at that time . this time , on the morning of check-out , i happened to notice a small corner of a piece of paper that was N Nths outside in the hall . it was our bill , not in an envelope , with our name , address , charges and credit card used all out there for any passer-by to see . the room itself was okay though the toilet was rather sluggish . the bathrobe provided looked like it was ready for the rag bag . there were plenty of clean towels provided and the bed was comfortable . next time we ' ll stick to the swiss or the talbot . 
stayed in N recently . paid extra for the lake view . yes , you can see the lake but it is partially blocked by some buildings . this was a nice hotel and cleaner nicer than most i ' ve stayed in . the staff was great too . i have no complaints ! 
as a former customer service trainer , i ' m always observing customer experiences . the downtown chicago red roof definitely earns an a ! since i started my current job a year ago , i ' m back and forth to chicago often . we stay at the downtown red roof for the value and the proximity to our office . the staff has always been extremely friendly and accommodating , and they always knew my boss by name , which was nice , but expected seeing that she stays there sometimes N weeks out if a month or more . the rooms are always clean , the beds always comfy . it was my last visit which blew me away . i had not been to chicago for probably N months . even when i came regularly , unlike my boss , i was only there maybe once a month . when i checked in , i wasn ' t surprised that they greeted me as if they were really happy to see me . i wasn ' t even surprised that despite the hundreds and hundreds of people who are in and out of the busy hotel , they recognized my face . what shocked me was as i reached in my purse to get my id , the clerk addressed me by name . she knew what kind of room i liked . she even knew to use my redi card and corporate code to get me the best rate . . . all without me saying a word . i felt like a celebrity . in addition to the five-star customer service , the hotel provides the most affordable and covenient valet parking in downtown chicago . they offer free bag checking for those who arrive before check-in or business travellers like me who need a place to stash their luggage after check-out while they conduct their business in the city . there are great restaurants just steps away , and the hotel is just a block from the magnificent mile . when i ' m at the red roof in downtown chicago , i feel like i ' m in a home away from home . 
let me first say that i was not looking forward to staying at this hotel . initially i wanted a place closer to downtown , but since my conference was at mccormick place i had little choice . second , i generally despise conference hotels since thay are impersonal and just too big for the personal touches and attention . what a suprise to find that the hyatt at mccormick place defied my expectations . first and foremost , the service was great . the staff , to a person , was pleasant , helpful and often went beyond the call of duty . i was able to get an upgrade to a suite and a late check-out for example . by the way , the suite which was on the Nnd floor was wonderful and had a phenomenal view of lake michigan and downtown . the only downside , as may people have commented in their reviews , is that the hotel is out of the way , and you end up paying a small fortune in cab fares to get around town . that being said , if you are on conference at mccormick place , this is the place to be . 
the best part of this hotel is the view . it sits on top of the chicago sun times building , with the huge lobby on the Nth floor . our room was on the Nrd floor overlooking the chicago river everything on it breathtaking ! i feel bad for the reviewer who said she had a view of a wall that would be awful ! the beautiful merchandise mart was next door by way of a pedestian walkway , as was the train station , which was so convenient for us ! the room was lovely clean with comfy beds ( most important ! ) we were also able to take advantage of the view from the cityscape bar on the lobby level , complete with free appetizers ! my only complaint would be the very expensive breakfast menu in the hotel ' s restaurant ( N for french toast ( ! ) N . N for a cup of coffee ) i believe it was the same as the room service menu in the room . 
friendly check in , no waiting although obviously will be busy at times . rooms immaculate and fabulously comforable beds . very quiet , at least where i was staying , heard nothing at all in N nights . superb situation with grant park opposite and buddy guys right next door . blackies for breakfast or just a drink for local flavour and easy walking to field museum . taxis outside all day and evening and not expensive to get to the mag mile or navy pier for a night out . a must for a romantic evening is a dinner cruise from navy pier . buddy guys for blues lovers , busy and crowded but brilliant . dont take notice of the doom merchants , stay at the hilton . 
we stayed at the sheraton chicago for four nights and loved the location . our room faced the river and had views of the lake . my boys ( N and N ) enjoyed looking out the window at the big city life , river taxis , and skyscrapers . the hotel was an easy walk to michigan avenue and navy pier . the indoor swimming pool needs updating , but the boys loved it . the staff ( especially concierge ) was very helpful . the lobby has neat computer games that kept the kids entertained . we would definitely stay there again . 
after christmas me and my sister got a surprise trip to chicago at the fairmont it was fabulous ! ! ! our room was almost at the the top floor and we got a beautiful view of the park below and it is conveniently a N minute walk to a deep dish pizza parlor . 
this was a great little hotel for access to soldier field and the museums . it is a relatively short walk to them and to grant park . the service was good and the rooms large . it is an old mansion that could use a little updating . we had a king suite in the front of the house . for the size of the room , the location , and the city of chicago the charges were appropriate . i was concerned about walking to soldier field and back at night but those worries were dispelled when limos and taxi were dropping off concert goers in front of our hotel and there was a strong police presence . obviously i felt safe that night . there was a solid breakfast in the morning . all in all it was a nice and comfortable place in a great location for the concert and at a decent price . 
this first class hotel commanding stunning architectural views over the city and lake was a perfect , relaxing place to stay and made our visit to chicago . conveniently located just a step-away from the busy city hubbub and situated beside the waterway within a short walking distance of shops , galleries , museums , etc . friendly staff at every level and a very comfortable , well-appointed room with coffee always available . we chose a tariff to include breakfast and would highly recommend this option which also included delicious complimentary evening hors d ' oeuvres , what a bonus ! excellent hotel and value . 
stayed here for N nights mainly for work on my first trip to chicago . room had everything i needed , comfortable bed , fridge , good desk space and sofa area . but no safe box . i had a room on N floor facing east . the view was good but not spectacular . there is a fire station a block away and the sirens from the fire trucks were slightly annoying . the free wireless was pretty slow and the free breakfast food itself was mediocre but i liked the relaxed style - you could come and go as you please , take the food back to your room and they kept the coffee bar open all day . service was good . front desk staff were helpful and there was a very pleasant waitress in the breakfast room . the only thing that would keep me away is the other guests that stayed here . call me snobby but i found there were too many noisy families with lots of young kids running around . 
i live in chicago and stayed here for a bachelorette party . it has a fantastic location because it is by so many restaurants , bars , etc . one major problem is that when the reservation was made , we requested a cot . it wasn ' t in the room so we called down to the front desk and the said that it wasn ' t noted on the reservation and that we couldn ' t have one . at that time we asked if we could get some extra pillows and blankets and we were told that if we wanted those that we ' d have to come down and get our own . if i ' m paying well over N for a hotel room for one night i better be getting that kind of thing brought to me . 
this is a typical w hotel , which , for us , made it a lot of fun . it ' s got a great , hip lobby with lots of stuff going on all the time . they have a good restaurant , and it is right within walking distance of lake michigan and navy pier . the mag . mile isn ' t too far ( several blocks ) , so it is a little trek . . . but if you ' re young and don ' t mind walking a lot , then it is doable . the rooms are fantastic . the beds , as always are wonderful . the view was good , as well . overall , if you can find it at a good deal , i ' d recommend it . it was a little pricy though . 
my fiance and i stayed at the allerton for a long weekend to take in the sites of chicago as well as attend the bears game on N N N . it was our first visit to chicago and the central location the mag mile was perfect- walking distance to everything ! pros safe , central location walkable to everything , clean rooms , yummy breakfast , great fitness center , raul -waiter during breakfast was great , bellhops very cordial , o ' hare travel board with arrivals and departures right in lobby . cons ambulances , police cars going to northwestern trauma center around the corner with siren at all hours of the night is tough on light sleepers , check-in staff was somewhat lethargic and not exactly eager to please , bar lounge was sometimes not staffed and did not offer as great of scene as adjacent hotels . despite the cons , i would visit again , as it was well priced and convenient . 
we have stayed at the essex three times , all as an overnighter before catching the train . on this particular trip we wanted a room that faced navy pier so we could watch the fireworks from our room . the desk clerk worked with us until we found just the ' right ' room . we were given an amazing room with the perfect view . the clerk was so helpful and friendly , we felt quite pampered . the location is fantastic . we have had queen , king and suite type rooms and all have been clean and comfortable . folks who don ' t like the essex most likely don ' t like old nostalgic hotels . this one evokes an old chicago feel with modern day comfort . perfect for the middle-aged who appreciate good service , good value and don ' t need a lot of modern-day frills . 
very good hotel for short stays . the room ( two double beds ) is not big , but well arranged . the staff is very nice and helpful . the hotel is one block from michigan ave ( magnificent mile ) , just south of northwestern law and medical school . restaurants and boutiques nearby , N or N min walk to navy pier , millenium park , about Nmin walk for the loop . nice walking area . free wifi . 
the homewood suites were a perfect central spot for exploring all the chicago highlights . we were close by to shopping , the theatre , and plenty of good restaurants . trader joe ' s was just around the corner so we picked up some bottled water , wine and fruit on the first day . the free trolley was a great option to get to attractions and tours near the pier . the only thing i would not recommend around the hotel is the espn zone bar restaurant . the free daily breakfast was convenient and had plenty of options . the free wireless in rooms and business center were also nice . our room was very large , but could have used some updating . we would not hesitate to stay here again on a future trip . 
this hotel is in a great location downtown and , from what i can tell , a good bargain . ( i had a convention rate of N night . ) i can personally recommend the housekeeping staff -- i left a drawerful of stuff behind , by accident , and a staffperson cheerfully arranged to have it shipped promptly to my home , no charge . a big bonus - there ' s a trader joe ' s grocery store in the ground floor of the hotel , a great place to pick up snacks and drinks . ( my room came equipped with a fridge and microwave if i hadn ' t been there for a conference , i could ' ve eaten very cheaply and relatively healthfully if needed . ) the staff members that handled our conference meals and gatherings were attentive and professional . only small negative , the downstairs lobby is small and tends to be crowded and noisy . ( i was able to check in quickly , though . ) also , the elevators are slow my advice if you ' re fit , get a low floor and find the stairs . they ' re carpeted , and accessible with a key card , so i felt safe . the restaurant downstairs , eleaven , was good and inexpensive - great bagels . 
the hotel has a very cool lobby , and the staff is great- very helpful and responsive . it has the usual kimpton happy hour , which is always a hit with guests . our room , however , was tiny and loud . as i have stated in other reviews , i am sensitive to noise issues at hotels- the walls at this hotel were paper thin , to the point where a person could hear drawers closing and hangers being hung . also , there was no way to escape hall noise . thank goodness our neighbors in the rooms were not loud guests . i would not go out of my way to stay here again . 
after reviewing several hotels my friend and i decided to book through priceline - big mistake ! we drew the short stick and wound up with hotel felix . we were taking a last minute girl ' s trip to chicago for a long weekend . i knew felix was a boutique hotel - no big deal , just needed two beds . i contacted denise -- ( head of reservations ) weeks in advance and she was not only rude , but the least bit helpful . we were crammed in the worst room with one queen bed on a floor with a view of neighboring parking lot . the only positive was that the bed was very comfortable , then again i was sharing it with my friend so it wasn ' t even worth enjoying ! if hotels do not wish to accommodate customers who book through third party sites , they should not list their extra rooms through partners like priceline , orbitz , expedia . . . . i will do my very best to avoid this hotel and the inconsiderate staff in the future . be warned ! 
i know i ' m going to enjoy my stay at a hotel when the staff at the check in desk is friendly enough to joke around with you . we booked a king deluxe room that has an extra sitting area . the price was very reasonable ( N a night , booked right before we got there ) since we were there for the rsna conference and every other hotel jacks up their prices to be N ( best western ) to N ( hilton ) . i wasn ' t willing to pay that much for a regular hotel that required paid valet parking and i would still have to drive or take a shuttle to get to the mccormick center . if you aren ' t traveling alone , the walk from the hotel to the center was very short and safe enough . as a girl , i would not walk it alone at night but would still feel completely comfortable with walking it in the day . it only took us N minutes to walk to the west part of the center . the doors are open even though it was not in use during the conference so it was not hard to get to the lakeside center . i was also able to park my car right in the courtyard of the hotel which was fully gated and required a key card to get in . i could even see my car from our room window . the first thing i noticed when i walked into the room was the layout . i didn ' t think having an extra seating area would be anything special for the extra N a night but i liked it ! it was large enough for us to sit there and eat comfortably while keeping it separate from our sleeping area . the room had a large mini fridge and a coffee maker . it did not have a microwave but the staff at the front desk was absolutely wonderful and microwaved our left overs for us . we went to joy yee restaurant in chinatown our first night and had soo many leftovers . the food was great and cheap . chinatown is very close and i did not sense any bad neighborhood vibes from it like other reviewers mentioned . if you ' re aware and careful , any area is safe . i ' ve yet to be robbed once or had a problem my entire life and i ' ve traveled all over the world ( knock on wood ) . the bed was a regular king size bed which was satisfactory . the tv was flat screen and wonderful for my boyfriend ( espn . . . ) the bathroom was large and the shower curtain rod is rounded so it makes the large tub even bigger . the shower curtain was a bit short though for when you ' re taking a shower and you put the curtain inside . i did have to go buy bar soap because the one there contained aloe and i ' m allergic to it . what i wasn ' t expecting the most was the cleaning service . they came early ( N N ) but since we were there for the conference , it wasn ' t a problem . they go away if you lock it and don ' t open the door too . but what i was surprised about was how clean they made everything ! the lady even put a face towel under our items on the bathroom counter top . she threw away our empty drinks on the sitting area table too . the linens were always nice and hair free . the lobby area of the hotel was very modern but also very comfortable to sit around it . they had lots of couches and tables . people were always there working away on their laptops or sitting around reading books . even with people there all the time , there was also always enough seating that you could find a space . i don ' t know how much more i can praise this place but if i ' m coming to chicago for the conference again next year , i ' ll definitely be back . 
i have stayed at the burnham a few years ago and while originally i was happy to be back , i think the service is slipping--or certainly was not great when i was there . i booked a room at the burnham as the palomar ( in which i have stayed in twice this spring ) was full . the location is still good for tourists . the hotel is located in the loop area blocks from millennium park and the geary stage , near the art institute , and close to all the major museums and aquarium . nordstrom rack next door , and starbucks a few doors down . the hotel is a great historic building and so the room sizes vary . i paid and signed up for a kimpton upgrade online . i was told it was granted ( via email ) but surprisingly when i checked in at N N pm , the room i was given was smaller than the rooms i typically have occupied at this hotel . it was the smallest double i have ever seen ! ! it certainly was not an upgrade and when i mentioned it to the front desk that it was a low floor , no view , and really tiny , they said it was all they had . i found out later that it wasn ' t the case and another employee admitted it wasn ' t an upgrade and the hotel wasn ' t full . i don ' t know if i was given such a dinky room since i checked in so late in the day , but i had business meetings since my arrival on a N N am flight that morning and didn ' t have time to come to the hotel earlier . i had to remind the staff that i was a kimpton in touch member and ask for the coupon that usually is handed to a member on arrival . they tried to tell me i wasn ' t an in touch member ( which i found funny since i had stayed in a kimpton hotel twice in may--chicago and dc ) but they finally located the envelope addressed to me with the coupon . they didn ' t apologize . i spent the evening outside the hotel at a private party and then dinner--at rl which is one of my all time favorites . when we returned , i wanted to go have drinks with my sister and found out that the hotel restaurant and bar closes at N pm . since it wasn ' t busy , apparently they were closing at N N pm instead--it seemed rather early for a friday night . --and couldn ' t give us a glass of wine to take to our rooms . so i asked the front desk for a recommendation but they said they didn ' t know anything in the area that was open . so i asked about room service--thinking we would order a bottle of wine . the person at the desk said his colleague ( who was standing next to him ) handles room service and referred me to him . problem was that the colleague was on a personal phone call right at the desk ! i literally waited over N minutes listening to him talk to his friends loudly and finally just gave up and went upstairs . i was only there N night ( flew in for business , checked in at N N pm , immediately left the hotel for dinner and returned at N N pm and then checked out the next morning and went to o ' hare ) so it didn ' t really matter but i will not be staying at this kimpton in chicago again . i admit i am disappointed as i used to love this hotel and raved about it to friends , but the service seems to have fallen . don ' t get me wrong , the hotel is adequate but merely average . i stay in kimpton hotels around the country and their standard is so high , that the average stands out as below the bar . next time i will be staying at the chicago palomar whose service is up to the usual fantastic kimpton standard . 
my wife and i traveled with our three elementary-school-aged children for spring break . we ended up at the palomar because of the excellent " grand opening " rates which allowed us to book a suite rather than two separate rooms . simply put we had a wonderful stay . from the bellman to the room service waiter , every member of the staff was exceedingly kind , courteous , and worked hard to please . chic " boutique hotels " can be a bit intimidating for families , especially those with small children , but everyone made us feel like we were the " coolest " of their " cool " guests . the suite room was spotless , hip-ly furnished , and huge . the similarly ample bath with marble shower and jetted soaking tub was fantastic . we ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant , and again , the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating , especially our waiter . the food was excellent . we ate other meals out , as the hotel is located in the middle of some of the best restaurant territory in chicago . there were some " grand opening " glitches , that really do not merit mention . the fire extinguishers were still wore their the construction dust covers . construction dust and dirt bubbled up in the soaking tub ( at least i hope it was construction dust ! ) room service brought meals without any silverware . there were no pillows or blankets for the kids ' pull-out bed . all of these problems were quickly and efficiently remedied with a call to the reception desk . all in all , we will definitely consider returning to the palomar at our next opportunity . 
even if we didn ' t have a terrible experience with the front desk about the inadequacy of our first room , i would have to comment on how the hotel has deteriated since our stay just a year ago . the staff is still extremely cordial ( except for our checking in experience ) , but our room was in terrible shape . the sliding closet doors would absolutely not move . one was open so we had access to the hangers but could not use the safe which was behind the closed part . the magnifying mirror in the bathroom was on a loose bracket and could not be used because it hung so low , not to mention that the light on it did not work . the chair at the desk had upholstery so worn that the stuffing was coming through . it looked like it should be on the sidewalk for garbage pickup . this is very sad because we were looking forward to our return after a wonderful stay last year . 
loved this place ! ! it is a very convenient train ride from midway airport , and only a block or two away from the randolph station . we arrived at noon , and even though checkin wasn ' t until N we got our two rooms immediately , which was really nice . my room faced the river and had a huge cushioned window seat ( easily the size of a single bed ) . the king sized bed was very comfortable , and the bedding really nice . turndown service each night is a great little extra . we had not expected to come back to a filled ice bucket and chocolates on the pillow . the toiletries are very nice , and we appreciated having an umbrella left in the room . my brother had a " tall " room which he liked ( longer bed taller shower ) , but his view was of the roof and his ice bucket wasn ' t filled one night . we had the bellhop hold our bags since we weren ' t leaving town until well after checkout . we had no problems with this either . you are in easy walking distance to macy ' s , nordstrom rack , goldcoast dogs , the cta , a number of bus stops , and just a few blocks from tons of other stores and restaurants . we noticed many people with their dogs , but did not hear any barking in our room . we would definitely stay here again . 
stayed at the sofitel for N night . the location is perfect blocks away from the magnificent mile ( michigan ave . ) . if your there just for a few days then use public transportation . the hotel is only a few blocks from the red line and from most buses . the staff was extremely helpful and friendly . the concierge was full of useful information . the room was beautiful . we had a king room on the Nth floor . once i laid down on the feather bed i didn ' t want to get back up . it was almost sinful how comfortable it was . the down in the featherbed is treated to be allergen free . my wife who is allergic to down had no problems . the room was decorated very nicely . pictures on the walls , there was a chaise to lounge on . we ordered room service sunday morning . the food came within N minutes . the food was hot and very good . the sofitel is now my favorite hotel in chicago . 
i got stuck with this hotel using priceline . this place is nowhere near the star ratings i ' ve seen it at . the place was dingy , dirty , and smelly . the bed was horribly uncomfortable , and the desk staff was rude and unpleasant . their valet would park your car for you but you can save some by parking it yourself a block or so north at the garage attached to the four seasons . i would never stay here again and would most certainly not recommend it to anyone else . 
they charge your credit card at the time of booking not at time of arrival . do not do this ! this is a scam-ish deal . they will not refund if something goes wrong . . . . . . also they turned off heating system . no heater ! ! ! ! temps out were Nish . . . no fun cold room and very hard bed . 
this hotel is perfect . it ' s location is just right for a weekend trip to chicago as it ' s close to the downtown loop area but also close to lincoln park , the navy pier , and the lake . it ' s within blocks of the hancock building and michigan avenue but not in the super touristy water tower place . the hotel itself is beautiful . . . new but with lots of character and interesting touches . it ' s a modern boutique style but softer and , i think , better done than a w . the room was large and extremely comfortable with great touches and a super comfy bed . the staff was extremely gracious and upgraded us to a suite when our room wasn ' t ready upon our arrival ( we were a bit early , around N ) . and , everyone we encountered on the staff was upbeat and helpful . we would definitely return to this hotel and highly recommend it . 
great location on michigan avenue , yet old and tired . heat in room is so loud , hard to sleep . needs a shot in the arm . the staff is good though ! 
the design of the hotel makes for some noise issues but overall it ' s a pleasant experience . the front desk staff , clem in particular are very helpful , polite and professional . clem went out of her way to provide information and to help ensure that our needs were met . people are very eager to write negative reviews but i wanted to take the time to compliment clem on being a superior customer service represenative . the free morning breakfast is much better then expected offering a vast assortment of choices . i have had some bad complimentary breakfasts but this one was very good . located within walking distance of navy pier , shopping and restaurants , the lakefront embassy is a good choice for your chicago stay and with the addition of clem it becomes a great choice . 
my stay at the conrad was wonderful . this hotel is so beautifully decorated and my room was very luxurious . one of the very best parts of my stay was the central location of the conrad to almost everything of interest in chicago . i was able to walk to millinium park , the art institute , all the shops south on michigan avenue and i was able to walk north to oak street , the historical water tower and more great shops along the way . another very important observation was that the staff is so friendly and accomodating . makes an out of towner feel very welcome
the hotel was in a fabulous location and the staff was nice and remembered all the things i had requested before check-in . i can ' t wait to go back to this hotel . 
our experience at the allegro was overall excellent ! my sister was married there and we stayed there . we were treated like kings and queens by the staff . anything we needed they accomodated . the hotel was immaculate , tasteful and fun ! very warm and inviting no matter where you are from . N great bars and a restaraunt . great place for special events . the regular rooms are a bit small , but nice . the suites are beautiful ! highly reccomended ! ask for carlo if you are planning an event ! ! 
i would not have even bothered writing a review about this hotel if were not for the fact that they ran out of cribs . i expressly stated when i made our reservation that we needed a crib for our infant toddler . when we arrived we were told that they ran out . i asked why . the front desk said that a family extended their stay and needed to keep the one they were using and the hotel did not have any extras . i then asked why , when it became clear that your guests were staying an extra night , you didn ' t make provisions to get more cribs since you knew we were coming . ( i mean , come on , did they think we were not going to notice ? ) after a very long song and dance , where i was made to feel like i was making a fuss , the front desk got someone to go and buy a portable crib from a nearby shop . fortunately , even though it was a holiday weekend , they managed to do this . after this experience , i am not sure i would stay here again . ( there was also hardened dried snot embedded into one of the bedsheets . clearly , the laundering facilities leave something to be desired as well . ) that said , it is right next to the arts institute - which is a major plus if that is the main thing you are doing . 
i had returned to my room one evening and the room was hot . adjusting the thermostat did no good . a hotel engineer happened to be on the floor so i asked if he could look at it . he reset the thermostat and sensor and indicated that if it did not cool down to call again in N minutes . unfortunately , it did not cool down so i called downstairs and another engineer was at my door in minutes . i explained to him what had happened and he asked me to hold tight and he would be back in N minutes . he was back in N minutes with a new ac on a trolley . he slipped the old unit out , put the new one in and the room was now cooling . this took no more than N minutes of his time and i was back to being comfortable . having had this issue before i have run into enginners spending an hour trying to fix the unit or having to move to another room . not here . this is the way these issues should be resolved . my kudos to the engineering staff of the w . these are the small things that tell customers how important they are . 
we spent two nights at this awesome hotel in february N for our visit to the oprah show . everything was perfect ! pros price- N for weeknight with aaa location-one block from redline and a few blocks from michigan ave , starbucks and N-N ( with wine , beer , liquor ! ) a block away , attached to an italian restaurant and ruth ' s chris ( happy hour food for N from N-N ) , many bars and restaurants within two blocks . rockit bar grill was very good and reasonably priced ( N-N entrees , N-N drinks ) . clean friendly staff breakfast was awesome ! waffles , eggs , sausage , cereals , fruits , yogurt . very good selection open N-N . very comfortable beds pool hot tub but we didn ' t use cons ( neither are that bad , but just to make you aware ) valet parking was N . there is a garage next door which ranged from N-N but we didn ' t really check it out . noisy-duh ! ! right next to a fire station but they provide ear plugs . this why i rated sleep quality a N . i am planning on back in the spring when there is not N inches of snow on the ground ! ! ! 
hotel is located well in chicago , in walking distance to many popular sites and attractions , such as navy pier , magnificent mile , and hancock building ( longer walk ) . hotel amenities are ok , certainly the hot breakfast ( but expect lines ) , and attractive suites , but there isn ' t an in-room safe or free web access . some lamps failed to work in the suite , and batteries for tv remotes need replacement . bedrooms are maintained nicely by the housekeeping staff . i liked our view to the south , and you could also see lake michigan . easy access to lobby and street with efficient elevators . device in lobby that allows you to print boarding passes for flights was not providing that feature . also , pool was closed for a whole day unexpectedly . breakfast food good , especially the quickly but well prepared omelettes . bacon was delicious and plentiful . free cocktails and soft drinks in early evening is a nice thing , but it ' s very impersonal . don ' t expect a cocktail party , as many guests pick up drinks and bring them up to suites . if the price is right , then you should consider staying here . 
my stay at the drake was wonderful from start to finish . staff went out of their way to accommodate me from changing rooms to sending someone up to help me figure out the tv remote . i arrived on prom night and the lobby was full of highschool students ready for a night of partying . i was afraid the noise may be heard in the guest rooms but i didn ' t hear a thing all night . the bed was so comfortable too . when my stay ended , i had a great send off when the door man was so pleasant and hailed a taxi for me . 
chicago the chicago marriott hotel magnificent mile , okay but had some serious problems . january Nst N reviewer trip advisor member i had a reservation at the chicago marriott magnificent mile checking in on january N-N N . upon check-in the young lady was wonderful . she noticed in my reservation that i ' d request a complimentary upgrade if it was available . there was availability for an upgrade and i was very happy . this was a treat to myself for new years staying on the magnificent mile in chicago ) . my sister and i checked into the room which had a wonderful view of the city . however i was a little disappointed with the room considering i had just stayed at the marriott atlanta airport on new years eve and the room was simply beautiful and they had just been renovated as well . my sister and i decided to go to the bar for drinks . yes , it was crowded busy . we stood at the bar for N minutes while the bartender totally ignored us . we were standing behind N empty bar stools and watched the bartender take orders from the guest on both sides of us . ( left right side ) we watched the bartender go to the other side of the bar to wait on another guest and we were there first . finally , N men who were also guest at the hotel came over to us and said we ' ve been watching you ladies stand here asking for his attention and the bartender continued to ignore you . one of the men had to literally get the bartender attention and said to him these ladies have been standing here waiting to buy a drink for atleast N minutes or so . yes , that ' s when the bartender came over to serve us and yes he saw us standing there trying to get his attention before the nice men came forward . i was very embarrassed because i ' m also bragging about how nice marriott treats it guest and especially their elite members as compared to hilton . i tried to speak to someone about my concerns but there was only one person at the concierge desk and he had long line and the young lady who checked us in was only the young lady working checking people into the hotel , her line was long . there was N or N empty positions with nobody working standing there to assist the guest . if they were working they didn ' t come out to help the young lady . i have stayed at several full service marriott hotels and i have never seen only one or two people working when it ' s extremely busy especially during the holiday season . if there ' s more than three people in line at a full service marriott you will definitely see another representative come out of the office to help out . therefore i just gave up . i wanted to stay there for new years eve and i ' m glad that i didnt . the rooms are over priced for it ' s decor . and i am talking about the concierge floor room . the hotel was suppose to have been renovated . perhaps they need to visit other marriott hotels to get some ideas . i would have been very upset with myself if i had moved forward with my plans to stay at this hotel for new years eve only to be disappointed with my room and the awful customer service that my sister and i recieved . i am not going to discuss the service during breakfast in the resturant upstairs . the food was great the service was awful . this was very embarrassing and especially being a platinum member with marriott . i ' ve been an elite member for N or N years and this is truly a disappointment . this was my first time ever staying at this hotel and was looking forward to staying there . on the internet the rooms looked great and just being on the magnificent mile in chicago i really expected everything to be on point and it wasn ' t . i only stayed one night and checked out of the hotel . 
stayed here for a conference october N-N , N . we had a group rate of N but found out the room really went for N ! we flew in at N N am and the hotel let us check in early at N - we were exhausted so this was welcome . we upgraded to a window room - room N . this is a fabulous room with great views of the chicago river , navy pier and lake michigan . hotel is in a great location - we walked to restraunts , museums , parks etc . . . the mag mile is very close as well . the bed , as noted in earlier posts , is not what i would expect from a hotel as nice as this . but it was still comfortable . the staff have impeccable manners ! i think this is what you pay for - parking is N day , the gym is N day , the restraunt is very pricey etc . . . but the staff treat you like royalty . one very simple , but very appreciated touch was the water service in the front lobby . it was ice cold and filled with citrus - very refreshing after walking the city , even on cold days . 
we stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers while taking my son and daughter back to school . a week prior we stayed at the w in chicago on lakeshore drive . while both are fine starwood properties , the w was loud and pretentious . the sheraton , on the other hand , impresses in its understatement . it is simply a classic hotel , well appointed , and comfortable . staff was helpful and friendly across the board , from the front desk to the cocktail waitress who brought us our well made drinks . this is my hotel of choice in chicago . 
be careful when booking your room through orbitz or another Nrd party . you can miss the fine print . the hotel can put you in any room they want , smoking or non-smoking , regardless of what you request . one step onto the Nth floor at the whitehall and you will smell what that can mean . the hotel should be ashamed to rent rooms with such a horrible stench , in the curtains , linens , carpet , everywhere . you and your clothes smell of smoke when you leave . basically , you have no choice and the staff is less than professional in they way they handle the issue . 
i have stayed here many times since my mother lives nearby and have experienced all of the things mentioned in other reviews worn furniture and rugs , holes in blankets , surly staff , indifferent cleaning , stuff that didn ' t work , noisy neighbors in moments of passion . but on this last visit i have to say things have improved . the bed was comfortable , the room was clean and looked like it had recently been renovated , the shower was great . it was very hot and muggy in chicago and the air conditioner worked great . there were plenty of towels and the internet was fast . the building is still showing its age but they are making an effort . the lady at the front desk was very friendly and helpful . it is still a great price and it is still the only hotel close to the university of chicago . taxis at the door and close to mass transit--train and bus--to downtown or mccormick place . it is certainly no luxury hotel but the rates are reasonable and it really isn ' t bad . i did not try the restaurant this time . the exercise room is rudimentary . 
we stayed at the amalfi hotel july of N . the check in was very smooth and quick . the room was large with lots of windows , however there was no view , we were on the Nrd floor , with a building right outside our window . the bed was very comfortable , pillow top mattress , feather pillows , and nice quality triple sheeting . the reception hour was wonderful . we had a great bartender and the appetizers were nice . the room was small , with not much seating , but other than that , all was more than acceptable . the location for us was perfect . we took advantage of the free trolley , which runs memorial day to labor day . 
stayed here N-N october for business . i couldn ' t help but notice that some of the " basic " rooms were much smaller than others . same for the bathrooms . the room i had was small but i had a king size bed . not much room for more than N people and i think even that would be tight . the hotel is old but they have put in an effort to keep it updated with the furnishings . the rooms are clean the entire hotel is clean . staff are friendly . it is a huge hotel and there were a lot of people . it is located in a nice part of the city and it is close to a lot of great shopping . i never needed to take a cab to the magnificent mile ( about N minutes to walk ) , and you are close to the macy s , jc penny , etc along state street . overall , a very good experience and i would definitely return . 
our room was quite nice and well equiped with amenities . the staff in the hotel were super nice and the concierge was great ! the location of the hotel was about N blocks off michigan ave . so it was a little less congested there and quieter . we walked every where the city was fantastic and all the venues from museums , restaurants , tours were the best ! we would definately go to chicago again and stay at the talbott . 
upon check in we were informed that " self parking " had no in-out privileges and was N . N per day . the valet option did have in-out privileges , so we chose that option , but it cost N . N per day . a total of N . N to park our car for two days at the hotel . the valet doesn ' t even bring the car to the front door , you have to go down to the basement to pick up your car . the parking charge was N N the cost of our room which we were not happy about , nor do they tell you that when you book your room . secondly , being the weekend before valentine ' s , my husband thought it would be a special surprise to have flowers in our room . he called the hotel a few days before our arrival and spoke to the concierge who assured him they could take care of that . he was referred to randolph florist , who also said , they do that all the time . well upon our arrival , no flowers in the room , spoiling the surprise my husband had planned . the hotel did have the flowers , they offered no apologies or explanation as to what happened with the flower delivery . thirdly , the hotel offers free wi-fi in the rooms , but we had difficulty on my laptop of getting a signal strong enough to use the wi-fi . we sure were disappointed and upon expressing our disappointment were referred by the concierge to log our feedback on tripadvisor . com . fourthly , we were attending the auto show and the hotel advertised a free shuttle to the convention center . the hours of the shuttle were Nam - Nam and then from N Npm - Npm . these times were not advertised anywhere on the hotel web site , only that there was a free shuttle . some other travelers waited over N minutes for the shuttle , that was supposed to run every N N hour . the hotel was convenient to . various locations within walking distance for food , etc . . . . but a return trip back to chicago will result to in us staying in a different hotel . 
i was so disappointed by my N-night visit . it felt neither as a four seasons nor a ritz-carlton ( with the exception of their wonderful staff and the good breakfast ) . the room was old and sparsely furnished . the bathroom among the smallest i have ever seen . the tub ( no separate showe ) was literally attached to the toile-- you had no option of a hand held shower either . at bed turndown the staff did the bare essentials , -- no water , no chocolate , no rug and slippers , no shutting of curtains . no international tv channels , not even cnn international . 
killer location . walkable to just about everywhere . terrific views . excellent fitness center . everything that i ' d expect from sheraton ' s premiere chicago location . 
i have stayed at the talbott a number of times , mostly for business and sometimes for pleasure . it is just beautiful , the rooms feel like a luxurious version of home and the staff could not be more pleasant . all that , and you are in walking distance of so much to do in chicago . . . the talbott really has it all ! 
i stayed at the westin on michigan avenue with my parents when visiting chicago in N . it is a fantastic hotel , with modern decor and absolute high class service ! from the moment you enter the lobby you immediately feel the westin touch . the front desk agents were competent and professional and i will never forget the impact the doorman had on our stay ! he was always smiling and seemed to absolutely love his job . . . the westin on michigan ave . is a must stay for anyone who s visiting chicago ! it is centrally located , and offers great value for N-star service ! 
this is a great location near the magnificent mile in chicago , and the hotel was recently renovated , so the rooms are high quality and very clean looking . there is a nice breakfast on the second floor , staff is attentive to needs , etc . we would definitely stay here again . i was really happy with being allowed to check into the suite early am , due to having a suite available , and the overall value of this property . no complaints at all . 
it was a beautiful hotel with great service however , better suited for business or adult only trips . the hotel was very expensive and in addition to the nightly stay we had to pay N for parking . we rented a movie one evening which cost N - i could have gone to other rentals and paid N . this was my first trip to chicago and i thought i was choosing a hotel within walking distance of the shopping and restaurants on the magnificent mile and i was wrong . the first night we walked and had to take a taxi back because it was simply too far for the kids . 
great location and the staff was super nice too , . . . but the rest is just an older hotel , period . i want to give it more than N because of the location and how easy everything is . . . but i just can ' t . the bathroom is super tiny , . . . don ' t even try getting ready to leave the room at the same time as your spouse . . . forget it ! some of the appointments are very tired and in need of an update . wall paper , fixtures , etc . nothing terrible , but noticable . i would go back for a quick weekend trip . the staff was nice and helpful , and as i said , the location is superb ! if i could give it a N . N i would , but i just quite can ' t give it a N . 
i loved it here ! my boyfriend and i booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our N nights here . ( i ' ve paid more to stay at the santa barbara motel N ! ! ) gorgeous hotel , great staff , fun bar lounge area and we were most impressed with the room . the large windows in the bathroom were the best--i took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of navy pier and the skyline . i remember thinking , " this is really living . . . " the room was comfortable and quiet , again with great views just like in the bathroom . chicago is a wonderful town--i have nothing but good things to say about it . can ' t wait to come back ! 
just a couple of blocks off n . michigan shopping and on the bus line . stayed here when it was the holiday inn N years ago and since into a nice property . 
booked into this hotel without really knowing the area , and wasn ' t really thrilled about the neighborhood . it ' s a bit of a remote location if you ' re a tourist , especially if you ' re used to staying on the loop or on mag mile the hotel is the tallest building on that side of the interstate , and it ' s only about N stories . check-in was frustrating we tried for an early check-in and were told the room would be ready in " about an hour " so we wandered to the adjacent grocery store and camped out in the starbucks there , as a rowdy wedding party had taken over the hotel lobby upon returning , we were told it would be another " half hour or so " and that pattern kept up for a full N hours or so . . . honestly if they ' d said it would be N hours from the get-go , we ' d have gone and done something , not hung around the lobby ! once in the room , the furnishings were quite nice , simple but stylish fairly comfortable bed ( the mister liked it more than i did ) , and everything very clean . we had a balcony but didn ' t spend much time on it . hotel gives free wi-fi which works quite well in the lobby and is painfully slow in the guest rooms . there is quite a bit of freeway noise but oddly it becomes soothing , like a white noise machine , after a bit . some of the doormen ( particularly the one who stored our bags ) are a bit surly . had breakfast at the adjacent hotel , dine . food was quite nice and prices were very good , especially by hotel standards . service , on the other hand , was completely absent . overall , i wouldn ' t stay here again simply because of the location they do charge mag mile rates and it ' s not a neighborhood that should command those prices . 
my boyfriend and i stayed at the avenue crown plaza for N nights . the hotel is half block off the magnificent mile and across the street from northwestern medical center . we walked to millennium park and oats beach . our king room was large with ample blankets . the bathroom was clean and spacious . we had a wonderful room with a view of michigan ave . the professional staff greeted us by name each time we passed through the lobby . the valet staff was courteous and quick with a compliment . the workout room is small but adequate . i would stay here again and again . 
the drake hotel is an excellent choice for anyone interested in staying along the ' magnificent mile ' . we arrived at the hotel about Nam and were very pleased when we were upgraded to a jr . suite and immediately given our room keys . our room was very large and very beautifully decorated . the hotel is convenient to all of the best shopping as well as the oak street beach area , which was fun to visit as well . my only ' complaint ' was that there was no where particularly close to walk to and grab a cup of coffee , but this was a small price to pay for such a beautiful hotel and location . i would definitely recommend this hotel . 
i am platinum elite with marriott and much to my surprise and disappointment upon checking in this past friday for a N night weekend stay was closure of the club lounge for the weekend . . . . actually every weekend . thinking there had to be alternative benefits ( breakfast in the restaurant , drinks at the bar . . . anything ! ) i inquired and was told rudely by the " elite check-in desk " staff that they would not offer me anything else , other than the spartan " welcome amenity . " not taking this without more inquiring , i called guest services and was given the same answer . clearly they encounter upset elite members on weekends and are ready with their abrupt and non-accommodating responses . my beef isn ' t as much with the lack of club access , but with the lack of notice by the hotel with my confirmation and the lack of an alternative benefit to make up for it . had i known this in advance , i would have stayed elsewhere ( and i assume they know this . . . thus why they don ' t tell you ) . i am diamond with hyatt and gold with hilton and have never run into this before . . . without at least some other benefit to make up for the lack of club access . clearly the marriott downtown chicago does not value elite guests . . . at least not on weekends . as for the rest of the hotel , it ' s fine , but nothing special . they ' ve spruced up the lobby , but the rooms are small , especially the bathrooms , and d cor is dated . plus this was the first hotel i have stayed at in a long time that does not have in-room wifi , only a single ethernet cable . there is wifi in the lobby though . i found this frustrating when using devices like my ipad and laptops . as for the positive , the location on michigan ave . is convenient and the restaurant named harvest had a tasty for breakfast buffet . however , be prepared to shell out a hefty N per person if it ' s not part of your room rate . my assessment . . . i won ' t stay here again . there are too many other hotels in the immediate area that offer better rooms and services that make the chicago marriott downtown a hotel that needs to reevaluate their competition and how they treat elite members . 
we was to the fairfield chicago for N nights in september , and that was second stay in " marriott " hotels in chicago . this hotel had really good price ( for good room , large , with sofa , N tv ' s ) at a higher floor . the room ( bed ) was confy , the hotel is really near michigan ave , good restaurants near the room and parking near the hotel . i go back to chicago next month and i will go back to this hotel ! 
the tremont is in a fantastic location for shopping at N n michigan or water tower place or going out in the city . the service by the staff was very pleasant and we had no issues . the valet stand attendants were great in getting us cabs and tending to our luggage . the room we stayed in was on the smaller side , the bathroom needed updating ( especially the paper thin towels ! ) , but the one main drawback was how thin the walls were . to not feel like a voyeur , i had to turn on the old tv to drown out the romantic activities of our neighbors . that was a bit uncomfortable . the price paid was reasonable ( use aaa ) for the city , but watch out for the outrageous valet charges for cars ( N day ) . this is pretty typical i found out , but still , it ' s a lot of money ! we also really enjoyed the food and hospitality at mike ditka ' s restaurant , attached to the tremont . overall , if you won ' t spend much time in your room , this might be a real find ! 
we have stayed here several times with our children , most recently in august N . the rooms are one bedroom suites with a living area that has a pull-out sofa , so mom and dad can have some privacy while the kids have their own place to sleep . the hotel is adjacent to the hancock tower so you ' re not far from everything . my only complaint is that the wireless internet access seems awfully slow . otherwise , we would stay here again with our children . 
we were greeted right away by the front desk person , tommie , who was very welcoming . he made sure everything was taken care of and was just overall great . the room ( a suite ) was small but clean and perfectly fine . the rooftop pool was wonderful , surrounded by chairs and very breezy which was welcome in super-steamy chicago . the food in the attached restaurant is also very good , we ate there twice . good pizza , excellent spaghetti ! would definately stay here again . 
what i look for in a hotel room is comfort but i didn ' t find that here . the rafaello is quite small and old to me . the service received was great , very friendly staff , but it stops there . 
a surprise Nth birthday gift of an overnight stay at the drake was the beginning of a lovely , lovely weekend . i have lived in chicago all of my life and have never stayed at this wonderful hotel . location of the drake is outstanding , the lobby is elegant , the coq d ' or lounge had lovely musical entertainment , my room had a wonderfully comfortable bed and linens , the hallways and room were quiet . the occasional honking of an outside car was part of the urban ambience for me . others might not appreciate that . in that case , request a room with a lake michigan view . it is a pricey hotel , but special pricing is sometimes offered . i would stay there again in a heartbeat ! 
i have booked my trip online and since i have been traveling without a car , i needed to stay in downtown . the location of the hotel was excellent and we had a room with a river view which was fantastic . this hotel also connects to the mall so the entrance is little bit tricky . there is an au bon pain next to the hotel which i have visited couple times for breakfast . i would definitely stay in this hotel again . 
stayed here recently for N nights and found the hotel really nice . located conviently for most things in chicago right on the riverfront . hotel itself looked fairly modern and staff were really friendly and helpful ( we had an error with the phones which we didn ' t know , and were charged N but the staff wiped the bill for us , which was a nice touch ) . would definately stay here again ! 
this was my second vacation to chicago ( Nst week of sept N ) and after lots of research and advice we chose to stay in embassy suites lakefront , downtown . this is an excellent hotel to stay in chicago . the suite was big enough to accommodate a decent family size ( we were N ) with even high school grade children . the hotel is conveniently located in the heart of downtown and is literally steps from all the places to visit like navy pier , magnificent mile , water tower , river cruises , restaurants , top shopping malls theaters and lot more . the area is family friendly and you can wonder around even in the late evening hours with family . the breakfast buffet package was fabulous and it had huge variety to select from and every thing to interest even the most selective eaters . the staff at the breakfast was very polite , professional and helpful . the room was clean and had two flat panel tv ' s so that children can watch there stuff in there room and you have your own screen to enjoy . surprisingly the room was big enough to have a small kitchenette , dinning table set , study , sofa bed and an extra vanity to help a family with early morning washroom rush . the house keeping staff was excellent and the room was cleaned and done nicely each evening when we returned back from all day tour . the room was very quite and no downtown noise even though it was on Nth floor and facing street and river . i will strongly recommend this hotel to everyone and you will not be disappointed with the price , quality , food and the luxury of the suite . for us this was worth every penny . i must mention that i like to travel frequently with family a few times every year and always stay in downtown of mega cities . this was " excellent experience " and will always look for embassy suites in future . congratulations to management and staff , keep it up . s choudry
i came to visit downtown chicago fir the first time on a weekend getaway for some shopping and sightseeing with my boyfriend . i thought this hotel would be great based on the star ratings and location . to keep things short -- front desk customer service was rude -- we booked online and we arrived from a long flight ( N hr red eye ) just to tell us that we can wait for N hours or look for another hotel rooms were clean , comfortable bed but very outdated ( it ' s known to be the oldest building in chicago , so understandable ) although location was great ! ! ! N-N minute walk to restaurants , shopping district , and many attractions . 
we were so pleasantly surprised by this hotel ! we got into chicago a night earlier than we ' d planned , and couldn ' t get a room at the sheraton , where we had a reservation to stay the rest of the week . we made an online reservation at the conrad hotel without seeing a picture of it , and when we arrived in chicago we were amazed at how wonderful this hotel was . we have two small daughters , N and N , and the staff was wonderful with them , even sending up milk and cookies to our room the first night . after our first night , we cancelled our reservations at the sheraton because we loved the conrad so much . it ' s attached to a great mall ( with a lego store for our girls to play in ! ) and the location of this hotel is as perfect as you could as for - right by the chicago river on michigan avenue , across the street from the chicago tribune building and a block from the wrigley building . a perfect experience , and everyone from the front desk to the bell desk to the room service employees were fantastic . we never expected to have such a great time at a hotel that looked like it ' d be too nice for us to stay in with our little ones ! and , a great price ! we payed almost N less per night than we would have paid at the sheraton ! ! ! the conrad was great , and saved us a ton of money ! any time we return we ' ll only stay at the conrad ! 
nice hotel . pleasant staff . rooms were very nice , but ours was quite small . i thought it was still a good value , because we paid less for the room than what i could have paid at a comparable hotel in the area . for N nights it was fine , and we didn ' t spend a lot of time in the room . the location is excellent . short walking distance to willis tower and the art institute . a bit longer walk to cross the river and go into the heart of the magnificent mile . took a cab back home from the water tower for about N including tip . there is a starbucks right outside the front door and plenty of other places around for a good , close , cheap breakfast . i would highly recommend valet parking for the few extra dollars you pay , especially if you are checking in during the week as the traffic is insane and there is nowhere good to park your car to drop off luggage . if i wanted to stay in that part of chicago again , i would certainly consider staying at this hotel again . 
we booked thru hotels . com ( mistake N ) . when the N of us got to the silversmith they did not have a room with two beds for us . they had a choice of two very small rooms with one bed and a roll-a-way bed . they did not even offer for us to have both rooms . when we said this is not acceptable they said that they couldn ' t do anything about it since we booked thru hotels . com . we were only guaranteed a room , not a room with two beds . the l train is right in front of the hotel and kind of loud . the night we were there there was a shooting in that neighborhood . we only stayed there one night and will never stay there again . 
this was my first time visiting chicago , and i booked the allerton through hotels . com . the hotel is in a perfect location on the magnificent mile . we walked pretty much everywhere we went . there is an l station a few blocks away . the room was not huge , but it ' s a big city and it ' s expected . the room was very clean , bed very comfortable and the bathroom was great . the lobby is not on the bottom floor , which is a little awkward . however , the bell men are great and ensure you get your luggage to the right place . the lobby was nice , with a firepit and a great bar to relax in at the end of the day . i didn ' t interact with the staff all too much , but when i did , they were very friendly and helpful . i couldn ' t see any reason not to recommend staying here for your trip to chicago ! 
i stayed at the james with my boyfriend back in august for a N day trip to chicago . we found a good value on expedia and based on the positive reviews , we decided to book it . we are very glad we did - the bed was extremely comfy ! we also loved the " modernized " look of our room . for our next visit to chicago this summer , we will definitely stay here again . ps it is in an extremely convenient location . near the subway and shopping . literally right beside the luxe ( wonderful place for lunch ) . 
stayed here in march due to family illness . my Nst time in a motel as i normally stay in the bigger hotels with flight deals . this place did not disappoint as other posters on here have said . this did help me decide on staying here . the room is spacious with a queen bed , tv , fridge , table chairs etc . the staff are very friendly helpful . they do a breakfast bun , bagel , fruit , orange juice and coffee . if you need to go down town you can order a yellow cab and costs about N - N dollers over all i would definately stay here again when in chicago . 
stayed at the embassy suites downtown for N nights to attend a business conference . the location is fantastic , with no need to rent a car if you can make it to the hotel without one ( take the airport shuttle or taxi ) . everything is in walking distance , great restaurants close by , and in a safe area . the front desk managed to find a free king suite upon my request at check in , since i had been reserved a double by mistake . rooms kept clean , the bed was very comfortable , absolutely no problems with the room . the extra value is in the daily breakfast and manager ' s reception . even if the line seems long at breakfast , it moves quickly , and there are always tables available by the time you need one . the nightly happy hour is a nice change from the N dollar drinks you will pay at area restaurants , so take advantage of it if you ' re so inclined . not premium brands , but hey , it ' s free . it was also very nice to be greeted upon returning from to the hotel each evening with a friendly , " welcome home ! " by the porter . they seem to make an effort to be friendly and warm . i would use this hotel again . 
had a great stay at chicago marriott downtown mag mile . the location was perfect for all of the sightseeing in chicago , most in walking distance . the lobby had a great atmosphere and was a nice place to stop and check email ( you pay for internet in the rooms , but free wifi in lobby ) . our room was spotless ! the bathroom was on the small side , but i would trade cleanliness over a larger bathroom anyday . the service was great , we asked for a fridge upon check-in and it was delivered by the time we got back in from sightseeing . concierge staff was helpful with directions . there are plenty of options to eat and drink in the direct vicinity of the hotel . there were restaurants everywhere you looked . we did not get a chance to eat at the hotel restaurant so can ' t comment on that . 
if you dont wish to stay in downtown chicago , and lakeview is your favorite part of town , you cant go wrong with this place . . . very clean , comfy , little breakfast and great location . . so dont be discouraged by the best western sign , its way better ! 
i love that city , its a great place to get lost in . . . the hotel essex was great , the help was friendly , helpful , the pool was great . your right in the middle of things , the hustle and bustle . i would of stayed longer , but oh well you have to go home sometimes . 
i had a quit trip to chicago , and decided to try a hotel i have heard about , but never had an opportunity to visit the allerton hotel . what a great decision i made . my first impression was that the hotel staff was there to make my life easier . i was greated at my cab and the service was top notch from then on . there was a long line for check in , but instead of making people wait , additional staff came to help ( loved this ) . before bringing my bags up , they called to make sure it was a " good time for me " . . . . a simple task , but was appreciated . from directions from the bellman , to service at the lounge , it was one of the best experiences of service i have had . oh , and by the way , the rooms are beautifully decorated , cozy and had everything i needed . no need to mention that its a great location . i love staying at a hotel where i can walk everywhere , i only needed a cab to get me back to the airport . for work travel or leisure , this place makes travel easy and enjoyable . 
we were very pleased with our choice of hotel for the conference we attended . we had over N rooms booked and not a problem to be found ! the location was central to our conference venue ( mccormick place ) and in a safe environment in the city . the rooms were clean and updated , the breakfast was great with plentiful choices . the best part of the stay were the wonderful attentive staff on hand - it was more like concierge service ! with the many changes additions that were made to our group ' s stay , the staff was professional , courteous and more than helpful . when we come back to chicago - we will be staying here ! 
we got a great rate at this hotel ( N . N total ) for saturday night ( valentines day ) and we are glad we chose to stay here . this hotel does not have the fancy entryway foyer area , but oh my . . . . . what a wonderfully decorated room . this room was newly remodeled , with very current and new furniture , fresh paint and even a flat screen N inch hd tv ! ! ! ! ! we have stayed at many downtown hotels and have never had a room this " roomy " ! ! we had a king room and it was huge for downtown . this room and hotel is going to he our N choice from here on out , what a gem ! there is a rosebud prime around the corner and also a rosebud italian restaurant a block away , both great eats ! ! if you are going to stay downtown for a romantic getaway , look no further . . . . . . . hampton inn downtown majestic is the place to stay , hands down ! ! hampton inn . . . . . . . . . you have yourself a gem here ! ! 
if you want to sleep during your stay at this hotel , don ' t get a room on the Nth floor ! ( starwood preferred level ) the doors are paper thin and you hear every other guest ' s door slam shut starting at about Nam . there ' s about a Ninch gap under each door , so light blasts in throughout the night ( i did thow a couple pillows there to block the light and sound , but didn ' t work . ) the door dividing the adjoining guest room is completely ridiculous . . . it ' s so thin , you can hear the other guest using the bathroom and brushing their teeth . service from hotel staff is lacking . no one takes ownership for problems with the exception of one front desk agent named kira who was really amazing . 
this is a really great hotel in downtown chicago just off magnificent mile . it is has a wonderful art deco lobby in creams and yellows with dark wood . the rooms are large and beautifully appointed in pale greens , dark wood and gorgeous bedding . great restaurant , ben pao right across the street . had a fantastic dinner after a long day of travel . went to bed only to discover that opposite the hotel is the fire department . so in the middle of the night , on more than one occasion , we were woken by the sirens of the emergency vehicles heading out on calls . we won ' t be able to stay there again which is a shame because if it wasn ' t for the sirens we would rate this hotel a five star ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i tried them three times and each time they messed up my reservation . since my flight time gets me to the hotel about midnight there is little room for error - one time they actually checked me and sent me upstairs to a room that hadn ' t been cleaned . going back and forth to the lobby after a long day of travel is not my idea of good service . this last time - and it will be the last time- i had reserved a studio room , i had called the day of arrival to confirm that they had my reservation correct , was assured that they did , only to arrive at midnight and find that they were completely full and the only room available was a smaller room - which they thought they would charge me the higher rate for . to put a bad punctuation mark on a bad entry there was no internet available in that tiny room . i had not had that problem before , two calls to the front desk and the problem was still not resolved by morning . i would not recommend this hotel . the beds are pretty hard which some people like . 
stayed in room N in early june for N nights . stayed in the " main " tower this trip , but have stayed in the other on a previous trip . the room was very fresh with a partial view of the river . has all the usual amenities and furnishings of a hyatt . the staff was friendly and helpful . agree with other posters that the eating options are high - a bagel was N at the self serve and . N at starbucks up the street . the conference rate was not a bargain , but on previous stay got a great rate on hotwire . location is certainly great . i walked up the magnificant mile to N michigan stores , back down along the lake and then up the river walk . had lunch at the park cafe looking straight up at the " bean " and then walked down to the art institute . bottom line , great location , comfortable room , friendly staff and can be a good value . i would stay again . 
the hotel , as a whole , was great . the only N things that i thought left something to be desired , was the service at the restaurant and use of the business center . as far as the restaurant , most of the wait staff were clueless . each morning ( N of them ) , we had to wait and wait and wait . simple things like juice and ketchup were hard to get . although my company covered expenses , i thought N for eggs , home fries and toast was quite steep . ( N and up for a bagel and lox . ) i am a frequent business traveler , but never seem to get used to the prices in hotel restaurants . i tip quite generously , and one would have thought that the wait staff would remember a good tipper and make sure we were taken care of . ( not that others should be neglected ! ! ) the business center was rediculously over-priced . make sure you have your laptop and print whatever you need elsewhere ! ! on a good note , the staff were very accomodating , polite and helpful . the rooms are large , modern and clean . absolutely no reservations about staying there again , on business . 
have stayed here many times for business and with family . love the " parking included " ! always very friendly staff . location is very handy , great dinning within walking or taxi . rooms always clean , some are a bit small but not bad , comfortable beds . restaurant on property is reasonable . some hotel packages available through chicago attractions--check on the web ! this place makes going to chicago on a budget very appealing--will return . 
our family of N travels quite a bit so we ' ve had lots of hotel " experiences " . the amalfi was one of our most pleasant stays . the staff was friendly and helpful , the hotel clean , and the afternoon happy hour was divine ! each staff person we encountered seemed to enjoy their work and performed in top form . i believe this also reflects on the management - happy work environments create happy workers ! cudos to the trustworthy housekeeping staff who returned my forgotten " stuff " . some of these things were vacation purchases that still had tags on . they were returned in a timely manner intact . we will see you on our next visit to your beautiful city . the blake family from winter park , florida
stayd there july Nnd . . . room was smelly and outdated with a few new add-ons . . . . room was small as hell . . . . . no pool . . . N to park and they took forever to retrieve the car . . . . . . . we had a bill of N left under our door for a weed smell ? ? ! ! ! which was false and obsurd ! ! ! the whole hotel smelled of b . o ( body odor ) and gym socks . . . my hubby went the fu off on them . . pack our belongings and we checkd out . . . . . so that foul odor was . ur hotel and . lack of . cleaning . . . . stayd at avenue crown plaza on huron and luvd it . . . dont stay here the smell is dreadful and the staff are lying , under achiever , minimum wage working a s pple ( rude fu s ) . . . yes im still pissed
second stay at the knickerbocker . happened to go on one of the busiest weekends of the summer . tall ships , lolapolluza , art festival , cubs and white sox all going on . the room we stayed in was clean and nice . the only downfall is the fact that we had to sleep in a murphy bed . no N star hotel should have a murphy bed . beyond that , the staff was very helpfull and made the stay enjoyable . 
this hotel is really clean and so comfortable . it was a last minute reservatio and i am so glad that i stayed here . the staff was helpful and friendly . check in and out were hastle free and the entire stay was a pleasure . 
i stayed in chicago for N nights during a conference in november . the conference venue was at the hyatt regency , just a couple of blocks away from the comfort suites . the hotel was considerably cheaper , included internet and breakfast , pretty much everything the conference hotel didn ' t have . in addition , the location was superb next to the river on michigan ave , walking distance from shops , cafes , sightseeing locations , etc . the room was huge ! almost a self contained apartment with a kitchen , fridge , oven , room to iron , etc . the corridor was a bit smelly ( like a pipe burst or something ) , but the smell didn ' t go into the room . i will definitely stay here again if i ' m back in chicago ! 
we love this hotel . we take the train from o ' hare , which costs N . N ( one way ) . there is as stop right around the corner from the hotel . there is also a station right out the door of the hotel . it ' s very conveniently located as far as walking or taking the train . it ' s inside the loop . a very nice , comfortable hotel with a lobby that compares to few . sitting in the lobby having drinks and appetizers is so relaxing . we will stay at the palmer house any time we visit chicago . it ' s worth every penny . great rooms , great service and a beautiful hotel . 
four of us stayed at the hampton for a " girls ' day ( s ) out " and had a terrific experience . the hotel ' s mission decor was delightful , the linens luxurious , the rooms much larger than expected and absolutely spotless , and the staff exemplary . since we are all " of a certain age , " we were a bit concerned about venturing out sans husbands , but the staff was so helpful that our concerns vanished within N minutes . they gave us excellent advice and were so efficient about making ( and changing ) dinner reservations . when we checked out , they told us they would miss us and begged us to stay another day . believe me , we would have loved the opportunity since chicago is such a great city and the people ( and taxi drivers ) so friendly . we found the area very safe and walked almost everywhere , though we did take taxis to michigan ave . so we could conserve our strength for shopping ! we found excellent restaurants in the area , particularly le colonial ( french vietnamese , very upscale ) and keefers for steaks ( a bit pricey but absolutely delicious ) . also liked weber ' s grill for a quick , modestly priced meal before the theater ( very good ribs ) . the hotel breakfast was more than adequate and so convenient . though i am normally not a fan of hampton inns ( except for overnight stops when we are on the road ) , this one is definitely vacation quality at a good price . i look forward to returning with my husband for a longer stay . 
the hotel staff were very friendly and personable . the hotel was very tastefully done . although we were given one of the older rooms it was very clean . the furniture was a bit dated but that didnt affect the stay . the hotel was right next door to the john hancock building . on tuesday there is a farmers market one block away . you are within walking distance of anything you would want . and the bus system is wonderful . get a pass at the visitors center at the clock tower one block from the hotel . the pass is only N a day all you want to ride and transfer . we love the original pancake house for breakfast . ate there at least N times . also love the cheese cake factory for what else the cheese cake . take the boat tour of the city . it is truly beautiful . we found to be very safe in the area we were staying which is also only a brief couple blocks from lake michigan . i would definitely recommend a stay at the seneca and will definitely stay there again . remember though chicago is very expensive . but ask the locals and they will tell you of some good cheap eats . try ronnies in the theatre district . buffet style diner but fantastic if not the best steak i have ever eaten . 
we chose to stay at this hotel for my birthday weekend . the description of this hotel sounded right up my ally . we get there and have problems from the beginning with they way they kept trying to charge my credit card . music was too loud to hear what any of the front desk people were saying . we get into our tiny room and discover writing on the walls . a hot stuffy room with a air conditioner that barely works . a few of the many expensive snacks in the room had already been opened by previous guest and i was hoping my credit card wouldn ' t be charged for them . the design of the lobby and vibes that were thrown off were really nice . i just wish we hadn ' t ran into the issues we had . full review can be found here - www . -------------------- . com N N w-chicago-city-circle-hotel . html
i arrived at the sofitel for a joint leisure and business . it is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable . the rooms are spacious , great beds , pillows and linen . the bathroom has a great shower and bath . wifi works really well and the desk is large . the staff are wonderful . the location is great for shopping , spa ' s , starbucks and hairdressers . i loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it . 
modern and majestic modern hotel with amazing amenities . very friendly staff . great pool , gym , and spa . very high quality food in retraunt . overall excellent experience . 
we stayed here N night to go to american girl doll store and do some shopping . the hotel is in an excellent location--N broke from michigan ave . the room was very clean and they held our bags as would arrived early and could not check in . the front desk rep i think his name was gomez as great . i would stay here again in a heartbeat . got a great rate on travelzoo at N a night
we stayed at the hyatt regency on east wacker for five nights , from april N - april N . all i can say is that the savvy traveler either books elsewhere , or she brings along everything that you ' d expect an upscale hotel to offer . despite the fact that a huge conference was underway , we had no problems with check-in , and although we ' d booked through hotwire , it appears our room was larger and better-designed than others described ( or photographed ) here . the overall cleanliness was also fine . that ' s the good part . unfortunately , using the hotel ' s mini-hair dryer resulted in a blown breaker every day . the dryers are attached to the wall , so you can ' t move to a different outlet , and we eventually requested that an electrician check the dryer . he said the problem is that the wiring in parts of the hotel is insufficient for the demand--and i was getting up before N a . m . daily . the hotel offers no robes , and they ' re remarkably tight-fisted with the toiletries--in five days , we got fresh soap , lotion , etc . only once . we also had to call for coffee two of the five days--and on days when housekeeping did refresh our coffee supply , they typically left one sugar creamer packet . given the poor fit of the door , our room was subject to both the light and noise from the hallway all night long . the worst problem , however , was the total lack of ventilation . there was no fan in the bath , and although it was possible to regulate our heat , the fan in the room was insufficient to ever clear out the humidity from showers so the room constantly felt damp . our view was fine , but it was obscured by condensation on the inside of the window because of the humidity . this hyatt offered a service called the " exceptional stay . " given the lack of attention to the details you ' d expect from an upscale hotel , i think they have a way to go to move beyond the " okay stay " mark . 
we stayed N nights . some staff are excellant and could not do enough others are only ok and don ' t care . we checked in after a late arrival and they advised they had upgraded us toa studio . we had booked a king room and when we got to the studio it was a queen and was a smoking room . when we rang down it was like sorry there are no other rooms in the hotel . not quite an upgrade . bikes for free are good and concierge efficient at directing . rooms are nice , good size in the studi . hallways and lifts and lobby dated and smell a little . the steakhouse is excellant food . they gave us complimentary breakfast for the smoking room when i complained but it was only one thing on the menu and then they charged us on our bill . we went to stay at the w for the next N days and liked it better . we got a very good rate on expedia but if it was above N a night i would not stay here
the majestic is simply that as a nice quaint cute neighborhood hotel within walking distance to everything . i have been staying here since it was the brompton and love the fresh touches every time i come back . this past stay was wonderful from my check-in with richard to my delightful conversation with mona . the staff is great . rooms are great , while they are chicago size , they are clean and comfortable . i love the beds at this hotel . love the large bathroom as well . the majestic makes you feel comfortable and at home . 
stayed here for just one night after an evening on the town . room was quite large with a king bed , small desk , nice side chair and table . visually pleasing design . large flat screen tv was new . bedding i found to be pretty average , and a little skimpy on the pillows . bathroom was again very nicely sized . tub and shower were pretty average . nice towels and complimentary toiletries . complimentary wine service in the evening was a nice touch . did not use the gym , but it was pretty small . looked like about N total machines ( treads , elliptical , bike ) . equipment looked pretty new but it ' s a tight space . great service from the valet . parking was N night w in-out privilege . front desk staff was good . first rep gave me a room on N next to the gym . i was concerned about noise , and they were able to move us to another room far from elevators , etc . no drama , very professional . i would stay here again w o hesitation however , i find i have a preference for a more classic presentation vs . the ' hipness ' of this boutique hotel . ask yourself do you prefer a white bathrobe , or leopard print bathrobe ? hotel monaco is all about the animal prints . 
very nice hotel , worth the price , room was clean , in room computer was a huge bonus . . . loved it . traveling from upstate ny and looking forward to returning to the hyatt . 
i booked three nights here via hotwire for business and yes , the rooms are a bit small , but very comfortable and up to date . i did laugh when i banged my shin on corner of bed , as that seems to be a common complaint , but i did not mind the room at all . windows open , bed comfortable , bathroom has standup shower with big tiles and terrazzo floor , and big rainhead . very nice . rooms might be too small for a couple with a lot of luggage , but if you ' re traveling light , this seems to be a great choice . the shower didn ' t have water for an hour so they offered me a N voucher in the elate restaurant downstairs , which i thought was a nice gesture . staff was very nice , especially the guys who work the door . i parked across the street in lot which is N night . starbucks a block and a half away and the kerryman bar a block away had great food . free wifi also . 
staying at the hard rock in chicago is always a great experience . the location just south of the river on michigan ave . offers excellent views no matter what side of the hotel your room is on . clean rooms , comfortable beds and service that is fast and friendly make this the place to stay in chicago ! ! 
room N over the memorial day weekend . i have stayed at the ritz carlton and the four seasons here in chicago and they don t even come close to the pen . this hotel and their staff are exceptional ! the rooms are luxurious with large bathrooms featurein spererate tubs , shower and wc . there is a tv in front of the tub , a sitting area for the ladies and a lighting systems that took almost N days to figure out ! they do not nickel dime you on the extras like free internet which was fast and ample complimentary water bedside when turndown service was performed . the spa is a bit small but quite nice along with a narrow lap pool , hot tub , and small sun deck on the Nth floor facing east with stunning views of water tower place . the bar is well stocked , but expensive . we ate only in the lobby lounge for a late lunch and everything was quite good . the public areas are terrific , on the modern side with dramatic staircases . special thanks to kenneth , our concierge who recommended a very good restaurant . we can t wait to return . 
not fancy , no frills . . . just what we needed to be frugal on a room where we spent barely a wink . ( who spends time in your room in chicago ? ) everywhere we went we walked everywhere was within N mins . desk staff was helpful when asking questions . perfect for people on a budget , or wanting to spend money elsewhere in the city ! not to mention . . . free parking ! 
for the same price as nearby hotels , i got a N-room suite . bedroom with king bed , bathroom with toilet and shower separated by a door from the sink and closet . also a big kitchen living room and desk . free wireless didn ' t work in my room but did work in the lobby . staff was very helpful and offered to have me move rooms but the wired internet worked so i stayed in my original room and it worked great . kitchen had everything you would need for an extended stay . great location by restaurants , shopping and bars . full breakfast is free in the morning , as well as full dinner every evening . i ' m going to try to stay here every possible time i visit chicago . 
my boyfriend and i stayed at the knickerbocker over new years and checked out on the Nnd of january . we used hotwire and got this hotel . from the outside the knickerbocker looked great . i was worried when i read the reviews and well . . . they were pretty right on . we checked in about noon on the Nst but the room wasn ' t ready so we went down michigan to do some shopping . location is great , i do admit . we came back around N Npm and our room was ready . we were situated on the Nth floor at the end of the hall . we settled in and right away i noticed that the walls to the room are paper thin . i couldn ' t tell if my neighbour was opening his door or our door . when people talked in the room you can hear their exact conversation . the room was quite small and dark . i think we had a queen bed . the room was really musty smelling . i ' m sensitive but my boyfriend is not and he suggested lighting my travel candle . i suggest bringing one . the furnishings and decor were really out of date . their was a canopy over the top part of the bed and a mirror above your head . it was kind of spooky looking in my opinion . one of the pillow covers are covered in an old textile and i didn ' t trust it to be clean so i only used the one white pillow to sleep on . the bathroom had no bathtub , shower only . the tiles in the bathroom kind of looked old and dirty in my opinion . the bath products were no name so luckily we had our own to use . the clock radio has a cd players so that was a bonus as is the large tv in the room . we celebrated nye downstairs in the bar . they were very kind enough to let us order pizza and eat it there . the only thing that bothered me was the cigar smoke . i know it ' s new year ' s but it ' s gross . i used to be a smoker so i can complain . my clothes stank when i went back up to our room . when i went back to the room i smelled cigarette smoke . i don ' t know if it was from the hall or our neighbours but i know smoke when i smell it . the mini-bar fridge is like a vending machine so if you are looking to store leftovers from dinner or something , you can ' t . i don ' t think that i ' ll stay here again if i had a choice . i suggest going to a website called ------- to get an idea of what hotel you might get from sites like hotwire and priceline . 
good hotel in a nice area within walking distance to good restaurants and shopping . 
stayed here two nights for a business meeting . walking distance to rush st . bars , but no in-room coffee pots , so morning can be difficult . flatscreen tv , N phones , desk , reading chair , dresser , N end tables . bose cd alarm clock . very nice closet , and a terrific , comfortable king-sized bed . dial thermostat worked fine standard smoke detector and sprinkler . beautiful well-lit closet . seperate tub and shower with good height , well-lit mirror , and plenty of hot water . no great view from the southwest side . i parked in the parking garage next door which is not affiliated with the hotel and had no issues . internet is an extra N per day which i did not pay for . check in was a N minute wait to find out they had no rooms ready ( at noon ) , i returned at N N and waited another N minutes for my key . at checkout i had to revisit the desk and waited about N minutes for by bill to checkout ( just before Nam ) . also , no newspaper at the door during my stay . 
every january , several girlfriends go to chicago for a weekend of shopping , dining , theater , and fun . we have known each other for N years , and have been coming to embassy suites , downtown chicago for the last N years . roberto , the doorman recognizes us each year , and gives us a warm welcome each time . the staff is always friendly , accomodating and efficient . richard , the concierge was very helpful this year , obtaining our boarding passes for our trip home , and last year secured us seats at the last minute for jersey boys . we love this hotel , and would recommend it to everyone we know that wants a home away from home when they travel to chicago . the location is perfect , the breakfasts are wonderful , the suites clean and spacious . great place ! ! ! mj phillips farmington hills , mi
we just stayed at the park hyatt chicago for the first time . our american express card had a special for this property so we decided to try it out . we have stayed at many hotels across the country and all types . this was the best by far than many others . they put us on the Nth floor with a gorgeous view of michigan avenue and the lake . the room was a nice size with a window seat , large desk table , a herman miller recliner chair with ottoman , a N " flat screen television and king size bed . the bed had a feather mattress on top of the mattress and the most soft pillows . i have never had a bed that felt like sleeping on clouds ( and we have stayed in many N star hotels ) . i had the best sleep and woke without headaches . the cable satellite tv service was a little weird at times , but not too bad . i can ' t forget the electric curtains and all the light and curtain switches by the bed . my husband couldn ' t get over that . very nice . it was like they thought of everything the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub plus a separate shower and a separate makeup counter with stool . we had plenty of room when we both were getting ready to go out . the small tv in the bathroom was also a thrill for my husband . he could watch the game wherever he was in the room . my husband was offered free shoe shining which he was thrilled to take advantage of . we enjoyed breakfast daily ( in nomi ) that came with our special and they were very accommodating . the pastries and breads were made in house so were very fresh , the eggs are organic and they offered fresh fruit every day . the coffee wasn ' t my favorite , a little bitter , but everybody likes different coffee . the prices for breakfast and drinks were all on the menu they gave us , so there was no surprises with the bill . room service brought our breakfast one morning and the gentleman who delivered it was very friendly and did not push a bill at us waiting for an extra tip as we have had at many hotels . we ate at nomi one evening . it is in the higher price range of meals but is worth it once in awhile . they must have fixed the door situation listed on another review as we did not see anyone from the fitness center or able to view it from the restaurant . most all the staff were wonderful ( you always get one pea in the pod that is not as good , which we had as our server at breakfast on the second morning , but that happens ) . they called us by name from the very beginning and were always willing to please . they would open doors , greet us when we left and welcomed us back when we returned . they accommodated us with an umbrella on a rainy day and held our bags while we waited for our ride and we sat in the library with fresh tea lemonade ( or coffee if in the morning ) . the hotel is in a great location . perfect for shopping and was easy for our family to pick us up there . there has been so many businesses anymore that have forgotten what service to the customer is . this hotel has brought it back to the forefront . we will definitely returned to this hotel again . when you have had the best sleep ever when traveling , exceptional staff and a nice room , and in a great location , why would we stay anywhere else ? 
i have stayed at the dana in chicago twice over the past two years . my first visit was for three nights , second stay for five . depending on your specific needs , budget , and taste , the dana can range from very good to fantastic . the location is a few blocks off the main drag but it ' s a very easy , safe , and quick walk to reach north michigan avenue or river north . cabs are easily accessible at the front door and the " el " train and bus stops are within a N minute-or-so walk . the dana was a newly built property buily a few years ago . it is modern , with a lot of exposed concrete and glass but still maintains a warm , chicago-style loft feel with wood floors and touches of earthy colors throughout the hotel . there is an excellent spa , good restaurant ( although too many better options out the front door ) , and a slightly-above-average continental breakfast included with all rooms . it would be great for younger or young-at-heart singles and couples . not recommended for families or children due to privacy issues in all rooms and nightlife vibe when the sun goes down . the rooms very good , modern , chicago-style design with partial wood floors , excellent desk work space , sliding loft-style bathroom door , excellent spa-style bathroom with spacious rainfall shower , ( one wall of the shower is glass exposed to the main bedroom area , which is really fun for some guests but maybe not-so-much if you are traveling with friends or family . ) the rooms have excellent in-room amenities for this level price of hotel . high quality music tv systems , very good bed linens , robes slippers , toiletries , wine bar , and shockingly reasonably priced mini-bar snacks . there is at least one floor-to-ceiling window offering standard to impressive city views . excellent natural light in all rooms , although when needed there are blackout shades , if you want to sleep in or have privacy from the nearby buildings . i preferred the upgraded corner room during my second stay since it offered a little more space , two walls of floor-to-ceiling windows , better views , and a small private balcony . be aware , no rooms other than the penthouse suites have bathtubs , the large spa rain-showers were the trade-off , i guess . there is also a fitness center and small computer area , although there is no pool and had to pay for wifi . parking here as with all hotels in chicago equals highway robbery . one area of the hotel that really disappointed this reviewer , was the super cheesy vegas wanna-be roof top bar . i thought the staff , design , music , and skanky little cocktail waitress outfits were far too cheap and vulgar for this hotel . you can have a hip and swanky nightclub and still be sophisticated classy . ( rooftop at the wit hotel got this concept right and is worth the trip over this place . ) other than the free breakfast and spa worth consideration , skip the hotel outlets . in general i have found the service sufficient- never awful or rude but never particularly memorable . overall , i find the dana a very comfortable and stylish hotel with some great amenities and unique touches . if you can find a competetive rate , it ' s a good value and a more interesting experience compared with many of the standard corporate hotels in chicago . other comporable stylish hotels in the area to consider and compare rates include the wit , the sofitel , the james , and the polomar . 
basic business hotel in a prime location at one end of michigan avenue . we had group rates which were fair for a major city but you got what you paid for . room was rather small but clean and bright . the hotel gym , sponsored by reebok , and highly promoted left much to be desired for . it ' s a basic hotel gym . the business center was minimal and you ' re charged for computer usage . this is a pet peeve of mine . business hotels just nickle and dime visitors assuming all expenses will be reimbursed . a few weeks after checkout i recieved a N charge on my credit card . after calling to question the charge the accounting departments " guessed " it was because i had packages deliver to the hotel . i have never been charged in any other hotel for sending packages for events in advance . they quickly removed the charge . one of our group members were delayed due to weather and flight delays . i did request late check in for my group but when my college arrived for his room he was sent to a local sheraton because the westin overbooked . i was in the lobby and noticed many other guests with the same issue . weather happens . . . chicago hotels should be ready for o ' hare delays and late arrivals . besides the overbooking mishaps the front desk staff and staff who organized our group was very professional . some colleges enjoyed the bar steakhouse in the lobby for dinner . i went to the breakfast stand that " proudly serves starbucks " but isn ' t really a starbucks . the coffee was terrible and the banana sour . i wouldn ' t attempt the breakfast danishes . i ' d recommend the westin michigan avenue as long as all you need is a bed and clean room . but there are plenty of other hotels to choose from in chicago . . . namely the w lakeshore for a great property or hotel N for a real deal in the heart of the city . 
typical hampton inn , close to all things in river north area . only N block from navy pier trolley stop . short cab ride to water tower place . hotel is clean . front desk staff is very friendly and helpful . housekeeper put our dolls on the bed so cute . i liked the outdoor patio next to the indoor pool . breakfast area could be bigger . we had a difficult time getting a table in the morning . surprised by the N day parking . please note that the hotel is next to a fire station so you will hear sirens . 
my husband stayed here for two weeks while in the windy city on business and i joined him for a long weekend . you have to ' adjust ' your expectations when staying at the hard rock . it is dimly lit and decked out with rock legends pics , paraphernalia , etc . it is a pretty convenient location being close to a train stop , and walking distance to several parks and other tourists spots . the bar area and restaurant can get pretty lively at night but hey that ' s to be expected . and we didn ' t hear any of it except on our way in and out . there are two different entrances so you don ' t actually have to walk through the more social area on your way to your room . we had a pretty awesome corner room although it didn ' t leave much privacy . they also gave my dh a fridge and microwave since he was there for awhile . one thing that was really weird is that there was a window in the middle of the shower and only a thin shade for privacy . i was a little worried people below could see my silhouette in window so i took pretty quick showers . oh i did i mention there was a pic of billy idol above the toilet ? fun times indeed but the front desk was great and helpful and housekeeping did a good job as well . i would recommend this hotel based on personality but it was certainly an experience . 
excellent hotel ! the customer service was out of this world and the location perfect ! the bar in the lobby was fun with other guests and entertaining bartenders . i definitely would stay at this hotel again . 
overnight stay only . no premium movie channels . breakfast was good and affordable - small sitting area . convenient to convention center ( N mile away ) . overall , for the money , good hotel . 
traveling for a long weekend to chicago to visit relatives and enjoy the city , we obtained our reservation at the palmer house for a great rate . the hotel is beautiful and centrally located however , better access to nightlife can be had by staying north of the river . our room was small but clean . the service was friendly . we did not have a need to use any of the services that others have complained about as being too expensive--so that was a non-issue for us . 
we stayed here for two nights , and i was glad to depart at the end . first of all beds were lumpy . seriously . very uncomfortable mattress and hard pillows . two our bathroom ( huge while oddly shaped ) came with a mini-shower and bathtub . hardly first class . and they only gave us only two bath towels ( isn ' t four the norm ? ) . the toiletries were generic and not nice . bathroom light was harsh fluorescent , and the heat lamp above kept going on and off . the shops are a bit of a hike ( nearest starbucks is a couple of blocks away ) . it ' s sandwiched between the business district and the shopping district in this odd little run down area , so the surrounding ambiance isn ' t nice . get ready to shell out N a night per computer to user the internet . they were not accommodating with a late check out request we had to call twice and practically beg for them to give us a one hour extension . if you ' re looking for an upscale , modern hotel , i ' d recommend checking out the james or the felix , both nearby . 
we stayed here from friday to monday for a weekend getaway . our flight arrived early morning and they had a room ready for us to check into . the room was very clean and the maid service was exceptional . the hotel is located in area where you can easily walk to everything or access mass transit . the staff was helpful when we asked for suggestions and directions . i will definitely stay here again when we are in town . 
redecorated rooms with cheap furniture ( a N-legged coffee table that fell over when you brushed up against it ) , no water pressure in the shower , polyester pillows that were so old flat they were unusable ( we ' re allergic to feather ) , overcharges on the bill ( N for breakfast at the hotel restaurant , which we never visited ) . . . the crowning blow was a buffet breakfast for N set up in the room next door on two consecutive mornings ( at N Nam ! ) , which made sleeping in impossible . when we complained we were told " that they weren ' t doing it tomorrow " . 
this is a great hotel , very hip fashionable . the service was outstanding . the concierge was excellent . the service is aN , everytime you walk in this hotel they open the doors for you . rooms are very cool , N " plasma tv , big king beds , cd dvd player to watch movies . radio by bed has a cd player in it . the hotel has a computer room with pc ' s printer and fax . there is a pool and work out room . trendy bar . security is excellent , you need a card to work the elevator and at night security guards the elevators , only allowing guests through . the hotel overlooks the lake and navy pier and is only a few blocks from michigan avenue so you are very central . also it is a very gay , lesbian , bi , transgendered friendly hotel . i went with my transgendered girlfriend and no one batted an eyelid . 
really nice hotel with the perfect location ! ! ! the tv in my double room broke down so they moved me to a suite at the Nth floor . the suite was amazing with a spectacular view of the busy city-life outside . the staff was really helpful and friendly , however it took a while for us to get our luggage from the bell-boy when we were leaving . i really liked this hotel and i would love to return here ! 
what a great location this hotel has . . . . easy walk to tons of restaurants , michigan ave . , state street , the river , etc . one block from the red line at grand for further trips to chinatown , wrigley field , or the willis tower . i knew from ta that there would be some issues with noise as there is a fire station across the street . the hotel does provide earplugs in the lobby . it wasn ' t the fire station though that was the problem . we had a suite on the back alley side of the hotel , and there was a great deal of noise very early almost every morning from a trash truck or some other service vehicle ! since we had a suite with N doubles , a sofa bed , and a kitchenette , there was plenty of room for my family with N teenagers to spread out . the kitchenette even had granite and stainless steel appliances ! there was a nice island type seating area in it for quick snacks too ! the hotel is one of the few with this great location that provides free wi-fi , complementary hot breakfast , and a usa today or wall street journal daily . we appreciated all these extras especially since the parking was N a night . we definitely would stay here again , but would ask for a street side higher up room if it was available as a suite . 
this is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities . everyone was helpful . the breakfast buffet was wonderful . the bed was " just like home " . we would definitely stay again . a nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home . it was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best . 
i recently stayed at the swissotel in chicago for three nights with my fiance , who was attending a work conference held at the hotel . the hotel is located pretty far out east on wacker drive , just south of the river . ( it ' s located past the hyatt hotel , also on east wacker . ) the location turned out to be a detriment when the under-staffed cab line didn ' t move at all on a busy friday night as we were trying to make a show that evening . it was so inconvenient trying to hail a cab at the hotel that we decided to change our plans the following evening and have dinner at the palm restaurant in the lobby level of the hotel . room service was efficient and edible -- not the best , not the worst . there is a fully equipped minibar as well as a keurig coffee machine ( the kind that uses individual pods to brew coffee ! ) in the hotel room . we had a fantastic view of lake michigan facing south , which was great from the Nnd floor . unfortunately , when we called ahead to the hotel before the trip , i was informed that the gym requires an additional fee of N day . because we were staying at the swissotel with a group booking for my fiance ' s work , both wifi and the fitness center ended up being complimentary . wifi has a charge of N day , otherwise . next year -- for this and other annual meetings that require us to travel to chicago -- we will be staying closer to mag mile on michigan avenue ( likely the conrad or the park hyatt ) . location-wise , the swissotel is a bit out of the way for visitors who enjoy walking around and are attracted to the main tourist attractions downtown . our stay was certainly comfortable , but there are hotels in chicago that are more geared toward leisure family travelers . 
i was a bit skeptical in the raving reviews i saw at first , but i decided to give the elysian a try . after a night , i have to admit , the reviews are absolutely accurate . they are rated no . N for a very good reason . i ' m no stranger to luxury hotels , but elysian is just outstanding in its uniqueness and elegance . the decor in the lobby and the guest rooms definitely have the touch of old time coco chanel but modern at the same time with its cleaniness and simplicity . in the guestroom , there is nothing more you can ask for , comfortable bed , quality toiletry , and even a lint brush . one note , the marble bath tub is among the largest and deepest i have seen in non-suite guest rooms of all high-end hotels . staff members ' friendiness and attention to details are noted everywhere . once i told them that i had a really early flight next morning , they immediately suggested morning calls and hot coffee service . at N in the morning , the coffee they delivered was on-time and delicious . one thing i really appreciated , they anticipated that i was getting ready in the morning , so coffee was delivered by a female staff to avoid possible awkwardness , really impressive ! the only regret i have is not able to stay there for a longer time to enjoy other things it can offer . 
i would like to offer my warm appreciation for the exceptional level of service that i experienced while staying with you last week . i was in town on business and made my first visit to your hotel , but i hope that it is not my last . i was impressed with the high level of taste and sophistication first and later by the consistently gracious hospitality shown to me and my colleague over the course of our N-night stay . every staff member i interacted with , from the bellmen to the housekeepers to the front desk and restaurant staff were truly professional , absolutely top notch . whatever you are doing , keep it up ! 
the hotel is beautiful with wonderful service . i stayed there on a business trip and it was my first time in chicago . everything went so well , the staff was so helpful . it was so easy to get around and i was close to many tourist attractions ! truly a great place to stay , quite a value ! i hope i get to travel there again ! 
location is great , friendly staff and rooms are large , but my first room had a strong smell of cleaning supplies . i switched rooms and when i plugged my computer in under the desk i saw how filthy it was ( see photo ) . unacceptable for a hotel of this category . i found another hotel in the area and checked out the following day . 
we stayed at the fairmont chicago last nite , a place we have stayed at multiple times before . our room had been re-done and not for the better . the fairmont use to reflect the turn of the century french style of the original fairmont in san franciso and had a lovely soigne feel about it . the new room style is like motel N . the carpet is a tissue thin industrial type , the lovely furniture is now laminate over particle board . the desk was relocated away from the window and faces a wall . there are no pictures on the walls other than the vinyl thing over the bed , and no chairs other than the desk chair . when we called to front desk to ask about the missing chairs , they acknowledged that yes , that was a problem . the light fixtures are from home depot , etc , etc , it just wasn ' t a pleasant room to be in . it is still a good sized room and they left the limestone in the shower , but not a quality experience . the restaurant aria is good . very imaginative dishes and a extremely friendly staff . indeed all of the staff is cheerful and makes every effort to make you feel like a guest . although the hotel was built to a excellent standard , the problem appears to be the new ownership skimping on expenses . i think we will look for alternatives in the east side neighborhood . 
the staff at hotel allegro were amazing . the day before our trip i received an email asking if there was anything the hotel could do to make our trip great . i responded by telling them that i planned a surprise trip for my fianc ' s birthday and asked for early check-in . not only did we have an early check in but they upgraded us to a king suite room and surprised us with s birthday card , chocolates and champagne in celebration of my fianc . on top of the superior customer service , the entire staff was wonderful , the hotel was hip and upscale and the location was walking distance to chicago hot spots . next time we are in chicago we will absolutely return to hotel allegro . 
we have stayed at hotels in many parts of the world and our very favorite is the hotel intercontinental on michigan avenue in chicago . the hotel staff is top-notch . they are very well informed , courteous , extremely polite and friendly . the concierge group is outstanding and have never steered us in a wrong direction . our room is always clean and we never have to ask for anything . every time we go back to chicago the intercontinental employees make us feel it ' s our home away from home . we would reccomend this hotel to anyone ( and often do ) . 
this hotel is in a prime location . you are a few blocks from the magnificent mile and the theater district . the river and the lake are literally " right there " . you have a great view of navy pier . the rooms are beautiful . the beds and pillows are dreamy . our bathroom was nice , but not immaculate . this hotel offers everything you may want , but be prepared to pay for it . they have a ridiculous minibar sytem that automatically charges you if you even touch something in the fridge . internet is N . N per day . you have to pay to use the pool ( maybe it ' s worth it we didn ' t use it ) . parking is N per day . despite the constant attempts to get into your wallet , the location and the quality of the rooms make this a fabulous hotel and we plan to go back again . we ' ll just remember to keep the minibar fridge closed . 
my wife and i visited chicago for her Nth birthday . this was the first time we have visited chicago . we stayed at the fairfield on east ontario . we originally picked this hotel due to its location to michigan avenue and for its value as compared to most of the hotels in the area . we truly enjoyed our stay . the entire staff that we interacted with seemed to truly want our stay to be a special one . they suggested restaurants that we should eat at and each suggestion was a home run especially giordano s famous stuffed pizza . one of the hotel clerks asked us when we returned to the hotel late in the afternoon on the next day if we had gone to visit wrigley field . my wife explained that we weren t going to wrigley on her birthday trip but it was something we would consider in the future . we left for an early dinner a little bit later and a night on the town . after we got back to the hotel room , we found a birthday balloon , a personalized cake wishing her happy birthday , and a mini refrigerator waiting for us . we couldn t believe that the hotel clerks ( kenny and carlos ) would go out of their way to do something like this for their guests . she also received a birthday card signed by all of the staff working that afternoon evening . the hotel is only a block and a half east of michigan avenue which basically is only a two minute walk . just down the street is garrett s popcorn which we visited twice . be ready for a line but you must visit garrett s popcorn and make sure to take some home with you when you leave . our room was basic but very clean and it had a good size hdtv . we didn t spend a ton of time in the room but it was just what we needed . maria v . made sure the room was in excellent shape after we returned from visiting the sites each day . the hotel has a very good continental breakfast with quite a few choices to start your day off on a good note . we sometimes heard sirens at night due to the hotels location near a hospital but that won t deter us from staying there again . we truly want to thank kenny , carlos , charles , gudelia , raul , and maria v . for going out of their way to make my wife s Nth birthday a getaway that we will never forget . we want to visit chicago again in the near future and we will definitely stay at this hotel . you can t beat the service , location , and affordability ! ! 
you can ' t beat this location - next to the tribune building the chicago river . the bell hop was joyful and friendly and the front desk was able to check me in at Nam , which i appreciated . the rooms were very clean and the beds really comfortable . restaurants , shopping , and architectural tour boats abound within one to eight blocks . the nonexistent lobby is the only criticism i have of the hotel . there are only N chairs in the lobby so it ' s difficult to use it as a gathering place or to meet someone there , and only one of three airline kiosks was working to print boarding passes . you can check-in for your flight in your room on the computer , but then have to print the pass in the lobby . starbuck ' s off the lobby was convenient , as was argo tea and corner bakery just outside the hotel . we did not eat in the steakhouse but i hear it gets good reviews . the cta train station to the airport is about N blocks , from which you could walk or take a cab . i definitely recommend this hotel . 
we stayed at the westin for my sister ' s bachelorette party . we got a great deal off of priceline for N night per room which was awesome compared to everything else in the area . despite the good deal , there were a few issues we had with the hotel . for starters , when we checked in they asked for an id and a credit card . they did not say anything about charging the card but before we knew it , she was handing the card back to us saying it went thru for the first room but was denied on the second . . we had prepaid online and she did not say anything about charging the card so my sister then got a little rude and asked why the card was even charged . they said it was a N charge per room for incidentals . now we don ' t stay in hotels that often and this may be a common practice but she should have at least told us she was charging the card ! upon arriving to our room we realized that we were given king beds when we requested double beds . they did say they would try to accomidate requests but i find it hard to believe every double bed room was taken N weeks prior to our arrival when we made that request . when we got back to the hotel later that night ( very late - abt N N in the morn ) we asked the front desk for an extra blanket for the one person who was going to have to sleep on the chaise . an hour and a half later the blanket arrived . . . there was no way the front desk was that busy that late at night for it to take an hour and a half . our last complaint was getting woken up to room service " knocking " with their key twice then before we could even answer the door , coming in our room while we were getting ready and my sister was in the shower ! ! overall i gave this hotel N stars . it was nicely decorated and clean but there are some major issues for a hotel of this class . i wouldn ' t want to be one of those that paid full price for this hotel and had these kind of problems . we found that parking a block and a half away at a self park garage saved us a lot of money . ( between clark lasalle on kinzie ) it was N for valet at the hotel and the parking garage only cost us N . ( night weekend special ) 
my mom and i stayed at the hampton inn suites chicago downtown last week on a mother daughter trip to the city . i am an employee at a hampton in arizona so i am more picky than most travelers as i know what to look out for . from the moment we walked in , everything was fantastic ! from the gentelman offering us fresh popped popcorn to james , the front desk associate , everyone was so friendly and helpful . you can tell that this staff is very well trained and enjoys what they are doing . it is very refreshing to see this as there are so many places you go where the employees could care less about their job or what their customers think . thank you to all of the wonderful people at the hampton inn suites downtown and keep up the great work and positive attitudes ! ) leah-scottsdale , az
do you like staying where the locals live instead of a downtown chain ? free use of the ballys health club next door ( including indoor pool ) . great restaurants and shops steps from hotel . take public transit ( N , N , brown line ) to both airports , downtown , etc . nice breakfast . clean rooms . polish speaking staff ( yes , everyone speaks polish who works there ) . still , hot water is nice in the shower and while i like saving energy , i also like a little hot water . recommended . 
i have stayed at the palmer house with my husband and adult children four times now . we are usually pleased with the place , but we keep coming back mostly because of my husband ' s hilton honors membership . i agree with the other reviewers who complain about the charge for internet service , and the lackluster breakfast in the executive lounge . the main problem we had on our most recent visit was that the breakfast room was so crowded it was difficult to find a table . we took our food back to our room , but not before having to wait in line to get it . in spite of the breakfast problem , though , the rooms we have stayed in were beautifully decorated and comfortable . the hotel is in a perfect location . the housekeepers do an outstanding job and they are very friendly ! as is the rest of the staff , who should be commended for making us feel welcome . 
we just returned from a N day stay at the days inn . it was great ! the room was simple and small , but clean , inviting and was perfect for what we needed . plus - it was about N blocks from the l and everything was right there ! great location ! ! ! ! ! highly reccomend and will retun for sure ! staff was friendly and helpful . . pictures online that they post are accurate . good job days inn ! ! 
everyone at the westin river north was willing to go the extra mile to make our stay great . from the friendly greeting by the parking valet to the desk clerk who had no problem letting us use our room an hour after check out time everyone seemed to want to keep our business . the room itself was average size with a comfortable bed and an updated bath . everything was very clean . an unexpected bonus was free access to a well equipped fitness center and the services of a personal trainer . sam , the trainer , had a degree in exercise physiology and limitless enthusiasm for helping me reach my fitness goals . he walked me through an hour ' s worth of strength training and stretching exercises and then drew up a personalized exercise plan and emailed it to me the next day . the location was very convenient . close to the shopping on michigan avenue and about a mile from the art institute . my only complaint was the " mini bar obsession " . we weren ' t in our room N minutes when they knocked on our door to restock it . the next morning they knocked on my door while i was in the shower and , when i didn ' t respond , they started to enter just when i was stepping out of the tub . i told them to leave . they kept coming back the rest of the morning and , when i finally let the restocker in , he admonished me to put the " do not disturb " sign out . really ? can ' t they wait until i check out ? 
we stay in chicago every year at the hilton for the st paddys day parade . this year we went on a limb to stay at the blake because it was half the price . we were thrilled with this boutique hotel . the location was great ( N . N blks from the cta blue line , which if you are coming from o ' hare is ideal ) . N blks from michigan ave and had several stores , restaurants , and coffeeshops in the area for quick pick-ups . the staff were very friendly and the room was spacious , nicely decorated , and clean . you could tell the hotel tried to provide special extras to make your stay more memorable . they also provided a basic continental breakfast , which was great . we did not go into the bar or restaurant but they looked lovely . this hotel also had free access to the work out area and free wifi , all of which the hilton do not provide . this is now our new favorite hotel , for our get-aways from the kids ! ! ! 
my son and i spent a saturday night at this hotel . we were in chicago checking out saic and this proved to be an ideal locaton to walk to the art institute of chicago as well as millenium park . extremely easy to take the train from ohare to a stop no more than three or four blocks from the hotel . hotel was clean , attractive , and the staff where competent . the staff at the front entrance gave us lots of good advice on food and getting around . great experience overall . i plan to go back sometime to visit chicago with the rest of my family and will stay at this hotel . 
i was leery about staying here after all the horrible reviews . ok , people , i got a rate of N . N night through priceline . i was not expecting the four seasons . arrived this past friday ( N N ) and were directed next door to the tremont suites . Nth floor suite with downstairs kitchen , restroom , living area with tv . upstairs had a comfy queen bed , many closets , tv and another full bathroom . was there a view ? no . did i care ? no . i was less than a block from michigan avenue . i wasn ' t planning on hanging out in the room . it was clean , air conditioned and comfy . were there signs of age ? yes . was some plaster peeling ? yes . folks , this is an old hotel with a fantastic location . if i ' d had to pay N . N a night would i stay here again ? i don ' t know . for N . N or so a night - absloutely ! 
the omni chicago really delivers on all fronts , from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on michigan avenue . while this address in chicago requires a high level of quality , the omni delivers . check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under N minutes , the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events , and the rooms are some of the largest you ' ll find at this price range in chicago . even the " standard " room has a separate living area and work desk . the fitness center has free weights , weight machines , and two rows of cardio equipment . i shared the room with N others and did not feel cramped in any way ! all in all , a great property ! 
this hotel is located conveniently between the loop and the magniicent mile making it easy to walk to shopping , restaurants , and many attractions . you get a fully equipped kitchen , a livingroom , and bedroom for very reasonable rates for downtown chicago . the free breakfast is average . the service was great and the staff was helpful . would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a convenient base to explore downtown chicago . 
we have stayed at this hotel in the past and i love it . we paid a little extra for two double beds with two bathrooms . room and bathrooms were spotless and beds were comfortable although small . we were in town with our high schooler to visit roosevelt university and columbia college . this hotel is the perfect location as it is about two-three blocks away from both campuses . we had drinks in kitty o ' sheas which is located inside the hotel , great service and paid what you would expect in chicago . my only issue is we paid N for overnight parking ( pretty standard ) but they charged me an additional N for one hour over the allowed N hrs . i tried to get them to waive the N but no luck . otherwise , i think this is a beautiful property and i love it ' s history . 
my N friends and i stayed at the embassy suites feb Nth-Nth . i booked this room for the size and so glad that i did . with N women staying in one room it was nice to have two regular sinks , one in bathroom and one outside and one sink near the microwave and frig . i liked that you could close the bedroom door if someone wanted to sleep and still be able to stay up and watch tv in the other room . large living room with pullout couch , chair and desk . very nice huge included breakfast buffet every morning . you are close to the navy pier , millineum park . you are about N-N blocks away from the subway , grand red . it wasn ' t too bad walking . very nice subway system . gets you anywhere you need to go . we defintley stay here again if i came back to chicago . 
w hotel lakeshore was one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . i am in sales and our business thrives on customer service . i have an elevated expectation because my business goes out of the way to extend a hand and put a smile on someone ' s face . w hotel took it to another level . i will never stay anywhere else in chicago again . thanks again w hotels , matt franze
stayed one night and while location is excellent , there are a few issues concerning the hotel to be aware of N . rooms are very small . no room to put more than one suitcase in the room . we were stepping over ours . N . while mattress comfortable , why use the cheap sheet around a thin blanket that motel N ' s use . for upscale , use proper duvet or better linens . N . check in was a slow and disorganized . i booked a king bed but when we went to the room , it was a queen . when i went back to the front desk , they said they made a mistake but i doubt it . there were many people waiting for a room so i think they had some unspoken problems that day . N . at N night , i thought it was expensive but maybe there are better rates . staff at the hotel was very nice including bellhop and room attendants . 
the sofitel had its perks . . . great location , courteous staff , and comfortable bed . . . but i ' m not sure it was worth the money we spent . cons -the room was extremely small -parking was kind of a pain since the garage was under construction . -we ordered strawberry cheesecake one night . . . it was okay . . . kind of dry , accompanied by a couple berries . . . not worth it pros -the staff was extremely attentive . my husband and i brought back an authentic deep dish pizza ( giardinno ' s ? it was delicious , but filling ) , but forgot to ask for takeaway cutlery plates . . . we called room service and they were up within just a few minutes -location-right off of michigan avenue , you are in walking distance of everything -went to mike ditka ' s restaurant for burgers , which were outstanding . . . i would highly recommend them . . overall , we had a good time . if we could get a good price , we might stay there again , but probably won ' t . . . 
this hotel was lovely ! we stayed for three nights on the Nrd floor in may . the weather was about N degrees so it was lovely to take a break from sightseeing to relax in the quiet pool in the afternoon whilst it was too hot outside ! the view from our window was wonderful - got the chicago skyline looking north with the john hancock centre . if you are on the other side you can see sears tower ! the hotel bar has great skyline views too so you don ' t miss out if your room doesn ' t have them . good access to the loop and easy to get around from here as its only a N minute walk or so to lake michigan and navy pier . 
we booked our stay at the omni in chicago as a result of a tip on a review of another chicago on tripadvisor . the person writing the review was very accurate . this is a chain hotel but feels much less like one than many others we have stayed in . there are no long corridors to trail down from the lifts . the bellman arrives with the luggage in a few minutes rather than an hour . we also did not feel that the staff did not stand with their hands out waiting for the tip as in some us hotels and that tips were genuinely appreciated . all rooms are suites in this hotel and we got a N discount on the room rate which made it great value . the hotel is situated on chicago ' s magnificent mile and is handy for the major shops and most of the museums are within N minutes walk . given the number of parks and the clean air due to the proximity to lake michigan we found chicago a great walking city despite its size . we only made limited use of the concierge services of the hotel but they were very helpful and accurate in the information that they gave . top tip is to sign up for the omni hotels ' select guest programme before you go as this entitles you to free wifi for your whole stay and complementary tea , coffee etc . every morning . we would definitely stay there again . 
location is fabulous . i would suggest not accepting a room with even numbers . i had reserved N rooms , all had even numbers , and all had noise from construction in a building next door . the view from one window per room was a view into the building . my premier king had a terrible odor , a broken bathroom door , and unsightly cracked bathroom tile . by my request , i was moved to another floor to a room with an uneven number and all was great . room N was clean , large , and had great views . street noise was minimal . promotional price was outstanding . we had vouchers for food beverages and used them in the Nth floor lounge . the lounge was perfect for the holidays , with a modern feeling to it and an extremely nice bartender . the hotel rooms were looking a bit ' tired ' and some renovation will be needed . all in all , we had a wonderful experience . jewel and christy at the front desk in the day . . . . . thank you . front desk gal in the p . m . . . . . never smiled nor offered an apology for the inconvenience of my room change . 
as our taxi drove into the alcove that is the driveway and entrance to the hotel , we realized that this wasn ' t just any hotel . my wife and i were amazed at the quality of service and friendliness that greeted us . this same ambiance continued with the staff at the reception desk and the concierge . we stayed N nights at the hotel and were treated as though we were the only guests . the smiles seemed genuine and the concern for our welfare came across heartfelt . i read the reviews of this hotel before we took our trip and i thought that these reveiws must be overstating the experience of the writers . i can tell you that they are not . below is my review of various aspects of the hotel location excellent for shopping . the hotel is just two blocks west of michigan ave . the only drawback is if you take the rail in from o ' hare , the closest drop off from the blue line ( the rail that you take from o ' hare ) is about N N N miles away . however , if you are familiar with the rail system , you can take the blue line to jackson and then switch to the red line heading north , and get off at the chicago stop . the chicago transit authority system is very easy to learn . the hotel is approximately N -- N minutes , via walking , from lake michigan , depending upon the lights . it is approx . N -- N minutes to lake shore dr . once to lake shore dr . , turn right and walk about N minutes to the tunnel at chicago that takes you under lake shore dr . to the lake . every day there was a cool breeze that helped to make the jogging walking very pleasant in july . rooms truly amazing . we were upgraded ( without us requesting an upgrade ) to a gold coast suite . the suite was very pleasant . it had a fireplace ( that was turned off -- i guess for the summer ) , a balconcy that was very comfortable , two flat screen hd tvs , not including the one in one of the mirrors in the bathroom . the bathroom was N ' x N ' from wall to wall and included a wonderful shower with a tall shower spout for us taller guys . the thermostat was accurate ( this is important to me becuase i am normally hot and can never get the temperature cold enough for me to sleep well ) . the a c controls had no problem holding the temperature at N for our entire stay . spa fitness center my wife enjoyed the spa . i really can ' t say much about that . the fitness center had plenty equipment and room to workout . the hot wet sauna was very good . the hot dry sauna could have been hotter . i say that , but becuase of the temperatures above N that we have been experiencing in texas , the hot sauna felt more like my home town of dallas and not a hot wet sauna . the swimming pool is indeed one lane . but , don ' t worry , if you swim after the rush hour time when the members use the facilities , you will be just fine . i went to the fitness center around N a . m . or around N N p . m . and there were normally N or N other men using the machines and i was the only person swimming . the lap pool is approx . N ' so it is a little shortter than the standard N meter pool . they keep the temperature of the pool at N so the water was great ! there are plenty of towels around the facility and at the pool . food we didn ' t eat at the hotel maybe next time . suggestions two extremely minor suggestions breath wash in the bathrooms and purchase soap dishes with an elevated base upon which to place the bar of soap . the elevated base should have tiny holes to allow the water to drain from the soap . this will keep the soap from becoming messy underneath . summary this hotel received a N start rating . i like to stay at a hotel where i feel comforatble spending the entire day at the hotel . if the lord allows us to come back to chicago , we will definitely stay at the elysian . it is a destination point located in a destindation city . 
i booked thru hotwire . com and was a bit leary at not knowing where i was going to stay . i went to chicago for the bears fan convention march N to april N , N . after i booked on hotwire , club quarters came up . i had never heard of the hotel and was dismayed to see they want a credit card deposit for incidentals . i do not have a credit card . once you book on hotwire , you can not change your booking . i called the hotel and was told , no problem , just leave N cash . ( on arrival , the front desk lady told me it was N a day . i told her that ' s not what the guy on the phone said . i had no problem paying , as i had the cash on me . i was about to give her the N when i asked about a bank of america atm . she gave me the location and then said it was for telephone use and movie purchases . i laughed and said i was in town for the bears fest and i have a mobile . she said to give her N . ) i arrived quite early for check in , Nam to be precise and check in is at Npm . the staff was able to find me a room and check me in any way . i was told it was a smoking room , but could not smell any smoke . i even sniffed the curtains and no smoke smell . the room is very spacious . i estimate it to be N ft by N ft . the bed was quite comfortable and the temperature of the room excellent . the shower is also quite large and i had hot water on demand . the bathroom and room itself were really clean . there is free internet access in the business center . the business center on floor N next to the ice machine and vending area is small . there is one computer and one printer . i only needed to use it twice and did not have to queue up . the only downside to my stay the rooms are not sound proof and i could hear what seemed like every door opening and closing nearby . but i did not hear any of the traffic on adams st . the staff were freindly and courteous . my deposit was refunded to me in full when i checked out ( i didn ' t use the phone or the tv - i was busy with dabears ! ! ! ! ) the hotel is centrally located , plenty of bus and el routes nearby . it is within walking distance to all major sites in the loop area . there is a starbucks next to the hotel and a N-N across the street that is open N hours a day . there is a bank of america with an atm a block away . 
good location in the loop area , just a few minutes walk from the millennium park , and generally easy to navigate the city from this location lots to see and do within walking distance and very close to the " l " train the hotel is a huge , traditional style place . the marble and mirrors create a great atmosphere . the room was spacious but the natural light was poor . which i think would apply to a lot of rooms . there were just a few small things with the room that could have been improved neither of the plugs in the bathroom worked properly , the decor in the bathrooms was a little shabby , the tv remote worked but in a somewhat random fashion . i would definitely recommend this hotel , but don ' t expect perfection
you have a lot of options for hotels on or near chicago ' s " magnificent mile " , but if you get a good rate on this hotel do not hesitate to book it . i stayed here for a conference in march for N days . i had a deluxe room on the Nst floor with a great view . the room was bright and spacious with a nice bar area that was separate from the main living room area . the marble bathroom was spacious as well , and the shower was separate from the tub which i liked a lot . the service really stood out ! very friendly staff always greeted me with a smile and were extremely helpful . it was a wonderful experience after a long day to go back to this hotel . everything just " clicked " . there is a N-minute walk from the fairmont to the start of the main part of the " magnificent mile " which i didn ' t mind at all as i ' m a walker , but for those who want to be in the middle of the action may want to consider a hotel right on n . michigan ave . however , i had friends who stayed at hotels on the mile and had to sleep with earplugs despite being high up because the traffic , and particularly the sirens from emergency vehicles which are constant , were definitely a drawback . no such problems at the fairmont which was very quiet . this was my Nnd stay at this hotel and i ' ll keep going back . i won ' t consider another hotel in chicago ! 
we booked interconti through hotwire , although the site doesn ' t reveal the name of the hotel until the payment confirmation , so you are buying a bit of " cat in a sack " . such approach , however , gives you a rock bottom price for otherwise pricey hotel . we paid N a night whilst the rack rate is N a night . when we arrived at interconti on the new year ' s day , the hotel was very quiet and reception staff was very attentive . we got great room with a great view , although booking through hotwire does not allow you to collect points on your loyalty cards , we managed to get late check out which was very handy . unlike other interconti hotels , chicago property is not rated N stars and N stars farily reflect shortcomings . the hotel has a main part ( rather typical chain hotel ) and historic part ( which has wonderful decor ) . not sure how the rooms in two differents building compare but the halls in the histroic part are pretty spectacular . location of the hotel could not be better . walking distance to many attractions , although not in january when we visited . if we come to chicago again and hotwire gets us another great rate , we will definitely stay at interconti again . 
my partner and i stayed at the dana last christmas while visiting my family in chicago . from the minute i stepped inside the room , i knew the dana was the perfect place for us . picture this . corner room . high floor . floor to ceiling windows . rain shower . the dana had it all . i was shocked by how modern and luxurious the room was and especially at the price point i got it at ( directly on the dana ' s website ! ) overall , it was close to the redline , the breakfast in the restaurant was great , and the service was fantastic . we ate dinner at feast , on the gold coast , which was not too far of a walk from the hotel . we visited a lot of good shopping close by near- cbN ( one of our favorite stores , etc . ) i ' d definitely stay at the dana again and you too should consider staying here ! 
very cool place to stay ! great atmospher room view from the jimi hendrix Nth floor . walking distance from good food and fun things to do ! 
four family members had the pleasure of staying at the seneca hotel located just east of the hancock building . this small but elegant hotel offered a generous sized suite including full kitchen , dining area , family area and king-sized bedroom . the room was spotless and well appointed . if there is a small downside , it would be that there is no room service offered , but given the countless restaurants nearby , it was not an issue . they offer a exercise room and a spacious rooftop deck . i look forward to my next stay at the seneca . 
we were thrilled with this hotel . staff were gracious and fun , not stuffy . the overall feeling we got from the hotel was welcome and relaxed , not snooty at all . upon check in , the kids were given goody bags with toys and blow up beach balls to play with in the pool . they were out of goldfish to borrow but oh well . the rooms were fantastic , clean and upscale . we had a corner double queen unit and windows overlooked the city . the location was great . rush street and michigan ave were both in easy walking distance and options for eating abound . the pool was nice , clean and open , lots of fluffy white towels available . we went to the wine reception in the evening , which was lovely . great chatting with other guests and relaxing before going out into the city for dinner ( reminded me of a bed and breakfast type thing ) . i would definitely recommend signing up for kimpton rewards prior to your stay , even if you hotwired or pricelined the room . with membership you get a N coupon for mini bar , free wifi and free newspaper in the morning . i would say that this hotel is the nicest we have ever stayed at in chicago , and we had a regular room . that ' s saying alot . it was also the most enjoyable atmosphere . i hate snooty and i really felt at home here , relaxed and able to be ourselves ( kids and all ! ) . there ' s a good reason this hotel rated top N on trip advisor for N ! 
N of us stayed at the comfort inn and suites over laor day weekend and thought it was a great location , continental breakfast was good . the hotel is clean and everyone is very polite . thanks to trip advisor forums for the comments , it helped in our decision . we would stay here again the next time we are in chicago . lots of bar ' s . dining and attractions within walking distance of hotel . thanks chicago fro a great weekend ! ! ! ! ! ! 
when i booked this hotel it was advertised as miracle mile . nevertheless it was a bit out of the way . not completely , but it was a long walk to go to each location . the rooms were nice , but i was peeved when i went to the business center and i was getting charged N for a fraction of an hour . there wasn ' t complimentary internet across the hotel . 
stayed here N times this year ( N-N days each ) for work . it ' s typically overrun with hordes of conventioneers . even so , check-in check-out has been consistently smooth , pleasant , and quick . rooms are clean modern , but can vary in size ( one room with a single queen was very small ) . beds are very comfortable . getting a taxi at peak hours ( bad weather dinner time ) can be difficult at the front door - walk underground to michigan ave hail from the street . fitness center is well-equipped but can be crowded due to the size of the hotel . small grocery store N N block away on stetson . location is excellent , on the river , walking distance ( in good weather ) to nearly everything . N city blocks to the clark lake train station to o ' hare . internet was N a day . 
there is something about a new hotel - the team are aiming to please and certainly have in this case - the staff are helpful knowledgable . the quality of the hotel is also tops , well equiped gym ( better than most hotels ) and location is excellent - very close to the magnificant mile - magnificant shopping strip . being a kimpton hotel they also do the nice evening drinks so guests can meet other guests . 
if you ' re going to chicago and want to have a great hotel stay with no worries , this is your place . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the town and will go out of your way to be helpful . while my boyfriend andi were trying to get to the pedway , one of the hotel managers stopped what he was doing and lead us to where we were going . after a long and exhausting drive from tennessee , the beds at the swiss were incredibly welcoming too . my boyfriend is currently trying to find out how they make their beds so comfortable and where he can get one of their comforters because it felt so amazing . getting little toblerone ( one of my favorites ) chocolates on your pillow everynight is a nice touch that adds some elegance to your evening no matter why your staying there . the rooms look like they were just remodled and upgraded , there was an hd tv and a nice ihome docking station to put my ipod so i could set the alarm to wake up with my music instead of the radio . the whole decor was really to my taste , and of course it helped that it was impeccibly clean the whole time . while i was out exploring chicago , the blanket that i ' d brought from home and left in a chair was even folded neatly at the foot of the bed when i came back . i ' m a little bathroom phobic and these were really nice , super clean , with beautiful ( very new looking ) tile . i ' m really into showers and so i liked the big showerheads that give you the rainfall style shower . i didn ' t try out the tub though . also , i know there ' s a N hour exercise fitness facility upstairs . i walked through it to go use the pool and jacuzzi ( talk about a pool with a view , try the Nnd floor ! that was a fun place to swim ) . it looked like it had a lot of weights and machines to choose from but i never got to use any of them . we were staying to go to sofa ( the sculptural objects functional art exposition ) at navy pier . having a great hotel in close proximity to navy pier , in a central location downtown , with a gerat view of lake michigan was important . ( well the great view wasn ' t important , but it was a very nice bonus ) . the bar in the hotel lobby has a very comfrotable feel , even though stylistically its very classy . we saw several groups of people sitting around chatting with tables pulled together or by the fireplace , and both bartenders were very friendly and helpful answering questions about chicago . our whole stay it felt like the staff went out of their way to make sure we had the best visit possible . breakfast in the geneva downstairs was great as well . i love fresh fruit but generally you only get apples and a banana , so seeing fresh raspberries , blueberries and strawberries ( among other breakfast fruit staples ) was surprising . they had a great selection of pastries , cereals , yogurt and breakfast meats . there were so many different things for breakfast ( plus you could order off the menu ) it would take too long to go into them , but i was happy to get such a variety of options . i wish i could mention every good thing about our stay . . . there were just so many little things that made it add up to a great trip . the only downside was that we had to leave . we ' re already planning a return trip to the swiss where we can stay for at least a week to see parts of chicago we missed and because we had such a great experience it really made us want to come back . 
this is the second time my family and i have stayed at this property since N . just like our last visit , the staff is top-notch with a friendly demeanor and eager to please . the valet was always present and opening the door for us night and day . they were also great at assisting us with our luggage and retrieved our vehicle quickly when we needed it . the workers in the dining area ( breakfast and dinner is included ) were also very pleasant and quickly cleaned tables . the room was very clean and spacious . consider that you are N N a block from the magnificent mile in what is essentially a one bedroom apartment . with the subway a block away , your access to the entire city is convenient . all units include a kitchenette with microwave , full-sized refrigerator , cooktop , dishwasher , toaster , etc . compare the price and you ' ll see that this place is hard to beat . the only area i can offer improvement in is that the facilities are probably in need of a refurbishment soon . this is nit-picking , however , because everything is very clean and functional . certainly not something that should keep you from booking here . i know we will again . 
loved this place ! . . . awesome location central to everything . . . walked to it from the amtrak station with our luggage . . . block away from the l trains . . . . . super close for catching the hop on off tour buses . . . . only downside i can see is the room was a little small . . . but who cares . . . we just slept there . . . . always had free cold filtered water available on our floor from a dispenser . . . you just fill up plastic bottles . . . excellent ! . . . . checkin and checkout was a breeze ! . . . we paid N a night in july . . . i imagine it ' s cheaper during slower times of the year ! 
we stayed two nights here and had a lovely room with a city view in this vibrant part of chicago , north of the river . we had lost a suitcase at the airport and all of the staff went out of their way to help us retrieve it . the atmosphere was very friendly and everything worked well . the bed was extremely comfortable , with a gadget to change its softness hardness -- just what we needed after a long flight . also near some great restaurants , and across the street from a supermarket drugstore , which was very handy . would definitely stay here again . 
my recent stay at the palmer house did not disappoint . wonderful upscale hotel . am planning to stay again . wonderful location . 
upon check in , we learned that the pool , which was one of the main reasons for booking this hotel , was closed . no one informed us of this at the time we booked . when we got to our room , we found it to be very small , dirty ( ants in the bathroom ) , and loud due to construction in the hotel . again , a point that they failed to mention when we booked this hotel . we called the front desk for an upgrade . they agreed and put us in a " suite " . this room , even though it was bigger , was still dirty and grungy . the floor of the tub , for whatever reason , squished when it was stepped on . we thought we had solved the noise problem but found in short time we were wrong . the room was adjacent to the elevator which could be heard running up and down all night long . check-in check-out was a hassle and the valet service was mediocre at best . needless to say , our experience with the essex inn was horrible . i would not recommend staying at this hotel . ever . 
i booked this place through an acquintance at chicago . we stayed here for N days and must say its a really great hotel . also known as the home of presidents because in the past , many a us presidents and foreign heads of states stayed here , congress plaza is located right in the heart of downtown chicao on michigan avenue . the view is awesome , facing lake michigan and buckingham fountain . as we had busienss meetings at cbot , cboe , cme etc we could easily walk our way through . although hotel is priced economically the food and water are bit pricey or at least seemed to me coming from a cheaper place like india . there is a departmental store around the corner where one can buy water etc at lower rate . 
attended a conference at the palmer house and it truly surpassed my expectations . i had no idea it would be so large , so nice and with so many amenities . i also didn ' t realize that it is just around the corner from milenium park and the art institute . we were met at the door by the friendliest staff . even with a long line at check-in , the entire process was about N minutes . we enjoyed the room with the up-to-date tv , decent size bathroom and comfortable bed . had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant . paid N night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown chicago . we have stayed at the sofital which is much more upscale , but we also paid over N night there . 
this hotel is a great location very close to the magnificent mile , nearby restaurants and many chicago attractions . staff was very helpful and friendly . the rooms are spacious and very clean with a refrigerator and microwave . i would highly recommend this hotel to all . we truly enjoyed our stay . 
stay anywhere else in chicago and you ' ll be making a mistake . pick a category and this hotel has it knocked . there was nothing to complain about . loved every minute of it . the room was outstanding and the service was even better . they are the best and treat everyone like a celebrity . way to go donald , you rule . 
kudos to the trump organization for erecting a magnificent building in a great location and training the staff to provide extraordinary service . when we frst arrived , we were greeted by friendly bellmen and receptionists who were courteous and efficient . hot towels were provided each member of our group . our room was ready early in the day and made available to us . the bellman , who showed us to our room , took the time to explain many of the features and amenities . several times furing our stay , he went out of his way to help us . our room was immaculate and had a beautiful view . the kitchenette was well equipped . whatever we asked for was provided quickly and cheerfully . follow up calls were placed to our room by supervisors who checked that our needs were met . several supervisors went out of their way to introduce themselves and offer service . i have stayed in several luxury hotels but i have to say the service here is the best i have ever experienced . free internet and coffee service in the morning were very nice touches . bottled water was provided to our room every day or upon request in the lobby . concierge service was very helpful . the hotel itself is a magnificent piece of architecture which stands out among the many other distinctive buildings in chicago . from the moment you reserve a room to the moment you leave , you are treated like royalty . 
we visited in the month of sept . . . . . the hotel rooms are small but neat , the hotel is centrally located . . . . . but there was one problem just be careful when you are making a cash advance deposit instead of credit card . . . . . while checking out they might run out of cash and your account will be credited only after a month . . . . 
i just returned from a business trip and loved this hotel . while my room was a little dated- my co-workers had very boutique updated accommodations . the staff was beyond friendly , helpful and professional . i would come back in a heart beat ! make sure you check out the hotel lounges- very cool ! ! 
i was in town for the paddy ' s day celebrations and the hotel is great for visiting the countless pubs clubs of this great city . staff were very friendly and helpful . the rooms were really nice and the weber grill downstairs is great for food at any time of the day . all in all very good value for money ! 
in december my wife and i stayed at the whitehall hotel , a landmark in chicago . the location of the hotel is outstanding because it is less than one block to michigan avenue the holiday lights , shopping , and fine restaurants are at your finger tips . we did receive a discounted rate which made the stay a good bargain . the room was quite spacious and had a touch of " old elegance " . the king sized bed was very comfortable and the bath had been updated with marble counter tops and new tile . after dining on saturday evening , it was only a two block walk back to the hotel . . . very convenient . the only drawback we experienced were the crowded elevators full of chicago bears fans when we were checking out on sunday . there are only two elevators , small in size , due to the tall and narrow nature of the building . we ended up walking down the stairs after not being able to board three consecutive elevators . we enjoyed a fine breakfast at the restaurant right next door to the hotel . the whitehall location puts you right in the middle of the action . 
if you are rich and you don ' t care about how much money you spend in your travel to get good accommodations , this hotel is not for you . just skip it . you can find tons of better hotels in chicago downtown . however , i ' m not that kind of guy . when i go to chicago twice per year , cost for hotel and parking creates some pain in my wallet . this hotel saved me in that point . one train ( cta ) stop from midway airport , five-minutes walk from cta station and N minutes to downtown by cta . . . i believe this convenient location is the best part of this hotel . ( you can use the shuttle bus to go to airport and cta station , too ! ) furthermore , the room price is around N per night if you book in advance . you cannot find such good deal normally with such convenient location in chicago . this price includes complimentary breakfast , fitness center and free parking ! i believe you can save N per night just by staying at this hotel . with this saving , you can enjoy good meals , concerts and museums in downtown ! accommodations are kind of average or above a bit with this price but i have no complaint about them . only complaint i have for this hotel is there is little space to have breakfast in the lobby . it means i have to bring the meals back to my room . as an additional caution , if you come here by your car , be sure arriving earlier to ensure your parking space . normally , it would be a bit difficult to find a single space in late evening or night . the above things are kind of minor drawbacks ( at least for me ) . i ' ll keep using this hotel for my coming chicago trips . 
what a great property and stay - the location is great for tourists N block from the north branch of the river and it ' s riverwalk N block from the ' l and a half block farther to the subway , but not on a transit route itself ( quieter ) N minute walk to millennium park ( and the least expensive long-term parking in the area ) three blocks from the major live theatres close to everything or to how to get to everything . - without fail , we were greeted at the door and front desk coming and going . - clean , comfortable , functional throughout our room was spacious and the bath and shower were excellent . although we didn ' t confirm that we ' d been given it , we ' d requested the " tall " room that some kimpton properties offer since we ended up on the business floor ( but well separated from the meeting rooms ) which often have higher ceilings , the shower head was N inches over my N ' N " scalp , and the complimentary robe actually fit me ( they almost never do ) i ' d guess that that ' s where they put us - loved it . - very nice restaurant bar on the premises with free continental breakfast ( coffee tea juice ! , toast and large fresh fruit plate for each person ) - free starbucks coffee ( N-Nam ) and wine ( N-Npm ) in the lobby daily - they are pet-friendly ( and have a photo album of their previous N-legged guests ) - all the city ' s attractions were within walking distance - either directly or via the extensive and efficient transit system get a cta visitor pass for unlimited l subway bus usage , it ' s not worth driving to most places . in contrast to previous reviews , the only noises we heard were the occasional siren ( we were downtown so this is to be expected ) and the occasional faint screech from the ' l cars on the turn at the end of the block - the a c was like central air at home , but quieter . we ' d recommend this property to anyone - especially tourists - who are traveling to or thru chicago . 
the conrad is a gorgeous hotel with luxe amenities . my friend and i especially enjoyed having drinks on the outside terrace bar . gorgeously appointed , spacious , fabulous bathroom ! ! 
clean , modern rooms . helpful staff . attached restaurant and bar are also of a high quality . i ' ve stayed at felix multiple times and will continue to stay here in the future . 
my husband and i stayed here for a week in august sept N . the good points the location is excellent , close to the magnificent mile , the grand ave el , lots of restaurants and shops . the rooms are fairly spacious and we got an excellent room rate . the staff were friendly and helpful . the kitchen is fully equipped with a full sized fridge with ice maker . the bad points the breakfast room had an awful smell about it . the food at breakfast was very average , and they ran out of some things every morning . there was always a massive queue to get a table at breakfast , and there were endless screaming kids about . the room was very dated , and needed to be revamped . the bathroom was small and a bit grubby , and the shower didn ' t have a lot of pressure . the sheets didn ' t fit the bed properly and every night they came off the sides of the bed so we ended up partially sleeping directly on the mattress . the bedding also felt very cheap , with what felt like nylon sheets . the lift was slow . the windows in our room were so dirty , you couldn ' t see out for the smears all over them . if you are looing for a cheap place to stay in the middle of things , this is the place . if you are looking for a sophisticated hotel , this is not the place to stay . there are plenty of other nicers places to stay . 
very conveniet to downtow . the hotel is quite , clean and confortable with a big lcd tv . the hotel park cost a little bit much that other solutions , but very convenient . for breakfast there is a starbucks very close to the hotel . 
am a frequent business traveler to chicago and the hampton inn majestic has become my hotel of choice for the reasons listed above . the rooms are modern and very comfortable its is centrally located within the loop the staff could not be more friendly and accomodating . 
the wyndham hotel is located N N block from the magnificent mile . we had a great experience at this hotel . we stayed in a non-smoking room with a single king-size bed . the rooms were clean , comfortable and you couldn ' t ask for a better location for a first-time visit to chicago . the concierge made our stay in chicago a great one . great tips on what to do in the city and they made reservations for us whenever we needed them . this by far was one of our best mini-vacations we have ever had and the wyndham had a lot to do with it . 
stayed here Nnts in april . preppy dress code . had to wear nicer clothes then i am used to , not that i dress like a slob , but i don ' t have a lot of collared shirts being a woman . we had come in from midway , via the " l " . i changed my shoes and put on a collared shirt outside the hotel . ck . in was fast , and we were on the monroe side of the hotel on the Nrd floor , very noisy all day , and had trouble sleeping at night . i did enjoy my view of the chicago institute of art . the bed in the rm was a king , and very comfortable . the tv was just so so . the very nice bellman brought in our luggage and showed us around the rm , and got us ice water , he also said they had no movies on cable , but you could rent them from the front desk . you are not supposed to tip here , but we did anyway . we ate dinner and breakfast at the front grill , on the the Nth floor . very good food . plus , a fabulous view of the lake front . the location of the hotel is very nice , because the next day i walked over to the chicago institute of art and millennium park . the university club was very close to the adams wabash stop , on the orange line , to the loop , on monroe street . as you headed to monroe street , you could see the green awnings to the right . there was a ironing board and iron , but the plugs were a bit hard to locate and find . the restroom was tub shower , which was hard to figure out how to turn it on at first , once you did it was ok . if you are prone to hot showers , you will not get them here . i don ' t like very hot showers , but the water was quite unconfortably cold here . i did love the towels though , and you had the luxury of individual robes hanging in the closet . if you like to dress college prep , stay here . it is nice , but too stuffy for me . 
this hotel is in a great location for theatre , the symphony , the art institue and the lyric opera . the room we had was pretty freshly decorated , clean and not shopworn . great view to the north of the trump tower and carbide building ( hard rock hotel ) . the hotel has a buffet breakfast included - nothing special , but kept very well stocked with a different main entre on each of our three mornings . ethernet or wifi is included too . the hotel is two blocks from the orange line and within one block of the blue and red lines too for easy access to the airports and the rest of town . our room was on the top ( Nst ) floor and very quiet . 
i cannot say enough good things about this hotel . our family of five stayed in a two-room suite that was spacious and comfortable and clean . the beds and sofabed were all very comfortable . the suite had a kitchenette also . the location was great for using public transportation and touring chicago . the staff was extremely helpful and answered all of our questions completely . there is a really good breakfast - besides the usual items on a continental breakfast , on one day , there were eggs scrambled with ham , and on another , sausage patties and french toast sticks . there is a very small store by the front desk if you want to buy cokes , snacks , etc . , late at night - the front desk folks will open it for you . i got a good rate on expedia ( government rate ) . i will absolutely stay there the next time i am in chicago . 
my wife and i , went here for a romantic get away . . . i choose this w for my wife and to my surprise . . . this was a very nice and updated hotel that we both feel in love with ! we ate dinner once and breakfast once and both times and the meals are awesome ! the rooms are small but very very nice . with upgraded t . v . bed and other things makes this hotel very nice . the gym is a " N " from N to N this hotel is close to the monroe train subway station N blocks to be exact . so remember to take the " l " train from o ' hare for N . N per person get off on monroe and walk N blocks and ur there ) over all we loved the location the people and the city . . . . . . . . i hope you have a wonderful time as we did ! thanks
very nice location , staff was very helpful , rooms were very clean . has a pool which is a big plus . would definately stay again . 
the hotel is in a perfect location . one block from the red line and one block from michigan ave . the room was fine . it did not appear to be worn or dated as some of the other reviewers have remarked . one of the elevators was not working during our stay , which made it a little time consuming to get to our room , however , the wonderful staff was there to help . they gave guests rides up the service elevator , which allowed us to avoid long waits . the thing that makes this hotel excellent is the staff . they are genuinely friendly and go out of their way to help their guests . the breakfast is okay , but if you are in chicago you really should be trying out the local restaurants since that is half the reason to visit ! 
just back from N night stay at omni and would thoroughly recommend it . staff bent over backwards to assist in anything , no matter how minute . great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my Nyo daughter . if i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges , taxes etc for room service , bar and restaurant , but where is cheap these days ? would definitely recommend it , especially for families . 
we were pleased with this hotel . just came back from a N night stay with my two teenage sons . we went to see king tut and had a great time . the room had two double beds with new bedding , the room was clean , and the bathroom looked like it was recently renovated . we used the free shuttle to the john hancock building , which was great and saved us a cab fare . we ate breakfast in the restaurant once and although a bit on the pricey side , the food was ample and good . location is great next to grant park and the museums . i would definitely stay in this hotel again and would recommend it to others and the price was right . 
i stayed at the w lakeshore for one night on january Nth . i would agree with the previous post that had both pros and cons . the views are indeed fabulous . i loved that i could work out in the healthclub overlooking the lake . the hotel is totally hip and trendy , although i will say that i was not overly impressed with the whiskey sky bar . i personally like the lobby bar much better . also , the hotel smells fabulous and the location is great . on the downside , i thought the walls were a little thin . you could hear everyone open and close their doors all down the hallway . i also didn ' t really care for the shutter window and shuttered door concept on the bathroom . it leaves much to be desired for privacy . the only other thing worth mentioning , which has also been mentioned before , is that they do nickel and dime you to death . i ' m used to mini bar prices being high , but N for a small bottle of water is ridiculous . breakfast for two a la carte in the restaurant ( not room service ) was N with the tip . i will say though , due to the great location there are plenty of nearby dining options outside the hotel that won ' t break you . everyone that i dealt with on the staff was great and if i could get a decent rate i would stay at this hotel again . 
it was during a business trip that i was recommended this fairly new hotel and i was deeply impressed . the hotel is outstanding because of the location , the service , the rooms , the kindness of the staff , and much more . the spa is a haven in itself , an island of tranquility and relaxation , with most professional staff . the spa bar with dried fruit was an ongoing temptation for me . . . i hope to be able to come back to this wonderful hotel soon . 
we stayed with friends for thanksgiving , hotel staff were really nice and helpful about directions and food locations around , the rooms were clean , huge beds . continental breakfast was ok , juice , coffee , bananas and some muffins . just enough not to feel hungry , nothing extra . but second day we came like half an hour before breakfast was over , and literally there was nothing there , only N juices left , so when we asked if they gonna put up smth for us , they were like no , that there is nothing left for today . so we were left without breakfast , so wake up early if u want to get anything , beside the sitting area is limited , there is nowhere to eat if N-N sitting couches r full , plus u r kinda sitting right next to the entrance . their bathroom floor was very weird , like the shower and the general floor were on the same level , so when u took shower , water would be all over the bathroom , which was terrible , bcs u had to manually push the water back after shower with towels , bcs bathroom was impossible to walk in . beside the morning we were moving out , the toilet water came out when we flushed it , and started to fill up very quickly , and next second toilet water was all over the place , called the reception , and they sent the plumber pretty quickly . internet was very very very slow , sometimes didn ' t even connect . overall ok hotel for the money u pay , and location is all right , if ur ready to walk N min to millenium park area . 
we stayed at the hotel monaco for three nights from august N through august N . this was our first trip to chicago and were pleased with our choice of both city and hotel . location we chose hotel monaco based on the many positive reports on trip advisor and other sites . we wanted to be close to the river and the trains and with the lake station a few blocks away , the location for us was perfect . wicker park bucktown , oak park and of course o hare are easily accessed . in particular , the convenience of taking a train from a major international airport downtown as opposed to a taxi , bus , etc . was appreciated ( hello toronto , get your act together ) . the loop location ( wacker and wabash ) was great with many major attractions within easy walking distance ( we are a couple in our early N s with a teenage daughter ) . hotel this isa great hotel , very reasonably priced with excellent amenities , rooms and staff . we were given room N , overlooking the intersection of wacker and wabash with the river , the trump tower and a mies van der rohe tower forming a backdrop . the room was very clean , large , cool and bright with two queen beds . our only concern would be the lack of drawer space ( maybe due to this being an adjoining room with N . the window seats are wonderful to lay on and gaze out on the view or for catching a short nap ! the hotel was very quiet with no hall or room noise . on the Nth floor we could just hear the el down on wacker which we really enjoyed ( the el was a major interest of ours ) . we enjoyed the size of this hotel where front desk and lobby staff recognize you . complimentary starbucks coffee in the morning and wine late afternoon , offered in a double height room adjacent to the lobby , were very nice touches . staff the staff were very helpful and professional , offering interesting and important facts and advice . at N . N am arrival , our luggage was stored and front desk staff called our cell a few hours later to inform us that our room was ready . bottled drinks were left for us be the housekeeping staff when they realized we liked orange juice . when a family emergency occurred on our day of departure , staff offered to help get our luggage to the lake station for the trip to o hare . excursions we are by no means chicago experts but we d suggest the following N . check out the wicker park bucktown area for some great little shops ( used books , movies , etc . ) and wonderful food . N . the chicago food planet food tours are a wonderful way to slowly get to know interesting neighbourhoods ( and to get away from the repetitive nature of places like the magnificent mile ( not so mag in our minds ) . N . the steppenwolf theatre in oldtown was a nice treat and we were able to get some good food and drink at o briens . N . the trip to oak park ( self guided walking tour and home tour ) is very interesting . this part of oak park is beautiful and the home tour guides offer great insight into the life of frank lloyd wright . N . whatever you do , go to millennium park and the art institute . world class all the way . unfortunately millennium park closes at N . N pm so be sure to go earlier to catch the amazing light of the pritzker pavilion and the surrounding buildings . in conclusion , we would highly recommend this hotel for your next trip to chicago . 
this was our second visit to chicago and without a second thought we again chose the amalfi . location is perfect for exploring downtown area and around . really comfortable beds , spacious rooms , complimentary breakfast and of course not forgetting the free drinks and nibbles every evening . i could not fault the hotel at all and could not have asked for more , we will definitely stay here again on any future visits to the city . 
great bathroom for two and a spacious , relaxing room with a modern look and a decent floor to ceiling view of downtown chicago . 
i called on december Nth , N at N p . m . to book a room for an upcoming weekend getaway , and was taken aback when the phone was picked up and promptly hung up without a word . thinking this might have been a simple mistake , i gave it another try . a woman introducing herself as " toni " answered the phone , rushed through her introduction , sounding incredibly bored and annoyed that she had to answer the phone . barely letting a second go by after her introduction , she gave a snotty " hello ? ! " before i could open my mouth and tell her " never mind . " never has a hotel answered my call so rudely . i ' d like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and pin this unpleasant experience to " toni " however i will not be calling back again in hopes to stay at this hotel during this trip . 
for the first time in my life i was able to stay at the drake hotel in chicago . the location of this hotel is unbeatable . see my photos for the view of lakeshore drive from my room . furthermore it is right off north michigan avenue by all the malls . the hotel has so much history it ' s unbelievable . the desk clerk told us that president obama was there the week before we arrived . they have a window display that shows some of the signatures of historical figures that have stayed there . don ' t miss the princess grace signature , or dean martin . loved the bed treatments . bathrooms were very roomy and cleanliness in this property is top-notch . one other tip , i bought my room directly on their website and saved substantially over expedia . 
previous writers were correct about the prices , but there are a variety of nearby places where you can eat more reasonably . the location was great ! you can walk so many places easily from the hotel . on check in they offered a room with two bathrooms and a view of the lake for an additonal N , and i took it . the view was nice , the room was nice , roomy and one bathroom had a bathtub the other a shower . you really should park elsewhere as there is one adjacent to the block with N parking . 
trendy hotel , modern design . . . the room i stayed in was large , i couldn ' t tell if i had been upgraded because it was one open space , with a long hall dividing the front door and bathroom ( with a shower that could fit N people ) . i just didn ' t understand the planning of the room ( weird layout ) and the hotel itself wasn ' t as plush as i thought it could be . . . like the palms in las vegas or loew ' s hotels
my family and i stayed at the embassy suites for a long weekend . it was located within a mile of michigan ave . so great for shopping but we would definately look to stay somewhere else the next time we go to chicago . the managers reception was really disappointing . spinach dip and stale pita bread . the breakfast in the morning was a real bummer as well . the eggs were cold and the french toast soggy . the pull out bed was broken . i called to the front desk N different times , after a half hour wait i finally got fed up and went down to the front desk . they gave us a different room . nothing like having to move all your stuff at N N at night . the pull out bed in the new room worked but you could feel the springs in the mattress . my daughter woke up with a sore back the next morning . overall , a very disappointing stay . we will definately be looking to stay somewhere else the next time we visit the windy city ! ! 
we stayed at the hyatt regency during the week , tuesday - friday , after getting the room for N night on hotwire . i was a little worried about our stay after reading the reviews online but we were very pleasantly surprised . the location is great , right off of michigan ave and within walking distance of theatres , shopping , and restaurants . we were on the Nth floor and had a fabulous view . the staff was helpful and courteous . the front desk checked us right in , there was no wait in line . the concierges were polite and quick to give us answers to all of our questions . we ' d called ahead and requested a room with a king size bed and that ' s what we got . it was clean , modern , and spacious the bed and pillows were heavenly and the bathroom was very nice and roomy . my only wish was for more drawer space for our clothing and more hangers in the closet . the mini-bar is weight sensitive , if you remove anything the scale senses it and the item is charged to your room , so we never touched the bar . there is a grocery store literally a minute walk away , so we got snacks and such there . the room was right off of the elevators , and we were not disturbed by noise . likewise , we never encountered a problem with bar or band noise or crowds as we came and left the hotel . when we checked out , we called ahead for valet to bring the car . they said it ' d be a N-N minute wait but the car was there in N minutes . i ' ll admit that parking is pricey at N a night , and there are several ramps nearby that are much cheaper , but we chose to splurge on the valet parking . i would not hesitate at all about staying here again . we had a wonderful experience . 
all embassy suites are pretty much the same . . . kid friendly , sweeping atrium , great free breakfast and so-so well drinks during the manager ' s reception ( but hey , they ' re free so i ' m not complaining ) . there is always something of a facade to it all i think the construction and infrastructure are pretty cheap bordering on shoddy . we like the big rooms , but so do a lot of big families so it ' s really not the place for a romantic weekend . the rooms are drab and somewhat biege , showing a little wear probably due to all the kids . the staff was very friendly and quick to respond to some minor problems with the room . would i stay here again ? probably , but there are a ton of other options nearby to check out . best reasons for staying here big double rooms , free breakfast , location , hh points . 
i was thrilled with my stay at the james hotel . first , the quality of the rooms were exceptional . i love the modern touches and attention to detail . i stayed in a loft suite with a media room . i ended up watching the academy awards in the media room and it was ideal ! i love that they use intelligent nutrients for their shampoo , conditioner , etc . i also love that they provide all guests with bottled triple filtered water . service was excellent . the doorman greeted me by my first name and everyone was friendly , courteous and professional . their complimentary ride on an audi qN was a treat ! i loved that . there are so many " detail " stories to tell--i found something interesting and delightful at every turn . last but not the least , unbeatable location . the james is likely my " go to " hotel when i go to chicago from this point forward . 
i stayed at this hotel while attending a medical show at mccormick place . it was a nice hotel better than expected . quick check-in in clean room , . had a coffeemaker and hairdryer in the room . the front desk was pleasant and knowledgeable . had nice lobby with two internet computer , free internet access ( wireless ) there was a connected restaurant that had above average food and drink . the hotel is almost directly on michigan avenue within a brisk N minute walk of mccormick . i walked north on michigan to radio shack and walgreen ' s so it is nicely located . i would recommend this hotel now and in the future . it is a quality establishment . 
the swissotel is a great place to stay in chicago . great staff very helpful . the rooms were very clean , had all the ammentities and more . the hotel is in a great location and close to millenimum park , magnificent mile , navy pier . transportation is everywhere . lots of cabs , buses , trolleys and near the l train . the city is very clean and we felt very safe . great harbor . will go back again . 
staying at the sutton place hotel one of the first weekends right after new years was a perfect start into the new year . although it was very very cold in the windy city when we arrived ( now i know where this nickname comes from ) , we were hearty welcomed by shelby , the doorman . right after he took care of our luggage , we were able to check in with one of the receptionists at the sutton . after a quick check-in , we were able to head up to the room to unpack . after spending some time in the room and enjoying the beautiful view of the city and it didn ' t matter that we were on the Nth floor , we headed out to enjoy the gold coast . exploring the nice neighbourhood at the beginning , we finally ended up having a very nice ( and huge ) steak across the street . we called it a night after a few hours at a club around the corner . since the sutton is just N short blocks away from michigan avenue , the magnificent mile , we almost spent the whole day with shopping . after getting back to the hotel and recovering , it was very cold outside , we came to the lobby to see the concierge . unfortunately , the concierge was not present at that time , but tristian , one of the receptionists , was able to get us reservations for dinner though . we chose to have italian at the ilmulino ' s which was outstanding . on sunday , we asked for a late departure and there was no problem to get a later check-out . after getting all of our stuff together and doing the express check-out , we were able to head back to the sun , back to california . in general , this hotel is very nice , the room very clean and accomodating and the staff outstanding and very friendly . the location is just great . a very recommending hotel for a great price . 
my wife and i stayed at the affinia for N nights . we used their website to book the trip , they had a pricing guarantee and an option to upgrade for N per night . we got a junior suite . the room was very good size and very clean . bed was comfortable . pros location , location , location just a block off michigan ave . excellent concierge service especially from joel . cons ambulance sirens sound ( located across from hospital and only N elevators serving our floor was slow a couple of times - nothing serious . a short cab ride to the apollo theater where we saw million dollar quartet - highly recommend . also , visited a pub called timothy o ' tooles a few blocks from the hotel , good food and a great place to watch the football games . would definitely stay here again . 
typical w hotel but location was not ideal . my room was right next to the " l " so it kept me up all night . 
our mistake for not reading the reviews of this hotel before we stayed there . some friends and i stayed at the travelodge while we were in town for a concert . the front desk misinformed us about parking . my car was towed . we had to pay for a cab to go pay to get my car out of the lot after we had already paid for parking . when we confronted the desk staff of this we were told by ken " well , you girls will learn a hard lesson " in a way a disappointed angry father would . he was very rude to us throughout our stay . when we went to check out and pay , my friend ' s card was declined . she called the bank and travelodge had charged over N on her card the previous day which caused her to overdraft . when we brought it to ken ' s attention , he kept trying to shrug it off as though he had been wiped clean of us now that they had our money . we called the toll free number on the card while we were in the lobby , thinking it was a corporate number . when we heard the phone ring at the front desk we hung up . ken , then looked at us with a cold , maniacal , angry glare . oh , and aside from the rude , unhelpful staff , the rooms were disgusting . 
we had a great stay at the hotel - i have recommended to my colleagues and others if they are headed to chicago . the location downtown is ideal - two blocks for the subway and walking distance to everything on the north side of the river . 
the knickerbocker has received its share of negative reviews . maybe the management has taken some of the suggestions . i came here with my husband and two children right before christmas . we booked the hotel through priceline , as we always do . chicago has so many N star hotels and we like the excitement of getting the best deal and exploring the different types of rooms around the city . we have been to chicago countless times and stayed at most of the hotels N stars and above . so , background info accepted , the knickerbocker wasn ' t that bad . i ' d describe the room decor as ornate , yet cheap and dated . would never consider this a N star establishment , but it was fine . the staff was warm and attentive . the location is soooo good ! and , it was a good deal through priceline . beware of the lift doors , they shut very quickly ! eat at the foodlife restaurant ( s ) in the basement of the watertower shopping complex ( only two blocks away and open at N N am ) ! ! very cool ! 
i recently stayed here for work . when i got off the elevator and realized i was directly across from the elevator i was worried about the noise . but , since i wasn ' t going to be in my room very much i decided not to change rooms . i quickly realized that it wasn ' t the noise from the elevators that would bother me , but the noise from the room next door . i heard the phone ringing while i was in the bathroom brushing my teeth and ran into the main room to answer it . i suddenly realized that the phone wasn ' t ringing in my room , but the room next door ! i also heard , verbatum , conversations from the ladies next door to me as well ! i never approached the subject with the hotel since these instances occurred while i was getting ready to leave my room and not at night . whenever i did interact with the staff , they were nice and accommodating and the location was great . it ' s within easy walking distance to some great shopping and lots of restaurants . the room was comfortable and clean . it did not have a flat screen tv as most better hotels do . it has a small fitness center on the Nrd floor with N hr access with your room key . i did not personally pay for this room , so i cannot say whether it was a good value or not . all in all a good experience except for the thin guest room walls . 
this hotel was great . the rooms were large and clean . the beds were unbelievably comfortable with nice linens . the bathroom was large , clean , up to date , and loaded with soft towels . and it ' s worth mentioning that the hotel had real , high-powered hair dryers -- not those terrible wall-mounted ones that you see in other hotels ( i ' m a women with thick long hair so i care about things like that ) . the view from my room was great . it looked out over the river . the staff was very accommodating , which you ' d expect in a N-star hotel . it was the fastest check-in i ' ve ever experienced . also , the concierge had great recommendations . the lounge bar was expensive but very nice . they had a great wine list , appetizers , and friendly service . the location is fantastic . it ' s a very short walk to the magnificent mile , plenty of restaurants , the navy pier , the train , and there is a cab stand right in front and a dunkin donuts next door . a cab from midway airport was N . a cab from wrigley was N . my only complaint about the hotel is that the mini bar has a weight sensor . so if you move around bottles in the fridge so that you can store your own food personal items , the sensor will send a signal to the hotel and you will be charged . or that ' s at least what the front desk told me . considering how much this hotel costs , it would be nice if they provided you with a fridge large enough to store your own items in it . through hotwire , i paid N per night for thursday-sunday . it was a great deal . i get the impression that normally it is much more . 
we only stayed one night but , the service was excellent , location was better than we imagined , and they were very flexible ! we arrived in chicago three and a half hours early and they were nice enough to let us check in early ! concierge was more than helpful with directions and food recommendations . i would love to go back ! highly recommended . 
historic hotels often smell and seem very old but not this property . it ' s a little gaudy in the lobby but the rooms were very pretty and well appointed . small but well decorated . the corridors are long and maze like and three separate elevators depending on the floor level . getting to your room can take a long time if you are in a hurry . being a full service hotel means you have to tip everyone on top of the expensive rates . it ' s close to michigan avenue and surrounded by many stores and restaurants but the immediate area is a little run down . it ' s a quick walk to to everywhere . no need for a car . no hotel gift shop - there ' s a small store next to the hotel but it ' s not part of the hotel . expensive property . 
N night stay , booked through slh , the location is excellent , the room we had and the general decor is a little heavy but no complaints , all clean and tidy , we had the benefit of a room upgrade which was nice . the service is really good , all the staff are friendly and attentive , we only had breakfast but the food was of a reasonable standard , the outside pavemnet cafe was great . i heard while there that plans are to extend the bar and restaurant , this can only improve the hotel when done , overall only positive comments . 
we could not find any other place to stay in chicago , so we booked this hotel given its location . the rooms are dated , dark and smelly . the staff is very unprofessional they could not find a package that had been dropped for me two days before my stay and i had to get back and ask numerous times to finally get it . they charged one of our rooms twice and we have left a number of messages to rectify the mistake , but it seems there ' s no will on behalf of the hotel to give us back our money . avoid this place . 
we have stayed in a grand suite which was well sized for N adults and N kids . the bedding was very comfortable as it was nice to have access to a microwave and the mini fridge bar . the bedroom area was separated from the living room by french doors which was nice for us as we had a baby . we needed a crib as we had an infant . they brought a pack and play and not a real crib . it was too low and too hard for the baby to sleep in , so we had to take her to sleep in our bed , fortunatelly it was a king size bed . overall , the suite was clean and in good shape , but it does not show a brand new charm . the sofa upholstery and carpet are getting to be a bit worn out . there is a small roof patio which may be a good place to hang out on during warm months . the lobby is small and you will not be able to hang out there . there is a small grocery store in the basement of the condo building across the street . location is perfect for exploring magnificient mile with a family . it is close to the playground near modern art museum , close to the water tower place mall . cheesecake factory restaurant is N minutes away . american girl store is very close . hershey ' s store was a big hit with our older child . the N n michigan avenue mall houses frankie ' s Nth floor pizeria which was a good and tasty choice for our family . the rush street had a good selection of bars for adults . the front desk people were always nice . the only bad thing was that we were charged for the minibar item that we have not used . the accounting does not answer voice mail , so it was a bit frustrating to deal with them . eventually , they have removed the charge . overall , it is a solid choice for exploring chicago with a family . 
we spent a long weekend at this hotel and had a fantastic time . we had an executive suite that was on the corner of the building so we ended up with views of michigan avenue and the water tower , and the lake and navy pier . the room was huge , with a large sitting room , separate bedroom - two tv ' s etc . my only complaint was that there was only one sink in the bathroom and the bathtub wasn ' t large . the service at the hotel is top notch - extremely helpful and friendly all round . we had drinks in the bar a couple of times , and there was some great music . bar prices were reasonable for a four seasons , and you have to try the scotch egg bar snack - just the best ! ! the location of the hotel was perfect for walking to all the places we wanted to go to , including some fabulous restaurants , but taxis were right there when we needed them . highly recommended - i would definitely go back ! 
my daughter and i stayed here dec N-N , N on a shopping trip from dallas . from the moment we pulled up until the time we left , we enjoyed every moment here ! the employees were all very helpful and extremely courteous in a genuine way . we were encouraged to sign up for the select guest program and received complementary beverages each morning . the rooms are very nice and the beds extremely comfortable . we stayed on the Nth floor with a west facing room . we did not eat in the hotel as we had a couple of specific meal plans but the menu looked good . parking is expensive and unless you plan on going far , you are better off with taxis . this is the nicest omni i have ever stayed at and i would highly recommend it to anyone ! 
we had a pleasant week ' s stay at the whitehall after N rooms changes . in both instances , the front desk was most accomodating although the room was close to , or at capacity . would certainly recommending avoiding rooms N-N on the lower floors as these rooms have no view and the noise is constant due to the fact that they face large air conditioning vents from the adjacent building . our final room ( a high level N ) was clean and large with the most comfortable king size bed we have ever slept in in all our years of travelling . ithe hotel is in a great location to the magnificent mile , the hancock building , a lakeside beach and a short walk to the chicago red line metro station . the restaurant is also good ( try the gnocchi with oxtail and the seafood pizza ) but the service was exceptionally poor the night we went . staff are friendly ( as are all chicagoans ) and helpful with information . 
we usually stay at the sofitel but thought we would try the conrad for a change . i don ' t think i would rate this hotel over the sofitel but it was still Nst class . but i do think the service was better at the conrad . we arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left . normally service goes down hill then but our waiter eric was the best . even when i kept ordering my after dinner ports . the meal may not have been the chop house but it was still very good . the bar was ok , no crown reserve . they did have the cask N at N a drink , ouch . the room service was very quick . our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits . the only fault we could find was the temperature on the Nth floor . it was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off . which wasn ' t so bad since my wife smokes . the temp on the Nth where the lobby , bar , and restaurant was fine . we enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in sept . one last thing , if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast . go to the west egg , only a few blocks away . 
the doubletree mag mile has a beautiful new lobby . i was greeted by a very friendly man at the front desk , where i received my yummy warm cookie . the room was a good size ( N queen beds ) . the beds were very comfortable . there was no refrigerator in the room , which would have been nice . access to the lakeshore athletic club , which was free , was very nice . it is a bit of a hike to the red line at grand , but very close to the magnificent mile . overall , it was a great stay . 
we love this hotel . great location , superior service and free parking to boot . one of the best buys in the city . 
we arrived only to fing out they had lost our reservtions . the front desk lady was rude and arrogant and pushed the problem off onto aaa . she continued to argue with me even after we had reserved the room . i had to tell her that i was finished with the discussion and walk away . the manager was of little help . we paid double the amount we booked the room for . two days later , aaa called and had convinced the manager to refund the difference . the air conditioner leaked down the wall and all over the carpet in the closet . the vents in the living room and bedroom were covered with mold and mildew ( see photos ) . even after telling the fron desk of this problem , nobody cleaned the vents . the television remote did not work in the living room and the cable went out consistently . this is a bad place to stay and other hotels are very close and are similarly priced . 
we travel a lot and stay mostly at N star hotels . we like the luxury but still want a lot of value for our money . we had reservations here and trump tower , and opted to stay here because of the nice package we got , including food credit and free parking . we are very pleased that we stayed here . my husband says that he would like to stay in kimpton properties as much as possible . there is a construction in front of the hotel so coming in and out of the hotel was very difficult . i was not N thrilled with the location , either . it was about N minutes walk to the heart of michigan ave . we requested higher floor and received an adequately furnished room with the view of chicago downtown . what distinguishes this property is the " trying to do everything we can " attitude of the employees . from the check-in person to the wine service in the afternoon to the bell man outside , employees are trying to please . i have one suggestion for the hotel and to kimpton properties in general . instead of just coffee service , throw in some pastries or donuts in the morning . that way those people who can go light will have satisfactory breakfast and those who want heavier breakfast will head to the sable restaurant , which i found perfectly adequate . i would rather have a coffee machine in the room than going downstairs just to pick up a cup of coffee . if i can picke up a pastry or two , it might be ok . i took a survey after the stay and left some comments about minor airconditioning incident i received an e-mail right back from the manager thanking me for the feedback and promising to rectify the situation . now this is an organization who wants to listen to the customers and tries to better itself . no wonder recent fortune magazine lists kimpton hotels the best place to work for ! 
wonderful location and super close to the l train , magnificent mile , riverboat tours and within walking distance to navy pier , etc . awesome service , very willing to help and answer questions . we had a room with the river view and it was gorgeous . will definitely stay here again . only negative thing we encountered was the elevators are quite slow , but it was nothing that was going to overshadow the rest of the hotel . 
the first thing i should note about this four-star hotel is that it charges ( and charges plenty ) for internet connection . this fact alone should lead one to avoid this hotel . that said , the hotel is large and historic . it has generally a good atmosphere , starting with the elegant and bustling lobby . the rooms are generally clean , but they vary . we stayed part of our last visit in a small , odd room with a poor bed and the rest in a larger room with a perfectly acceptable bed . had we stayed the whole time in the first room , i would probably give the hotel two stars above , but the second room would have gotten a four . so i averaged . while i said the rooms were generally clean , there was a piece of plastic wrapping on the hall floor between our room and the elevator that stayed there for the whole time we were there . it seemed to be no one ' s job to pick it up , and so no one did . that may be part of the problem of running such a large hotel , but it symbolizes to me that the staff here are not going the extra mile for the guests . i did not think the club floor breakfast was particularly special . we recently stayed in a few hotels in europe , where the breakfast in similarly priced hotels was much better and more varied . the breakfast here was identical , day after day . and on a crowded weekend , the club floor was really a zoo . 
i have always enjoyed staying at the palmer house . some of the rooms are very small but when i have asked for a larger room at check in they have always obliged . i would avoid the breakfast buffet at lockwoods . there is a very limited selection for the price you pay . in terms of lunch and dinner i would also skip the lockwood and go around the corner to miller ' s pub . they have excellent food at a very reasonable price . other posters have mentioned a fee for late check out . i have never had to pay extra for late check out . i asked for a Npm checkout and i was assured that it was not a problem . i enjoyed going to potters bar within the hotel . my friends and i were served promptly and the waitress was always checking on us . the price of drinks is reasonable . i would recommend the palmer house to anyone . it is a very nice hotel in a great location . 
this hotel is sterile , unfriendly and every time i check in here i feel like i ' m in a machine . i ' ve stayed here N times for conventions and almost every time here i get sick when i ' m here i ' m convinced their hvac system pumps dirty air into all the rooms . the c pushes lukewarm into the room all winter and the tiny rooms are just not comfortable . good luck printing a boarding pass in the lobby - they have some kind of crazy computer system that doesn ' t work . and get this , they charge you like N for internet in the rooms for each device you use . isn ' t that nice ? very hospitable . won ' t stay here again . the marriott miracle mile is a much nicer place . 
this is a massive hotel that appears to have many conventioneers , located just south of the loop in chicago . the location is not bad , however , it ' s a bit south for my liking to the magnificent mile , but is close to mccormack place and thus the appeal to those at conventions . i wouldn ' t want to be any further south than this , as the neighbourhood starts to get a bit " iffy " . the hotel is just huge inside , but check in was very smooth and incredibly pleasant . the hotel has a ton of elevator banks with comfortable sofas on each floor for you to sit in case there is a wait ( but there never was ) . the size of the hotel is obvious when you have to map out your journey to your room . many twists and turns await . . . . . . . . . . . its a huge hotel . the room was quite nice . large with two bathrooms ( it was not a suite either ) , however , i believe we did get an upgrade . hilton honours members get a coupon for complimentary bottled water and receive a usa today at their door the next morning . the beds were definitely on the small size . . . . . . . . . had a room with two very small double beds . tv was large - only problem . . . . you have to navigate through the usual solicitation to buy their movies before you get to normal tv . all the staff was very helpful and extremely pleasant . despite its size , this is a well run hotel with very content employees which makes all the difference in the world . no wonder this hotel has been a hilton landmark in chicago since the late Ns . 
room ( Nth floor ) wasn ' t huge but perfectly ok . there were no curtains but adjustable blinds , which made the room more spacious . location is a major plus and the price resulted in very good value for money . wifi didn ' t reach the Nth floor but was available ( free ) in the lobby area . the tremont should appeal mainly to the individual leisure traveller who dislikes large ( chain ) hotels . business travellers might miss an in-room internet connection and the lack of room service . the attached restaurant is fine but the evening i arrived ( late ) it was full and all i wanted was a quick bite to eat without having to find a restaurant . single traveller , london uk 
this was our first time at the allerton hotel . its location is great ! the hotel was most enjoyable . we especially enjoyed the bar area . we were there for three nights and started each evening by having drinks in the bar . while the drinks are not the least expensive , they are quite good . the bartender ( mark ) is great ! the room we had was also quite nice . the allerton is just steps away from the magnificent mile for easy access to shopping and dining . it ' s also within walking distance to navy pier . we ' d definitely return on the next trip to chicago . would recommend it for sure ! 
since we live in the chicago area , we were looking forward to spending a night in the city . we found the hotel uneventfully , but as we drove up to the hotel , we discovered that the one way street was now two way and there was no signage . there was no one outside to either take the car or tell us which way to go . we drove away and i called the hotel from my cell and was told , " i am with a customer and can ' t talk to you . " we drove around the block and tried again . this time there was a doorman who took the keys . the front desk check in was efficient , although not friendly . the room was small . the only chair was the one at the desk . the two " window seats " were built into the window wells and so high that i could only reach them by climbing up onto the bed . the closet held clothes that looked like someone had left them there on closer examination it was apparent they were for sale . the bathroom was nice but ordinary . the bath bombs were N . N apiece . was it worth N . N plus N . N in taxes and N . N for parking ? no . 
we had a good view , bed was comfortable . the room was small and pricey , i guess that is what you pay for location ! 
i booked this hotel via priceline . com and got a great deal for about N per night . the hotel is in a good location just a block away from michagan avenue . the hotel room was fine , no problems with it . room was really clean . we were located at the end of a corridor so we didnt have many people passing by , but you could hear people in the corridor when they were there . we didnt hear any noise from the rooms on either side of us though . breakfast is buffet style with the usual mix of hot and cold food . its N per person . houlihans next door does something similar but with less choice for N . check in and out was very quick . hotel staff all very friendly . parking very expensive but then all hotels in chicago are like this . no free wi-fi anywhere in the hotel which is a pity . i would stay here again . 
the conrad is among the best hotels in chicago and with some minor tweaking could be the very best value in town , if not the top-ranked property . we did encounter some minor problems with staff , as noted by other reviewers . upon checking in , we were sent to an occupied room . the front desk clerk simply wrote the wrong room on our key envelope ( N vs N , i think ) and it was a simple mistake . the guest already in the occupied room was good humored about it , luckily ! i also found the concierge to be quite aloof and would agree with other postings about the terrace restaurant . the one time we went out to have a drink , i felt like we were intruding . finally , there are noise issues between rooms . twice we had to call security in the middle of the night because folks from the wedding party next door were still in a mood to celebrate ! - ( however , a couple of little issues can ' t take away from the fact that the hotel is gorgeous . beautiful marble lobby , quick connections to the mall and street ( albeit with a bad two-elevator system ) , perfect chicago location and stunning guest rooms . our bathroom was huge and very clean , the bed was comfortable and we really liked the plasma tv with bose sound system ( which may be one reason the tv next door was so loud at times ) . overall , would stay at the conrad again and would recommend it to friends . 
i came from reynosa , tamaulipas , mexico to chicago driving my car . when i started to look for a hotel in chicago most of the hotels were so expensive and de cheaper ones were to far away from chicago , nothing in the downtown of chicago . finally with expedia i found this beautiful hotel ( chicago south loop hotel ) with the best prices and the best location . close we found train station , bus stop and less than N from the michigan lake . i got two bikes from mexico , one to my wife and other for me , everyday i go to the beach in the downtown in my bike . the hotel allowed to me to have the bikes on my room and there is also a free parking for my car . rooms are clean , wide . people of the reception desk are the best i have found in several trips . the building of the hotel is new , and this is very important i strongly recommend this nice hotel att . , fernando
we checked in around N N pm . bathroom toiletries were not replenished , and there was no bath mat . when we went to sleep , we took the pillows out of the closet , the cases had been used . they ran out of magnetic passes . we finally got one the morning we were to leave . this created a constant hassle because the hotel is incased in a security zone . parking is expensive . the garage is run separately . the people at the hotel could not tell us the cost . i can tell you now , it is N N hours and there are in and out fees , so if you take your car out , you will be charged more . both times i left the garage , there was a problem . once the card could not be read and the other , no receipt from the machine . both times they had to hand write a receipt for me as i was on business . i ' m still not sure i will get reimbursed as the receipts were written on scratch paper . beware of the hot buffet breakfast . the complimentary pass only covers one person from the double room . and i did find all the switching of elevators inconvenient . 
motel with ground and first floor only . i was on the ground floor and discovered during my stay that my bedroom windows were unlocked . as a solo female traveller this was not comforting to me neither were the two locks and a chain on my door . i slept very little due to feeling unsafe and due to what sounded like a generator machinery which i think was just under my room . this continued all night . they were unable to move me elsewhere . i was please to leave and i would not hurry back . cheap compared to many other hotels etc in the area . may be better for male travellers or groups
this hotel is great for a weekend in chicago . coming from someone who lives in chicago it ' s conveniently located to everything ! within walking distance to michigan avenue at anytime of year , on the river and centrally located in the great area of river north , full of amazing restaurants , bars , clubs and shopping ! additionally , our company hosts annual conferences at this location and the food , service and staff are very professionaly and great for corporate conferences and events ! 
i must say , i was a bit nervous after i booked this hotel seeing a mix of positive and negative reviews on trip advisor . i got an excellent deal on the hilton chicago via priceline . we are a couple in our late N ' s that drove down from wisconsin , parked at a blue line station , and rode in to the city via the blue line with a transfer to the red line . the hilton chicago is about N blocks away from the harrison red line . was a convenient way to save money on parking by taking the train , and the short walk to the hotel was not bad at all . upon entering the hotel , we were in awe of the beauty of the first floor . check-in took about N minutes due to their being a long line . we had a great room on the Nth floor with N full beds and N full bathrooms . as previous reviewers have stated , the beds and linens are very comfortable and clean . our room was very clean as well . there was a large flat screen tv on the bureau . plenty of room for N adults . again , gotta love the N bathrooms . i would say the only complaint i have was that the rooms were a bit warm and stuffy . air conditioner seemed to be set at N degree ' s which was a little too warm for our liking . we probably could have called the front desk and had this resolved , but really didn ' t spend enough time in the room to justify a call ( other than sleeping ! ) . on day N we ventured into the pool area . we wished we wouldn ' t have waited until our last day to check this out . after spending time in the pool and hot tub , we sat outside on the attached outdoor patio ( this all being on the Nth floor ) . there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance , or via a short ride on the red line . like i said , i had negative thoughts due to reviews i ' ve read prior to checking into this hotel . it ' s too bad others have had poor experiences , because we had a great experience ! i can ' t comment much on the restaurants in the hotel . we only stopped at the bar area near the concierge desk for a starbuck ' s coffee and pastry . coffee was reasonably priced , pastries were pricey , but that was expected . if you do wish to use the wireless internet , there is an additional charge for this . we chose not to use this as we both have iphones . due to the priceline savings , we saved about N off the price of this hotel . i think even if i did have to pay full price i would have written the same review and would have felt it still being worth full price . it was a great stay , and we ' ll definitely be back ! 
as a frequent traveler who depends on a reliable brand such as a ritz carlton or fairmount property , i was extremely impressed with the chicago conrad . the service was professional and friendly without being false . the appointments are comfortable and handsome . while the rooms aren ' t large , the layout is commodious . the bathroom is lovely , modern and quite spacious with a separate closed off toilet , allowing N people plenty of room for morning and evening ablutions . two names i must give honorable mention to . . . pooja at the front desk and asya as concierge . 
this hotel should do a complete renovation and try to find new solutions for their rooms . some bathrooms are extremely small ( too small ) 
we stayed here for a weekend in chicago and had a marvelous time . i thought the location was perfect , close enough to michigan avenue , restaurants , the el . . . our room and bathroom were plenty spacious - and my boyfriend is N ' N " so we are wary of space constraints . it had a lovely sitting area and i liked the chic decor . everything was easy from check-in to check-out . we also enjoyed our room service breakfast and our late night drinks in the bar . the only thing i would have liked was to have N bathrobes left for us and N cookies at turn-down - but that is only a minute little detail . i would definitely return . 
second time staying at the hyatt regency and the first time since their remodeling . i love the location of this hotel and the new remodeled rooms are great . my husband is a diamond member so we used one of his upgrades for a junior suite and the size and configuration of the room was perfect . great beds , great pillows and a shower with strong water pressure . those are the big three in my book . the reason i can not give it N stars is due to the attitude and service of everyone we encountered except for one employee in the club lounge . we stayed there N nights to attend a wedding over new year ' s , so that might be why we encountered so many problems . on the plus side , a manager called my husband the day after we returned to say that he had been told of our experiences and was calling to apologize and see what he could do to make the situation right . very , very impressive . needless to say , we are headed back to the windy city this summer to take in a cubs cardinals game and i have already made our reservation at the hyatt . also , food in the restaurant was really good as were the refreshments in the club lounge . 
as you ' ll see in other reviews , the staff here is pretty nice . sadly , the motel itself lacks some basics . we stayed in an upper floor ( there are two ) , and all room entrances are to the outside . i can only imagine the fun in the chicago winters , as there was a N N " gap at the front door . the room itself was euro-tiny . the double bed was firm , not quite rock-hard but uncomfortably close . there is a coffee maker , but no carafe , as the coffee exits into supplied styrofoam cups . there is a microwave and fridge , but there is but one tiny table afixed to the wall , and one chair . don ' t be a couple , please . there are no food preparation surfaces . the room ' s ac heater unit blows directly onto the bed hope you like the breeze . the walls are thin , and if you don ' t mind listening to the couple next door ' s sex life , you ' ll turn on the bathroom fan as we did . the bathroom door was incorrectly mounted and was difficult to close at all . the bathroom is tiny , and we surmise that larger people will have difficulty in it . there is supplied soap and body wash from dispensers in the shower tub . the room was clean , although one wall photo had somewhat melted from repeated bathroom condensation . the breakfast amounts to fruit , yogurt , and bagels dunkin donuts offerings , with coffee ( reasonable ) and tea . there is almost no place to sit perhaps three small cafe tables for all of the guests that want breakfast a bottom rung sort of endeavor . parking is tight , and it is close to the orange line shopping nearby if you need the i-N ramp to downtown and other destinations is a mile away . midway airport is about five minutes . the staff is genuinely helpful , and there are vehicles to take you places , like the airport , in a friendly way . the motel itself , however , is just not a very good value , in my opinion . 
this was our second time staying at this comfort inn . we were so impressed the first time we had to stay there again with our friend from ireland . the location is perfect and the rooms are nice , clean , and the perfect size . we will definately stay there on our next trip to chicago and our irish friend is recommending it to his friends who will be visiting chicago soon . 
this hotel was a pleasure . the location is excellent for finding your way around to the sights . the cool drinks waiting for you at all times were wonderful , as were the alcoholic beverages available at night . the concierge was a great help in getting around , as well as restaurant reccomendations . restaurant was also very good . cleanliness , upkeep and amenities within the room were all top notch . 
great hotel ! stayed there with my wife for one night , got a great deal from the hotel . amazing location , great staff . the bed was amazing and the pool and gym was also stacked with many machines and a great view while working out . the hotel staff is very very helpful , my wife forgot a pair of jeans and the mailed them back to us for free . i ' ve never seen so much of an effort from any staff . can ' t wait to stay again . 
i stayed at the allerton for a work conference and overall we all had a very good experience . because i was one of the conference coordinator i had a suite . it was one of the nicer suites i ' ve stayed in . the bed and pillows were comfortable . the room had two flat screen tvs and a ipod docking station . the bathroom was good , with a nice shower and good water pressure . the only issue i had with my room was N . there was no refrigerator to put odds and ends in and N . though there was a sink there were very few glasses and no plates or silverwear . the suite was quiet and i could not hear what was going on in the hallway of the hotel , but i could hear the firetrucks on the street from my room . when we were planning for the meeting conference we were concerned about our dealings with the reservation staff - they often mispronounced the hotel name and got our reservations all messed up . however the staff at the hotel were very nice and all very responsive to our needs . we used the renasissance ballroom for our meeting conference and everyone loved the room - the high ceilings , the windows , the new carpeting , etc . 
the w lakeshore is located along the water and seems like a great location for the warmer months . we were about a N minute walk to michigan avenue , where all of the shopping is . overall , we had a very nice stay at the w . the lobby is very cool and club-like . our room was more simple than i would have thought . since i had stayed at the w in montreal , i would have expected more color and fur ! the room was asian inspired and i did like the lounge chaise and the window with shutters that opened into the room . the staff was nice and helpful when asked , but did not go above and beyond . we were happy with the value that we received considering we spent about N a night . it was clean and comfortable . 
i stayed here in november N with my wife who was attending a conference . the conference had arranged hotel rates and we paid N taxes per night , which i think was a fair rate but not spectacular value . the hotel does seem to be situated a little out on a limb location-wise but the property itself is pretty smart . we had a king bed room which was at the end of a corridor . it seems that the end rooms are slightly smaller than the normal ones due to having to pinch a bit of the space for the entryway . the hotel was last refurbished ( whether it was new then or not i ' m not sure ) in N so it still feels fresh and new . the room was an ok size but nothing spectacular , but the bed was comfortable and there was good desk space for working . the tv was a nice lcd one with a large screen . the bathroom was a little disappointing - the basin unit seemed to be something much more in keeping with a holiday inn express , but this is a minor matter . the hotel restaurant is very good for breakfast and reasonable value too , certainly compared to uk prices - don ' t bother with the buffet , order something cheaper off the menu as this will fill you up nicely . the concierge was very helpful , getting a reservation last minute for N people at a nice seafood restaurant . all other staff were very professional too . the only thing i didn ' t like about the hotel was the air conditioning . it was far too noisy and kept me awake at night , hence the N blob rating . 
my boyfriend and i went here to celebrate our N year anniversary and were very pleased ! the location is great , in fact we were in walking distance to all the main attractions ! staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was modern and clean . the price was decent especially with valet parking . i would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone ! ) 
we stayed in room N which was nice . the location is very convenient to michigan ave shopping and restaurants . N for spaciousness , N for the small but adequate heated pool , N for the small but adequate fitness center , N for the surprisingly good room service food , N for the service . N for dated decor , with all the other things going for it the omni deserves an update . at least buy some fluffy new pillows guys - i ' d be willing to pay more for the room ! 
we stayed at the allerton from july N-Nth . i surprised my boyfriend with a trip for his birthday . at first everything was wonderful ! they upgraded our room to a suite with no charge and the concierge recommended wonderful places to eat ! the location is great if you ' re there to shop . so basically everything was great until we got home got our bank statement ! they charged us N . N for a smoking fee in a non-smoking room ! funny thing is neither of us smoke ! ! ! ! ! so we got the bank statement called the hotel who supposedly has pictures of this still haven ' t gotten a call back so they can show us these so called " pictures " ! so now we have to go through the entire dispute with our bank because they won ' t call us back ! right before we went there the only bad thing i heard from people is that charges have appeared on peoples credit card on " accident " . i didn ' t think this would be a problem considering we booked through expedia . i recommend if you stay at this hotel , book through a travel agency give them a fake credit card to hold when you check in because from what it sounds like N of the time they will overcharge you ! i am appalledthey would charge us with smoking when i think smoking is absolutely disgusting ! if you like taking risks with your money then stay here ! otherwise i would recommend a different hotel ! 
this hotel was awesome because we drove to chicago and it ' s right off of the highway . i liked that it wasn ' t downtown but that cabs were cheap and readily available ! 
stayed over feb . N-N , N . . . very cold outside , very nice inside . the staff at this hotel was awesome , even though they were freezing inside the lobby due to a water line break . the hotel is located two short blocks east of the michigan mile , near a post office , restaurants , and public transportation on ontario street . the king room we had was immaculately clean , one of the cleanest we have ever stayed in . the morning breakfast was very good , with waffles , breakfast sandwiches , hot oatmeal , cereal , etc . if you leave hungry , it ' s your fault . then entire staff was very personable , cheerful , and went out of their way to please us and other guests . it ' s about an N . N cab ride from the hotel to union station , and we were right on the bus lines we needed to go to the various attractions , like navy pier and the museums . we highly recommend getting a cta visitor pass and map , and it ' s not hard to travel in chicago . all in all , we will return again and stay at this hotel . 
the location of the hotel is very convenient . a lot of restaurants nearby within walking distance such as mcdonald ' s , portillo ' s , hardrock cafe , rainforest cafe , etc . you can walk to michigan ave . ( the magnificent mile ) in minutes . the rooms are newly renovated . the staffs are very friendly . don ' t forget to purchase your tickets for various attractions in chicago at the hotel desk as they offer tickets at a discounted price and could save you a lot of money on admission fees . we only knew this at the last day of our stay and is not benefits from it . may i suggest the hotel should post a flyer in every room so that hotel guests are well inform ahead . 
as a business-person and frequent traveler i have to say that my stay for new years eve at the chicago hyatt was the worst experience i have ever had in a hotel world wide . from the over-priced room with a view ( dirty windows looking at the river ? ) to the smoke-smell to the messed up dinner reservations . the list goes on . we gladly paid the full all access , up-graded room cost , trusting hyatt for a great new years and my wife and i were sadly disappointed to the point of checking out at Nam new years day to drive back home . 
last trip to chicago , i stayed at the palomar based upon tripadvisor ' s recommendations . i found the room cozy and the staff friendly helpful . it was a block away from a conference i attended as well . the wine hour and breakfast were nice touches at the palomar . this time , i decided to try trump international hotel . the location was far superior to that of the palomar ' s with engaging views of the river and skyline . the architecturally striking trump hotel was within walking distance of most attractions . every convenience was at this hotel from a television in the bathroom mirror to a phone near the toilet ( i didn ' t use either but think this would be appealing to most people ) . my only criticism was that the bed was too soft for me . pillow service was available , but i did not use it . morning gourmet tea and coffee were available near the elevators . the room had tea and a coffeemaker too . i also appreciated the kitchenette in the room to reheat leftovers from a restaurant or to microwave water for tea . a welcoming box of chocolates on the bed was a nice touch . i did not use the fitness center , but it was much more impressive than the palomar ' s , as was the large indoor poo , which i did use . there was a spa and lockeroom with a steamroom and sauna . at the recommendation of staff , i took the architectural boat tour of the historical society . i would have to say that the architectural boat tour of the architectural school , which i took last visit , was better . 
laurelin provided great personal service , which made my trip that much better in a city that i very much enjoy visiting for business and pleasure . 
i attempted to make reservations at this hotel for the nra show this may N and spoke with the reservations manager ( vanessa ) about a certain promo that the online system was not accepting , she took my name and number and said she would call me back . the next day , i didn ' t hear from her , so the following day after that i called and was connected to her voicemail to leave a message , i left the message to please call me . she still to this day ( N weeks later ) has not called me back . so , what does that tell me ? it tells me that she doesn ' t want to deal with me as a prosective customer . so , if i am not a very important customer when making a reservation , how am i going to be important when i spend N per night to stay at their hotel ? being a hospitality student myself , i believe this is not the way to treat your customers , by ignoring them . moving on to the " w " hotel . 
fairmont always does a great job and their chicago property is a prime example of that . the hotel is lovely , service first rate , rooms are lovely with a contemporary flair and the bathrooms are large . we stayed in a " pure " king room , and were upgraded to a higher floor with a lovely view of lake michigan and millennium park . the windows open , so if you are like me and crave the fresh air , you are in luck . the bed was extrememly comfortable and the room also had a desk with chair and a couch with a coffee table . very roomy , very nice . we had breakfast one morning in aria and while it was expensive , you expect that in a beautiful hotel . the service was outstanding . they offered a georgous buffet breakfast , very much like the ones you see in europe . we didn ' t opt for this , but i looked amazing . the location suited us fine . . . you could wak to shopping on michigan avenue or to the theatre district . everything was conveniently located . i would highly recommend this splendid hotel to friends . 
we stayed here for N days in early october , and as it was so cheap compared to other hotels we ' d seen we weren ' t expecting much , but it was in a good location , fairly quiet , and secure . it was clean and comfortable . the air conditioning unit was pre-historic so was a bit noisy when we were trying to sleep , and the windows weren ' t exactly big and bright , but in a city like this i think this would be pretty standard . of the five hotels on our trip ( the others all a lot more pricey ) this was the only one which had tea coffee making facilities in the room . there was no safe . the entrance hall smelt a bit musty , but the room was fine ! it is a very ' motel ' style and we chose a first floor rather than ground floor ( there are only N floors ) and i would recommend that for peace and quiet . it was smaller than it looks in the photos but that wasn ' t necessarily a bad thing . overall good value for money , and i would stay there again if i was on a budget . although i ' ve marked it as average it was good ( just not quite a very good ! ) . 
just returned from a two night stay at the hampton inn downtown . it was our first trip to chicago and we found this hotel to be in a great location . it was an easy walk to michigan avenue and also all the great restaurants in the river north area . our room was very clean and had an updated bathroom and the " new " hampton inn beds . i love the fact that they now wash all the bedding after each guest including the duvet cover . the breakfast area was very nice with plenty of seating . it seemed much larger than those in most hamptons . there was a small ( but nice ) indoor pool that our kids really enjoyed after long hot days of touring . at just over N per night , we felt this hotel was a great value considering its location in the heart of downtown . we would definitely stay here again . 
visited chicago for our honeymoon and stayed at the seneca for its location and good priced i recieved . this was our biggest regret of our trip . the hotel was very run-down ! our ' suite ' was basically a run-down used efficiency apartment . i would not recomment this hotel ! my husband and i also witnessed a male N week tenant at the lobby atm with a questionable woman . we rode the elevator to the same floor and witnessed that they did not know each other and she followed him into his room . we did not feel safe at all due to the old doors and locks and kept a chair under the doorknob each night . 
staff was nice , the bed was comfortable , the room was fine . the room was cozy . great bathroom . the problem for me is that the hotel seems to be trying just a bit too hard to evoke a high-energy and cool vibe , which to me was simply irritating . if you like continuous loud music , garish lobby decor , dizzying Nd imagery ( and loud music ) in the elevators , then this place is for you . also , internet in the room is not free , though it is free in the lobby . 
fabulous stay ! chief consierge peggi is awesome ! one call and she got to work . a very special birthday weekend with my N year old father was made even more special by peggi ' s touches . she arrange for adjoining rooms , made lunch reservations close by , a special dessert - on the house - was presented after our meal . hints on how and where to see the city from atop a skyscraper was very helpful , avoiding lines and standing . dinner reservations near the chicago symphony were made and again , another birthday dessert - happy Nth birthday ! arriving back in our room , we were surprised with a platter of chocolate brownies and fruit . wow ! my dad is still talking about the great trip and the great hotel -- " how did they know it was my birthday everywhere we went ? " the rooms were very comfortable , clean and quiet . many , many thanks again ! rod and nancy
hotel was clean , spacious , good location and good value for money . only criticism i would say is that it ' s right next to the fire department , therefore can be a little noisy at times , certainly not enough to stop me coming back . overall , very good . 
i stayed at the sofitel in downtown chicago may N-N , N , and they delivered a great product once again . our room was ready upon our arrival , the front desk personnel was very friendly and efficient . the lobby and outside dining complements the contemporary hotel , and the beautiful people were out in full force ! the room itself met all expectations -- comfortable bed , efficient layout , nice flat-panel tv , generous bathroom with separate tub shower . the pillows weren ' t all that comfortable ( only one style ) , and our view ( room N ) was a parking lot condo building -- these are the only negative things i can say about our stay . we did not eat at the restaurant , or use any other facilities . however , the hotel was perfect for our business trip . the hotel is well located just two blocks from michigan avenue , starbucks ( one block ) , urban outfitters , anthropologie , and many other great retail options nearby . the red line elevated train stops just two blocks from the hotel ( chicago avenue stop ) , so easy to get here from the airports . 
great service , accommodations , food and experience . . one of the best stays at any hotel we ' ve gone to . 
granted , i was there the thursday night before st patrick ' s day through the day after but still , with single-paned floor-to-celing , windows , i heard every whistle , horn beeping and voice . and the light blocking shades still let a fair amount of light in got a great group rate of N night or so , staff was friendly and attentive and the restaurant was really good , but i was there for a multi-day nonprofit board meeting and was thoroughly exhausted from not being able to sleep . 
i had mixed feelings about our stay after reading reviews on this site and tripadvisor , but this is what i came away with . . . though not the most amazing hotel in chicago , by far , the wyndham chicago was still a great stay for me and my wife . if you make under Nk a year and are just in chicago to enjoy yourself , and have some fun , it will probably be just fine . if you make over Nk a year or have a trust fund , drive something like an audi or a porsche , and are looking to show off to your family and friends , you might want to stay somewhere else . yes , there are some stains in the hallways , the wi-fi ( plus other additional add-ons after what you ' ve already paid ) is kind of a joke , there are some a few minor things that could use updating replacing , and they are still working with N ' tube televisions . but overall , we were more than happy with our stay . the price was not too bad , the room was clean , current updated , represented well by the pictures we saw online , ( what we saw was what we got ) the bed was very comfortable , the hotel was close to alot of the main commercial business , the view was nice , ( Nth floor ) and the staff , though not exactly singing and dancing for us , were perfectly fine , and not rude . i guess it just depends on what degree of spoil you want have when it comes to hotels and accommodations or what you are accustomed to . btw- at that height , the ambulance sirens ( due to a hospital across the street ) were still a little loud and obvious but were not a bother to us . its just seemed like part of life in the big city . no problems sleeping . enjoy ! 
my friend came out to visit for a spa weekend and my daughter recommended we try this hotel . the hotel was beautiful . the rooms were gorgeous and so so nice . it was worth taking cabs to michigan ave . to stay at such a wonderful place . the staff was so courteous and super friendly . the fellow who helped us get our cabs was so extremely nice . the food at the florentine was delicious . when i arrived home from the weekend , i realized i forgot my make-up in my room . i called the next morning and the person who worked in lost and found was very helpful . he said he would go across the street immediately and fed ex my makeup back to me . i got it the very next day . my husband and i are going downtown in december . we will definitely be spending the night at the jw marriott
we just got home from a long spring break week-end at the hyatt . i booked the room via priceline and got a pretty good rate . after reading some of the reviews on here , i was a little worried that we would dissapointed . however , we were not . the room was nice , clean and had a great view of the river and the navy pier . we stayed on the Nth floor of the west tower . the location great for catching the bus to get around , and you can walk to the shops on mich . ave . the staff was friendly . only complaint - no pool . 
let me start by saying my car while parked in their free parking was damaged ! ! they have yet to contact me back i have called and emailed them ! ! do not stay here ! ! the free parking is not worth it when your lights get busted out ! ! ! ! 
the location of this place is one of the best things about it , three blocks to mag mile , walking distance to restaurants and if you want something for in your room whole foods is around the corner . the room itself has fairly basic decor but with full length windows and a glass floor to ceiling shower . the ceiling does have this unfinished look that makes you wonder if its a decorating choice or if they ran out of sheet rock and plaster . be aware though since it is downtown the rooms can be kind of noisy at night and the window treatments do not block the noise . the beds are made of that memory foam stuff which personally i hate but it was ok for a N nite stay . don ' t understand the comments about the staff they seemed very helpful when i came in and when i saw them assisting others . remember your not buying the place its a short term rental for business or pleasure . . . the key is it is a good location and reasonably priced ! valet your car at about N which is average for downtown chicago . 
we recently stayed at the wyndham for a family vacation to chicago . the hotel is certainly geared for the business convention visitor with room service and resteraunt prices that were well outside our budget . having said that , the location is fantastic for exploring the magnificent mile . while the room was not particularly large for the four of us it was what i expected and was clean . there is a corner bakery straight across the road where we got our breakfast each day and gino ' s east pizza is only N blocks away ( deep dish heaven ! ! ) . the kids enjoyed the pool although it is quite small and i could imagine it filling up quickly in the summer . the staff were friendly and helpfu . overall a good stay but not a hotel particularly aimed at families . 
this is really a great place to stay . we have stayed here many different times and have always enjoyed our experience here . the staff is great . most times you have a view of a river even if you ' re not in a river view room . you a near state street shopping , near the " el " train , and there are many shops in the basement area that adjoins to hotel . . . nail salon , starbucks , kinko ' s just name a few . a highly recommend . . . . . . 
we always try to stay at la quinta inn suites . we find them to be very clean with the right price . the chicago downtown location was no exception , plus it was modern , accommodating , and located close to the trains and attractions we were interested in . i know we will stay at this hotel again ! 
pros modern decor location , location , location wonderful shower great free gym cons charge for wi-fi bathroom light too dim for makeup application
stayed here for a conference in chicago . pros great breakfast buffet . managers reception is very nice too . beds were comfortable . elevators are fast . cons housekeeping needs improvement . asked the lady if she would clean our room next . she said yes . so i left for a short while . when i came back our room was not done . so i found the lady once again just one room down from ours . i asked her if she would clean ours next which she replied yes she would . i left again for a few hours . when i came back our room was not cleaned . so i waited a few hours thinking she just got busy and forgot . at about Npm i went down to the front desk . i told them about housekeeping . they sent someone up to clean it . N minutes later the room was cleaned . make sure to check your receipt before you leave . we received someone elses receipt . along with a bill for internet charged to our cc . internet was included in our stay . had we not checked that they would have charged our cc . i wonder how many people do not check their receipts and get billed for things they thought were included in their stay . heard sirens all day long . 
overall a very pleasant stay . rooms are beautiful , well-designed and have a lot of thoughtful amenities . got a good deal during the holidays , and would definitely stay again . two things i don ' t understand though first - they have removed their minibars , leaving an unplugged fridge behind ? why ? no cold sodas for this guest unless i order them from room service or go to the bar i guess . a very strange choice for an upscale hotel . second - a couple of days before my arrival i tried to add some nights , and all three ended up on separate reservations . they couldn ' t or wouldn ' t combine them , so i had to re-check-in every afternoon . otherwise nice . 
we have stayed in a few embassy suite hotels - in washington dc , in monteray bay ca , and in new york . we ' re a family of five , with three young boys . so finding a room for five is never easy , and the esh chain are always accommodating . this one , whilst presentationally impressive , has a few flaws that made this less good than the others , in my humble opinion . the good things - big room , smart decoration throughout hotel , and good room facilities ( microwave and fridge ) - friendly and helpful staff - good value for money - we paid about N for two nights ' stay the less good things - really thin walls - we were unlucky that we had a noisy family next door . but even when their kids weren ' t shouting , you could hear everything . i think this is a pretty dire problem , especially if you sleep lightly . everytime their room door shut , our room shook ! - breakfast was a bit disappointing - no fruit salad on the first morning ( just oranges and bananas in a bowl ) , and a selection that generally compared badly with other eshs we have stayed at . - no mugs at breakfast or in the room . everything was polystyrine cups , which is not how i want my coffee in the morning - unless i am on a building site . and a lot of the cutlery was disposable plastic too . not very environmentally friendly . but also generally just not very nice . - huge qs for the complimentary evening drinks - it took a good ten minutes to get a ( small ) drink from the bar . which made the whole managers reception thing a bit of a drag . we didn ' t bother the second evening ( when the qs were just as bad ) . they really do need more bar staff for the rush hour . i felt a bit cheated . the verdict if you need a room for N , this isn ' t a bad option at all . but if your personal circumstances mean you don ' t , i ' d recommend looking elsewhere . i think you can get better , especially in the winter . 
fantastic entry-way lounge , but unfortunately , that is the best part of the hotel . checked in and was told i was being upgraded ( and paid for it ) . room was just as small as others , with a bonus of a mildew smell in the carpet . i could have changed rooms if i wanted to pay more . . . . . ? you read that right . not what i would expect from a hilton . 
we stayed one night with N of our grandchildren . our plans included the aquarium and this is a wonderful hotel for access to the museum campus and grant park . we took the south shore train from michigan city and it was an easy walk from the Nth st . roosevelt rd . stop . we arrived early and our room was ready so we got to drop our bags and begin our adventure . when we returned to the hotel , our boys ( aged almost N to N ) enjoyed the swimming pool and the outdoor deck on the Nth floor . we were close to the bus stop and also the cta so it was a breeze to get to navy pier , sears ( willis ) tower , the restaurants we wanted to go to and also a short walk to millenneum park . we needed more towels for the N of us and within minutes of calling the front desk they were delivered . we had a room on the Nth floor with a view of the museum campus , bears stadium , and lake michigan . there was a mini fridge and a coffeemaker in the beautifully decorated room . the beds were super comfy . it was our Nrd time staying at this hotel and we would go back in a minute . 
i stayed at the seneca for four nights this week . i thought the location and the value for money were excellent . the front of house staff were very friendly and helpful and i felt safe and welcomed there . the rooms were clean and well equipped . the hotel is right next door to the john hancock tower , and only two blocks away from the ' miracle mile ' shopping district . there isn ' t a subway station nearby , but there are many buses that go up n michigan ave , and taxis in the downtown area were very cheap . breakfast isn ' t included , but there is a nice cafe in the ' arcade ' level of the hotel . my room also had a little kitchenette and i bought some groceries from potash bros grocery store nearby for my breakfasts . there wasn ' t any public internet access but the receptionist directed me to a nearby kinkos ( or you could try your luck at the apple store on n michigan avenue ! ) . one suggestion i would make if you like to sleep in after daybreak is to bring an eye mask . my room only had very light louvre blinds and so i was woken at Nam every morning by the sun ! 
flight to chicago was cancelled but still charged for full night room . decided to stay next night and was not offered any kind of upgrade or apology or reason to come back . fees for fitness center and inattentive to room issues
this was our first time in chicago and wanted to stay in a central hotel . we were not disappointed . the hotel is right in the centre of everything , only a few feet away from the magnificent mile shopping district , many tourist attractions and loads of bars and restaurants . the room was so spacious , clean and had everything we needed . would definitely stay here again on our next trip to chicago . 
Nth stay at the james . quick weekend getaway . this time we upgraded to a suite , the weather was rainy and planned to spend more time in the room . always helpful service from the desk and concierge . flat screen tvs in both large rooms , well supplied bar with glasses and tools . trader joes across the street to acquire happy hour supplies . the bathrooms in the regular rooms are small , so we appreciated the huge bathroom and large shower in the suite . location on ontario is convenient to everything downtown . we always stay here or the sofitel . sofitel is nicer ( and larger ) , but prices are often better at the james . j bar not quite as popular as it was in the past but still ok . 
first of all , although they confirmed adjoining suites , when we checked in , they didn ' t adjoin . the desk clerk couldn ' t seem to understand what we were saying . but , eventually , she straightened it out . and the concierge sent us to an excellent restaurant -- but he gave us the wrong directions , causing us to get lost for a half hour or so . but , these were the only problems . the omni is excellent in all respects . we had nice suites on the Nst floor looking north on the mag mile . outside of the two minor glitches above , it ' s a great place to stay and i ' d do it again . 
as i start all reviews , please take a look and see how many hotels i ' ve reviewed , i ' m not a jaded one time traveler . i travel often and feel i have a good base to write a good overall review . i ' d also like to say i love fairmont hotels , i ' ve stayed in several and do prefer them to other N star properties ( usually ) before my stay i checked the ta reviews as i often do and was surprised by the amount of negative reviews . but i do take negative reviews with a grain of salt of the person writing the review has only written one review . this stay at fairmont chicago was surprising to say the very least . upon arrival the valet was very prompt taking our luggage and parking our car . the lobby is really outstanding , it ' s very new and modern . the service was lacking , usually if you are a presidents club - premier you ' re really rolled out the red carpet . this did not happen , honestly the man checking us in didn ' t even acknowledge it . at no point did he ask of we would like to upgrade to gold or if we wanted any reservations for dinner or the spa . the elevators are quick ( which i love ) we booked a " parkview suite " on the Nth floor . the room was huge ( living , dining , separate bedroom and large bath ) as stated in other reviews the rooms are missing something . i don ' t know if it was because it was a suite but the room had a cold empty feel . the room did have the usual great bedding and comfortable bed in room coffee full mini bar . it appears that when the last renovation took place it was done quickly and no attention to detail . the paint was chipping in several areas , the bathroom door was out and out dirty the sprinkler head in the bathroom was falling out of the ceiling the pocket door for the water closet did not close . the bath did have an updated sink , mirror , tile and shower which were very nice and on par with other fairmonts . another huge disappointment was the lack of plugs and odd places for the light switches . in the bedroom there were two useable plugs and they were across the room one behind a heavy bench the other under the window so if you wanted to charge your phone by the bed you couldn ' t . our room was right next to the elevators and unlike other reviews we had no issue , it just sounded like the wind blowing ( and they don ' t have a bell that dings ) as a presidents club member their workout gear is usually waiting in the room again that was not the case , turndown service was sporadic of the N nights only turned down twice . ( i can close my own drapes but if you ' re going to do it be consistent ) during the times we were turned down we received bottled water and a piece of paper with the next days forecast ( at other locations these are nicely printed , here is was a very old copy of a copy with the info hand written ) my biggest point of frustration was we decided to add a day to our stay . this in my opinion should not be complicated , yet the front desk seemed as if it was the biggest request ever made . first we were told sure that wouldn ' t be a problem , then received a call that our current suite was booked and would have to move to a standard room we said fine , then we were told we could stay in the room and then another call to see if we were checking out and then received a voicemail stating we wouldn ' t have to change rooms . to me it appears as if the right hand isnt speaking to the left . on top of all that once we returned to the hotel at Npm we reached our room on the Nth floor to find our keys didn ' t work . we then got to stand in a line for N minutes so we could get our keys re-activated . at all the other fairmonts i ' ve stayed i like to view our guest folio via the tv . this location does not offer the option . the concierge was great , was able to give great transportation tips and suggest good restaurants . ( shaws crab house , gaylord indian ) the hotel restarant for dinner was outstanding , the food , service and even the decor excellent . it is really top notch and again on par with other fairmonts . sadly the breakfast was a total joke . im sorry but N bucks for N eggs is a joke . they may claim that the pricing is comparable with other hotels but i still think to price gouge your customers who just paid for hotel room with you is not right . we do have some great tips , the hotel does not make you aware but they are connected with the chicago pedway system . you can walk from the hotel all the way to macys state street ( aka marshall fields ) without setting foot outside . it is a little confusing and poorly marked but sooooo convenient with the harsh chicago winters . after seeing the breakfast prices at the hotel we were able to take the pedway to " wildberry " the breakfast is truly excellent ( ate there all N days ) , everything is fresh and the prices are in line with what they should be . as stated the pedway came in handy , you can also take it to the train station and a mall on state street . granted if you look at a map they are only a block or two from michigan ave , but to get to the good shopping you must take a taxi or bus . you can walk to state street for shopping but mich ave is far better . overall would i recommend this hotel ? no . this is a nice hotel but does not live up to fairmont high standards i ' ve received at the other properties . i would have felt very cheated and most likely addressed these issues with the manager if i ' d paid full price but they offered a good winter deal . . for the price i ' d as you can read in my other reviews recommend the four seasons or ritz if for a N star i ' d go with the intercontinental . those are are very central and very high quality . if you have a chance to ever stay with fairmont from my past travels i ' d recommend them N ( except this one ) happy travels ! cheers ! 
stayed here for a week while attending a conference . as a first timer to chicago , the hotel ' s location couldn ' t be faulted , opening up straight on to michigan avenue . and location is really the selling point here , as otherwise , this was a distinctly average hotel . the internet access was expensive , the beds were a bit soft , the bathroom was small , and i just don ' t really think the hotel offered an awful lot to justify its cost . i should make it clear that there was nothing intrinsically bad about the hotel , or my stay . the staff were helpful , and the room was always kept cleaned . but the room was a touch dark , and the whole place was just , average , which when you ' re looking at N a night isn ' t really good enough . chicago is an amazing city though ! 
we loved our brief stay in the fairfield inn in downtown chicago . from our call to book the room , where we met jennifer , who was most helpful and super-groovy , to the friendly doorman who advised us well about nearby restaurants , to the valet parking guy , the staff seems to have gotten it just right . firing on all cylinders as an accommodations team . we will definitely be back . a nice combination of reasonable price and friendly service - and location , location , location . 
got a fantastic deal on our stay here so want to honor that fact while pointing out some disappointments . most noteworthy . . . size - this place is a monster . we ' re smart people and had some problems navigating the hotel . for instance , getting to the health club is no small feat ( and it ' s not well located ) . service - we didn ' t have the easiest stay imaginable . arrived super late , had to change rooms mid-way though , etc . through all of this , the service we received was quite good . at times , the lines at the front desk were brutal , but staff members seemed to stay very positive . room - well updated within the past few years , but the rooms feel a bit cramped and dark . also , they felt a bit grimy . this is what happens when you update an old ( but not old enough to be charming ! ) building - it never really feels polished . 
bad management . . . . i am not talking about the house maids they service was good but the high level management are mean . . . . they try to charge for everything . . . 
we go to chi-town every thanksgiving so we have stayed at several downtown hotels . the sheraton mag mile N points was a nice hotel and i would recommend . great location , a block off mag mile and close to bunches of restaurants . room was well appointed and had microwave and frig which always comes in handy . beds were fine , but i didn ' t notice anything " special " about them . staff was courteous and always looked up and said hello . i had prepaid reservations well in advance and had asked for a room w a street view . . . but didn ' t get one . that would be my only complaint w the hotel -- it is only N floors and where it is located there would be few rooms w a view . 
we chose this hotel for the location and the hot breakfast . it did not disappoint us . the breakfast had eggs , sausage or bacon with all the usual carbs ! it was great not having to search for places to eat in the morning when we had such a short time to explore chicago . we had a king bed on our reservation but there weren ' t any available but got a queen . it was a good thing as the room was extremely small but very compact . it was fine for our N night stay but anything else would have been a challenge . all of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful with whatever we needed . later in the month we stayed at the holiday inn express o ' hare and had the same good experience with the breakfast and the staff . the room was bigger due to the size and age of the hotel . we will use the holiday inn express again on our next adventure . 
my daughter and i have stayed here N years in a row , on our annual trek to chicago . for starters , the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful--this year a focus of our trip was american girl for my daughter ' s birthday , and they arranged for doll beds for her two dolls ( at no extra charge ) . the hotel itself is lovely the rooms are large , everything is new clean , the extras are great ( a microwave and a usable fridge--not an overpriced snack machine--in every room ) , and the location is stellar . we love chicago anyway , but staying at this four points right off the mag mile is just perfection . we will always stay at this four points when visiting chicago ! 
the tip is . . . . . . there are no tips accepted . this is the first hotel that offers incredible service and does not accept tips . the conceirge and the entire staff takes great pride in meeting all of your needs during your stay . we really enjoyed our stay , and will be booking another trip room soon . 
this hotel is very interesting . it occupies the top floor of an office building . as a result of this , the check-in , parking , finding , going up ( and up then up again ) , etc procedure are a little clumsy . all that clumsiness ( which considering they only have N rooms is managed expertly ) was worth it once we got into our room ! the room , a standard room , is spacious and had a fabulous view . we had a north view with willis tower on the right and the lake on the left , and at N floors up , it ' s impressive . the room was also very quiet . with only N rooms at the property , even at capacity , this place would not be noisy . our stay was a saturday , so i would imagine that considering this hotel is located in an office building near the chicago board of trade , it might be a little noisy during the week , but i can ' t comment on that . the bathroom was spacious with a deep tub and separate toilet room . the " hall " of the room had a wet bar but no fridge or microwave . opposite the wet bar was another counter with the coffee maker ( pretty good coffee ) and some counter space we used to hold a cooler . the bed was comfortable , and while the el is below you , you only barely hear it if you really try ( remember how high up you are ) . the " athletic " club is an executive club located on the Nrd floor of the building , was only open till N on saturday and was closed on sunday . we were able to get some use out of it , and it was very nice . would have been very disappointed if it had been closed the entire time were there ( i . e . if we had checked in after N and only then maybe had sunday - club claims seasonal hours on sundays ) . the travel procedure to the club is similar to the parking , involving three elevators . i don ' t think the club and its amenities are well designed for kids , as we don ' t have any , but you may want to call and find if kid friendly . the parking garage ( oh yeah , they say it ' s N day - we only paid N - not well marked with accurate pricing ) isn ' t well marked where you need to go , but once parked had to buzz a security guard to open a door , then cross another basement , then up the first elevator to the lobby . deal with the nice and helpful security guards in the lobby , then the lobby desk to the hotel . once checked in , took a second elevator to the Nth floor , transfer to the hotel elevator to go up one floor , then finally there . the lounge is nice and equipped with an office computer and a southern view . the ice machine really needs to be higher powered as it barely kept up . the continental breakfast was good and sufficient , no complaints . the wireless internet ( free ) seemed sufficient and fast enough for what we used of it . we peeked into the restaurant ( smelled fantastic ) and it seemed very upscale ( we were concerned with dress code ) . looked at a menu , and it was a little out of our price range for the evening - they provide " course " meals starting at N person , but the selection looked great and the guards in the lobby were chatting it up between themselves . overall , the view and seclusion of this hotel give you a nice homely feel , and it quickly became our " place in the city " when we come visit . 
i enjoyed my stay very much . the hotel was lovely , i had a view of the beautiful city right out my window . customer service is top of the line ! loved it . wanted to bring home my bed it was so comfy ! 
just back from a N night stay at the omni hotel with my husband and daughter ( in her N ' s ) . from the moment we arrived to when we departed we thanked our lucky stars that we had booked this hotel . from the front door staff through to housekeeping we have never encountered such pleasant , friendly , helpful and courteous staff . omni management - you should be very proud of all your staff - but in particular jacob . he went out of his way to be helpful to us and always with a genuine welcome and smile . we were met at reception by a lovely lady with a great smile ( and a fabulous swarovski ring my daughter went la la about ! ! ) and check in was quick and efficient . our bags were brought up to our room quickly . the location of the omni is perfect as you just walk around the corner and you are on michegan ave - opposite the apple store and a short walk north to the john hancock building and N mall and south to shops at north bridge , wrigley building and water taxis . navy pier is approx N-Nmins walk and well worth the walk - its a fantastic place to spend the afternoon and our bonus was the air show was on that weekend - fabulous . we also took in the blue man group show , tickets to which the concierge at the omni arranged for us . concierge service there is second to none and will do bookings or check timetables - any info you want they will get for you . we loved our room on the Nth floor - a corner suite which looked out on huron st . king size bed in our room and so very comfortable . our room was spotless as was the entire hotel and housekeeping came everyday with fresh towels . we loved the turndown service each evening - so welcoming to come back to after a long day sightseeing or shopping . we joined the select guest service and got free newspaper and selection of N drinks per guest each morning delivered to the room . nice pool and gym although pool is a little on the small side . we did not eat at the hotel as there are so many great places to eat within walking distance - eggsperience on N w ontario is not to be missed especially for breakfast - wow you will not need to eat for the rest of the day . it is reasonably priced and staff are extremely pleasant and friendly . also the rose bud italian on north rush st where the food is top class and service excellent and prices good . we loved everything about chicago and cant wait to go back - the shopping and sightseeing were brilliant but the omni hotel was best of all N and will our first choice when we hit chicago again - hopefully that will be real soon ! ! ! ! i highly recommend this hotel - like us you wont be sorry . thank you omni - take a bow . 
we visited chicago in october N when we were in town for the chicago marathon . i believe we booked our room via discount internet outlet , but cannot be sure of which one , so i hesitate to name it here . this particular w hotel ' s location ( chicago city center ) could not have been more fantastic for pur purpose-- we were within a few blocks of the start finish line . but it was also a fabulous location for simply exploring the city-- we were easily able to walk a few blocks to the train , to local shopping ( the historic marshall field ' s , now a macy ' s ) , and to michigan avenue , with the gorgeous parks and best public art in the world ! the sears tower was minutes away in the opposite direction . our room was absolutely tiny , but very cute and comfortable . the service at the hotel was amazing , as to be expected , and the concierge was nice enough to recommend and book a massuer for my bfriend after the marathon ) if i ever have unlimited funds , i will definitely look into staying at the w again ! 
i love this little hotel . teh people are very friendly and helpful . the price is reasonable . i stay here whenever i am in chicago . 
i was very , very impressed with this hotel . we booked using a voucher we had purchased at a silent auction . as such , i thought they would probably put us on a low floor in a small room . instead , we stayed in room N , which i think has to be one of the best rooms . it is on the corner of the hotel facing downtown . the bathroom was huge and had a wall of windows ( i guess this could be an inconvenience to some ) . there was a terrace right out of our window covered with snow . even though you couldn ' t go out on it , it was very pretty . the bed was very comfortable . the concierge was great -they arranged dinner reservations for us at several different places and also for some massages at a place just around the corner . this was one of the nicest places i have ever stayed at and i will definitely be back 
we would definitely stay there the next time we go to chicago ! ! ! yes , it ' s old , and outdated inside , but it is clean , and the rooms are spacious . the location is walking distance to everything ! ! ! ! we went for the weekend to see the " jersey boys " and could even walk to the theatre . we walked to the mag . mile , the loop , all over . . . and the parking is free , your car is right there , if you need something from your car , you don ' t need to find it in a parking garage . only negative we had , it is noisy at night , you hear everything going on outside , but the bed was comfortable , and we did get enough sleep . will stay there again . the hotel across the street was double the price . try it , it ' s worth it , if you plan on seeing chicago , and just want to sleep and shower ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
if you want convenience to michigan avenue and a great cost , this is the hotel for you . the desk staff was always friendly . they upgraded us to a larger room for free . the standard rooms are small ! but if you are on michigan avenue , you should be out in the stores and restaurants not your room ! overall great stay . 
after reviewing this hotel on trip advisor we called the hotel to reserve a room . the staff at this hotel is one of the best we have had the pleasure of dealing with in our many years of travel . at check in they gave us tips on what to see , where to eat based on there personal experience and how to get there . the " l " orange line station is only N blocks away and they shuttled us there and back many times during our N day stay . you can get to almost anywhere from the light rail combined with a short taxi ride if neccesary . they also shuttled us to midway airport when it was time to leave . the room was clean and comfortable and although we were told the airport noise might bother us we really didn ' t notice . they have a small but sufficient continental breakfast complete with sausage and egg bagels from dunkin donuts . this is not a N star downtown resort but the staff here goes the extra mile to make there guests feel welcome and provides the best service anyone could ask for . thanks to them our stay in chicago was all we could have asked for . we highly recomend this hotel to anyone who does not want to stay in downtown at a N to N hundred dollar a night hotel . 
my fiance and i stayed here for N nights this past week . we both agree that we would stay here again when in chicago . the rooms are very clean , the bed is comfortable , there is a very cool radio with ipod deck , and the shower heads are really neat ( there are dual heads that you can adjust ) . the one thing that makes it not excellent is that the hotel was a bit weird . it didn ' t feel like a luxury hotel , it felt like almost like an apartment office building . otherwise , it was great . the business center is N hours with a free printer and the fitness center was also N hours . i didn ' t make it to the reception but my fiance did and though it was very nice with beverages , cheeses , meats and crackers . the breakfast was so-so ( there is a toaster in the Nth floor lounge to toast your bagel ) but not bad . it was nice that it was on the floor so you didn ' t have to go very far . the location can ' t be beat , it ' s around everything . we walked to a mano , which was literally down the block and to the left on n dearborn and that was a nice , romantic experience . we also got a really good deal on the hotel website for about N per night ( not including taxes ) . 
we stayed for a wedding in the southside and the hotel was in a perfect location . it kind of appears out of nowhere and we walked through chinatown to find it the first time . but , there is a bus stop right outside the hotel that does straight to state street and michigan ave for all of the touristy stuff . and the bus ran all night which is a plus , since not all of the lines do . the concierge was very helpful , but very busy that weekend and service could be slow at times . we had no complaints about the room except that it didn ' t come with a coffee pot . the snack shop in the hotel had excellent food though the service again was slow . there ' s a spa salon , a computer room , a bar restaurant , etc all in the hotel . not much of a view but it was definitely a great deal . 
the decor in the hotel is beautiful . the room is small yet functional and includes a mounted flat screen television . the bathroom is large and well-lit with a " rain " shower head . i received plenty of towels and the amenities were well stocked . on another note , the front desk employees were very sterile and not very cordial ( almost dismissive ) . they didn ' t make me feel comfortable when i entered the hotel or when i asked questions about my bill . this hotel would receive a higher rating ( at least a N ) if the hotel front stafff were more cordial ( at least smile and be attentive ) . 
firstly , let me clarify the hotel is in a nice location ( nearby shopping , restaurants , entertainment , etc . ) , but service is not consistent guests are nickel and dimed throughout their stay . i stayed here because i was attending a business meeting over several days . the lobby is large and dark ( not especially welcoming . ) there were Ns of us staying at the hotel , but the nightly rate was certainly not a bargain . the room i received looked out at another tall building so , as a result , even though the sun was shining , it always looked dark out the window . the room was ' ok " nice size , closet with safe , both an upholstered chair and a lounge chair . desk chair , dresser , nightstands , and a bar . bathroom was lovely ! nice marble floor , well lit , excellent shower ( N heads , good water pressure ) , quality products . the tv needs to be either lifted ( on top of the dresser ) or hung on the wall since it is in front of the bed and not easy to watch from the bed . water bottle in room is exorbitant ( one could pick up a case of water around the corner from the hotel for less ) internet in room is also pricey ( N daily . ) at N a night for the room , internet should be provided ! when i left the tip for the housekeeper daily , i asked her to leave a shower cap another bar of soap . got the soap but no cap . ( called guest services one was delivered . ) since i forgot something , i ordered item online had it delivered to the hotel . when i went to the front desk to pick up , i was shocked to see that the hotel charged me N . really ? ! by the way , i am a ' preferred guest ' . i did receive one benefit as such a late check out since my flight was scheduled for late afternoon . overall , i didn ' t think that the staff was service-oriented , but there were a couple of staff i found to be exceptional . kwasi a . , one of the attendants in the executive club , was the perfect host courteous , pleasant , knowledgeable , friendly , accommodating . also , sandra , the person i only spoke with on the phone several times , was efficient and friendly . it was always a pleasure to speak with her when i had to call to arrange for a wake-up call , etc . if i return to chicago , i probably would select another hotel ( since there are so many to choose from ) unless i found a much better nightly rate here . this hotel wasn ' t bad overall , it just was not exceptional or any better than good . 
for the price this hotel is great . location is excellent for down town and lake . rooms are nice size and clean and updated . all the staff are very helpful . free breakfast and valet parking . parking is N . 
stayed that omni in downtown chicago this weekend for the first time . they had a N discount for a weekend package . the deluxe room was very nice . it was a small suite configuration with a separate bedroom area . the rooms were in good repair and well kept . the service was excellent from the moment i arrive until i left . the porter greeted me at the door , had my bags delivered to the room , the check in was a breeze and the bags were in the room before i got there . the staff were quite friendly and helpful , and everyon actually seemed glad to have me there as a guest . one of the most welcoming places i ' ve stayed in a long time . one note - ask for a room on an upper floor . i was on Nth floor and the traffic noise was noticable with the windows closed until about N Npm . 
our room was small with a queen bed and tiny pillows that looked liked square cushions . the closet was a little space cut out of the wall with a curtain and almost no space to hang a suit and party dress . what bothered us most was lack of storage space . a part from that , the hotel is well located with easy access to michigan av . 
this hotel lives up to its billing . it has a friendly staff , clean rooms , good complimentary breakfast , and a handy manager ' s reception nightly . the facility is well maintained , well appointed and almost feels like a luxury hotel . the " suite " layout is ideal for a family vacation , especially with children who still need naps or go to sleep at night early , because the bedroom and living room are separate . the location is fair , depending on your itinerary . yes , navy pier is three blocks away and the magnificent mile is two blocks away however , the red line of the l-train is N blocks away ( closest station ) . there is a free trolley running on illinois st and grand ave . at least on the weekend between navy pier and the grand state station embassy suites is directly between these . the cost is fair , as well . it would be nicer for hotel guests to pay less for parking , but i ' m sure they charge what the market will bear . the actual room rate is competitive , if not slightly superior to other hotels in the area . dominick ' s supermarket is directly across columbus ave if you need supplies , but you should also consider fox obel ( one block toward navy pier on illinois st ) if you like a more up-market selection . they also have reasonably priced brown box meals to go , which are a nice contrast to the typical deep dish or deep fried vacation food . 
huge hotel who got it right as far as service and ambiance . stayed in west tower , quiet , great lake michigan view from Nth for fireworks , interesting storm clouds and navy pier . corner bakery nearby for reasonable priced breakfasts . facebook ' secret word " gets u a free day of wi fi . thanks for complimentary toffee for booking thru trip advisor . 
i recently visited chicago and the hard rock was close to my meeting the next day so i decided to give it a try . the building is very interesting , old architecture , with lots of rock material . each floor is themed to a different group . the room was very modern and clean but the insulation is lacking as i found out later . i didn ' t notice it at first but the later it became the noise from the lounge was getting louder and louder . i woke up to loud drumming and a pounding bass and thought that i was going to be carted off to a big pot of boiling water . finally about N N i was just about ready to pack up my room and call downstairs and tell them to get me a room on a higher floor when things began to calm down a bit . if you do decide to stay i would recommend a floor much higher , N or above . 
this hotel is awful- we had to stay here because the essex where the rest of our staff was staying was sold out by the time we booked our rooms . the room doors feel like prison doors and the hotel overall was dirty and a little scary . one morning the power went off for almost hour and the staff acted like they couldve cared less at the inconvenience this caused us trying to get ready and out the door for a work convention we were attending . over all we were incredibly dissatisfied and will not be staying here again . 
i had a reservation booked at the residence inn on dearborn . as i was browsing online , i saw a link to the wit . i was hooked once i visited their website ! i ' m attracted to new hotels with a cool vibe . . . . not to mentioned designed well . the wit fits the bill ! we found a special online so we snagged a pretty good rate . the overall service was great throughout our stay . the front desk staff was able to offer us an early check in ( by N hrs ) . plus they offered us warm cookies upon arrival . during my last night i noticed that my shampoo conditioner weren ' t restocked . i called housekeeping and N minutes later they delivered me a basket loaded with goodies . . . . . deodorant , lotion , hair products , sewing kit , etc . totally exceeded my expectations . we also got a chance to check out the roof . i ' ve heard a lot of good things . apparently it gets pretty hoppin in the summertime ! the views , layout and vibe were fabulous . drinks prices were what you ' d expect for a hotel bar ( albeit much less than crazy ny prices ) . having lived in chicago for a while , the roof is a much needed sleek downtown bar with great cocktails . it takes it up a notch without being pretentious . if i still worked down the block , i would totally go there for an afterwork cocktail . the other great thing was the yoga room in the gym ! i was actually in town for a fitness event , so it was a given that i ' d have a mini practice at some point . the room had a bunch of mats , a few props , light switch dimmer , good mirrors and a wall jack for your ipod . again . . . just taking it to the next level . state lake is a great downtown location . it ' s near all of the trains , plus a ton of buses . also , state st . is becoming more a shopping destination so the wit is really well positioned . argo tea , one of my fav coffee tea shops , is nearby along with a bunch of other places to go grab a quick bite . and finally , the rooms were very spacious and comfortable . the cable service rocked . . . . not to mention the radio docking station . it seems like they all offer a good view . they really make it easy for you to enjoy your time in the room . 
indigo is a great change from the typical hotel ! my husband travels alot for business so i was looking for something different for our trip to chicago . our room was very cozy - we loved it . it was very clean and decor makes you smile . gold coast area is quiet farmers market was fun . walking distance to everything for us . staff was friendly and very helpful . it will be the only place we stay when we visit chicago again . 
love this hotel and they even upgraded us to a N room suite this visit . it is my favorite hotel in the city . i always look forward to being pampered and sleeping in their outstanding beds . 
beautiful surroundings is not all a hotel needs to be a good hotel . housekeeping was bad ( N-night stay ) . little things about our stay causes me not to recommend this hotel if you want an all round good stay . from bad bar service to bad housekeeping to food not in par with price this hilton is not our favorite . although one good thing is they had plenty of elevators so you never had to wait long for one . 
this hotel was excellent in most ways - i really liked the bottled water dispensers and the comfortable beds . the only downside was that N was deducted from our credit card and although it was supposed to have been reversed when we checked out has still not appeared back on our account N days later . 
great location on state street in heart of downtown , within walking distance of the loop and the magnificent mile . free breakfast with made to order omelets , free drinks and snacks each nite . spacious rooms . very friendly and helpful staff . 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker over memorial day weekend . i got this hotel through bidding on priceline resulting in more than N savings off the regular rate . like the intercontinental , the knickerbocker is an old hotel that combines historical charm with modern luxuries . pros free wireless internet in lobby , with grand piano performance close to michigan avenue great location for downtown recently renovated rooms cons rooms may be small and would feel cramped for families small elevators - can fill up fast if you have luggage
just got back from a N night stay at the westin chicago river north . booked through expedia and was not at all disappointed . location is ' top-drawer ' , staff were very friendly . room was really nice and cleaned up very well daily . i did not eat on-site so cannot comment on that but there is a lot within very close walking distance as to anything you want to do in chicago . lawry ' s prime rib-awesome , architectural boat tour-awesome , sears willis tower-awesome ( get the fast pass ahead of time ) . overall , very happy with the wcrn , did not have a river-view which was disappointing but just meant to actually get out and enjoy everything chicago has to offer in person . as a note , if you like a little attitude , go to dick ' s last resort across the street , the staff there are rude and they do it on purpose so if you like a little rudeness attitude , that is the place for you , i went , great view of the river , great drinks and you can give it back to them and it only feeds the fire more . . . . . all in good fun so take note of that . . . . . enjoy . . . . 
this was our first visit to chicago , so i did a lot of researching on hotel options and where specifically to stay . we couldn ' t be happier with hour choice homewood suites . we were certainly impressed with how friendly and helpful the staff was . we appreciated the numerous amenities . . . everything from the wonderful breakfast buffet in the morning , to a nice gym ( no fee ) , to coin-op laundry , and a full-functioning kitchen . the view from our room was of the wrigley building , the trump tower and more . a wonderful variety of restaurants were within walking distance . we were very comfortable and had a wonderful first experience in awesome chicago . 
this hotel just off of michigan avenue met our needs perfectly . wife shopped ' til she dropped while son and i went to see the bears play the lions . staff was very friendly and attentive and the room was immaculate . 
my husband and i decided ( last-minute ) to book this stay for new years eve . we had dinner reservations right around the corner ( at ruth ' s chris ) and it was the perfect location ! the palomar is beautiful ! the lobby was contemporary and decorated beautifully . the staff that checked us in was remarkably friendly and courteous . our room was ready immediately , which on a busy day like nye we were happy about the room and bathroom were super clean ! they have a list of free amenities if you ' ve forgotten something or if you ' re in need of something to make your stay more enjoyable ( for example a humidifier , curling iron , flat iron , etc . ) that ' s awesome ! we were informed that upon returning to the hotel , we would need to provide our name and id for security reasons , which i liked ! great job keeping the hotel from becoming a free-for-all . the hotel was quiet and we had no problems at all ! i ' d absolutely stay here again ! 
the hotel is a hip place if that ' s what you ' re looking for , i liked the location directly across from the navy pier and right in the heart of streeterville not far from the downtown loop area . i was a little freakout at first of the shutters on the bathroom but it wasn ' t a problem . staff was very helpful . 
we stayed at the marriott chicago downtown magnificent mile while in chicago on a business trip . the staff was wonderfully friendly and helpful , and the hotel is centrally located step outside the doors and you ' re right on chicago ' s magnificent mile . our room was tastefully done and comfortable and had all the business amenities one might need . the staff was helpful and quick to respond . i would highly recommend this hotel to others . 
we recently had the pleasure of staying at this hotel . the front desk staff , especially rachel was very helpful from where to go and eat to what to see . our room was even better ! it was clean , the gym was nice and we had an incredible view of the chicago river and skyline . the hotel is just a ten minute walk to michigan avenue and the old marshall fields and " l " station are a short walk away if you want to take the train to o ' hare . thanks renaissance for a pleasant stay . 
we booked this online several months before our trip and got a great rate . catering to business you seem to get a better deal on the weekends at any club quarters . this one is the perfect location on wacker and N block from michigan ave . the hotel is very nice . we had an easy checkin and were even offered an upgrade to a studio room with lake view for N more a night . we took it . they gave us a room on the Nnd floor , which was nice for the fact that it was the only floor you could walk to and not have to wait for the elevator . the room was nice and roomy . it came with a queen bed , couch bed desk , N flat screen tv , mini refrigerator and microwave . the bathroom was a good size , especially the shower . nicely done in tile with a removeable shower head . the view on the otherhand was not of the river . while we were facing the river , we were too low to actually see it since it dips down below street level . we decide to keep it the room as the view of the rest of the city was a good one . on the Nnd floor they have free coffee and purified water all day . couches and a tv to hang out by and N computers free of charge to surf the net and print out your airline tickets . the first floor had an italian restaurant attached to it with a very nice patio , but didnt partake . there are many other less expensive restaurants close by . the only downside of our stay was the Nnd floor room had a huge flag outside of the window , this did not impede our view but whenever the wind blew it banged the metal clasps against the metal pole and kept us up all night ! we complained but they said they couldnt do anything with the flag . they did give us a future free night at any club quarters though . so , in summary , great location and value , but stay on a high floor to see the river and avoid the flag banging . 
this was a last minute stay over the weekend after a party . the room was decent , seemed to be a smoking room which was stuffy . bathroom tub was somewhat dirty and water pressure is very low . i would stay again as a last minute hotel but if i had time to reserve beforehand i ' d pass on this one . 
we had a fabulous stay at the amalfi hotel . the location is great ( harry careys , house of blues within a block ) the hotel staff were extremely helpful and very nice . the rooms were beautifully decorated and the shower ( two heads ) was very refreshing . large rooms , nightly cocktail hour , complimentary breakfast , and a unheard of onlite rate , made my trip to chicago one that i will never forget . 
i was somewhat nervous about this stay . i won a bid of N dollars on priceline and immediately began my do my review search . the reviews were all over and i have learned to take it lightly when there is a bad review of a hotel . as was the case with the hyatt ! i do not know what some people expect but this was defiantly a N star hotel . the bed was amazing , extremely comfortable with alot of fluffy pillows ! the room and bathroom were very clean . i would recommend this hotel to anyone ! the location was great as walking to the magnificent mile or navy pier was very easy and close . the staff at the hotel were very pleasant and nice . the hotel itself is beautiful and very large . please do not hesitate to stay here . 
arrived at Nam told to pay more to check in early , we declined . was told to come back at Npm for check in , we did . then told it was another N minutes before we could get into the room . hey if you had a room for us at Nam for more money , why did it take until N N ( N and N N hours after check in ) to get into a room ? ? ? ? ? then it took another N hour to even get our luggage ( that had been in holding since Nam ) . awful . the room is small and the bathroom even worse a small sink literally hangs off the wall . never again . 
my wife and i spent N night in downtown chicago but decided to leave the downtown area because of the N . N a night parking fees . the south loop is located just south of soldier field , shedd aquarium , and adler planetarium and the parking is free ! the hotel was very clean , the rooms huge and relaxing , and the staff friendly and helpful . the hotel does not provide free breakfast nor did i see somewhere to eat within walking distance . something that was provided at other hotels in this price range . the hotel is not located within walking distance of anything so you do need some type of transportation . 
we had a wonderful experience with the hotel and staff until we received our credit card bill . our bill at check-out time was correct but when we received our credit card bill they charged us twice for one night during our stay . after about N weeks of calling the hotel and conveniently the person that we needed to talk to was never there and never returned any of our messages , we finally turned it over to our credit card company to take care of , thankfully it was on our american express . it is now february and we stayed at the silversmith in november and the credit card company has still not been able to reach anyone at the hotel who can resolve the charge . i wouldn ' t recommend staying here unless you are willing to pay double price , in the already overpriced hotel . 
have been at conrad last week for a corporate meeting . everything was fabulous , from the room ( the exact word would be " flat " , a N people family would have been confortably accomodated in my room ) , the food was of excellent quality , portions not exceeding the size a normal person would be able to eat , prepared in excellent way . the staff was professional and polite , the cleanininess excellent , the terrace offered the chance for a cocktail looking at the marvellus chicago skyline . the hotel is located in the center of chicago . nothing more to demand from life ! 
we found this hotel on expedia and decided to stay because of all the excellent reviews . we weren ' t disappointed . the room was large and spotless and the beds pillows were amazingly comfortable . it was nice to have good quality aveda products and a bath as well as a shower . as others have mentioned there were complimentary cocktails and nibbles each evening . breakfast was served by the elevator on every floor each morning and being able to stagger a few seconds down the hall to grab breakfast and take it back to the room to eat was great . no there wasn ' t a massive choice of food bagels , pastries , yoghurt , cereal and fruit but it was more than adequate for us and everything we ate was very nice . the location was ideal for us as first time visitors to chicago . it was safe and bustling at all hours so we were very happy walking around there . virtually all the main sights are within easy walking distance of the hotel and if you don ' t want to walk then the " l " is a N minute walk away just across the river - we got the blue-line from o ' hare to clark lake and within the hour we were at the hotel . about N lines pass through state lake which is also a N minute walk from the hotel . we would definitely definitely stay here again , this is a fantastic hotel . 
i stayed here for the weekend in august on my way back to the west coast from a business trip . this hotel is outstanding . i was surprisingly upgraded to an apt suite room with large living area , bedroom and bathroom . the kiehl ' s soaps and shampoo are a real treat . the mid-century modern furniture was very tasteful and the beds are super comfortable . the service was excellent . i was trying to find a misplaced package that my secretary sent via ups and the staff was very attentive and helpful . the bar and restaurant are excellent also . no complaints . would stay again . 
my husband and i went to chicago for a wedding . we had very limited time so we wanted to stay at a hotel which would be centrally located to everything . this hotel was the best . the rooms were nice and clean . bathroom a bit small but ok . the lobby was packed which was nice if you like that for ambiance . location for shopping and restaurants was great . can ' t be beat ! 
this hotel is located in perfect spot for visiting chicago . the staff is very friendly and the hotel itself is very clean and well kept . the kids loved the pool and great breakfast . we stayed with my parents as well as my sister and her family . it is very affordable for a chicago hotel . 
this was my first trip to chicago and i booked here after checking them out on the net . arriving at a new city hotel after close to N hrs of travel , i was wary . but the hotel was " love at first sight " . friendly staff , quick check in , great super clean rooms set the tone for a good four days stay . while there is no restaurant attached ( there is only a cafe which works N-N hrs ) , there are places to order stuff from and have it delivered - sarpino ' s , connie ' s , goNfood and many more . all that they show on the website is real-in fact the hotel looks way better when seen real time than in photos . just N-N minutes walk from mccormick west . cabs can be called immediately . the cta bus is available just round the corner . there is a metra train station also closeby . a great place strongly recommended to mid-budget travellers . would only request the hotel to provide a kettle so that one can have coffee at one ' s convenience . 
 N internet service N parking N steam at bliss spa since gym is " conveniently " not equipped with one N fiji water everywhere ( not expensive , but stop trying to sell me stuff the james gives complimentary water . moved room three times since we were in connecting rooms . third room - still paper thin walls . loudest at bathroom mirror . while i used the facility , i heard intimate conversation , and they heard me . it sounds like someone is showering in your room when a neighboring room is using theirs . N minutes to wait for breakfast table when N N tables were empty . after booking hotel , three weeks later we got an email for a special new years rate , and i had to push to get them to accept a rebooking , then had to push again upon arrival , and then the front help keeps stating that she does not know what this thing is is " whatever " about the whole issue . positives - great view of navy pier ( hope fireworks are great tonight ! ) bliss products in bathroom and i asked for , and got a bit more . comfy bed , but really high , and heavy duvet kept slipping down and off . ample elevators , never a long wait , but lively music for early morning ! all musicians performing in this city tonight must be here . ojays , big gigantic and others , so i am excited for some after party fun in the hotel ! ( new year tonight ) . the steak - anything on the menu with steak is the same ( bar menu night is same as steak and eggs , served the same way on a stick ) and delicious so i am cool with it . they try their best to please , so if you want to pretend to be a rock star , come and drop it like it ' s hot , because if you really had money , you wouldn ' t be in this place . the staff is truly kind and try their best ( eager ) to do what they can . this one good looking " bell-hop " porter who i keep seeing is just so genuine . he always strikes up a nice bit of banter and has a kind heart . more negative- bathrooms have plantation shutters , so you better be comfortable with the bathroom noises of your bed mate and not be embarrassed when you make them ! shower head is rain one , but if you angle it at all , the proof of no water pressure is that it just drizzles out also there is no door and no lip to the floor , so it is impossible to keep the main floor dry . only one bathrobe with two guests . acura car service ends at N so forget using it for dinner time . today is nye , and they are done even earlier , so why bother ? ! bottom line - not coming back unless there is a fabulous deal . great view , but little other reason to come here . i hate the nickel and diming . i am willing to pay and then play , but i just want to pay once and get it all . it is like going to a theme park where you pay when you enter and enjoy your day with your wallet away , or where you gain access , but keep your wallet out for every instance incidental . 
me and my girlfriend went to the pride parade , and we normally stay at the days inn . the inn was N cheaper , so we thought we would try it out . well , i found out why it was cheaper . and trust me , i ' m not one that requires too much in a hotel . i just wanted a decent place to sleep take a decent shower . well , the room was pretty old- lights didn ' t work well in the lamps , the bed spread-even though i would never sleep with one because they aren ' t washed often- looked like it was N years old- just pretty nasty . i threw it across the room . the shower was either freezing or scalding just for fun it went from cold to hot on off . just sucked . another thing was the staff didn ' t know what the taste of chicago was , or where anything was , which seemed kinda strange to me . i think i knew more than they did . we had really bad parking luck- the parking garage was full , so we drove for about an hour looking for parking . next time- we ' ll go down the street to days inn . 
this hotel has a great location , about N blocks off the southern end of michigan avenue . it is hard to find , and hard to see at first . . . . if you are driving , you pull into the building off illinois street , before the amc theaters and lucky strike bowling . you can leave your car for N minutes while you register , and the staff will bring your bags up for you . parking is N a night so we parked elsewhere . the hotel is fine . . . we were upgraded to a corner suite and if you can get one , you should . not only was it quieter ( more on that later ) but we did not have the window to the constantly-lit atrium . this was important for putting kids to bed . corner suites are much larger in the living room as well . the walls are paper thin in this hotel . . . . we could hear our neighbor talking on the phone , clearly , and could hear both tv and talking through the vents , not sure where it came from . beds are comfy , shower head is weak pressure-wise , and the hairdryer was on it ' s last legs . but the furniture and carpet were clean and in good condition , and towels were very plentiful . the fitness room is ridiculously small . . . . N treadmills , N ellipticals and a bike . got crazy crowded between N and N am , but that was nothing compared to the crazyness at breakfast after N N or so . long lines for food , no tables to be had , the staff did their best to keep up but it was nearly impossible for them to do so . we ate before N N one morning and it was a completely different experience . manager ' s reception was also very crowded , with a very long line for a drink . . . you don ' t have to wait in line for lemon water and the snacks ( trail mix and chips salsa ) . every staff member we met was very friendly , helpful and went out of their way to say hello and ask if they could help . i just wish we didn ' t hear random people through our vents and that there was more capacity in the gym and breakfast area . if you have at t , you can get onto the internet for free in your room , just log in with your at t account number and password . 
enter the hotel and you quickly realise , my stay will be a good one . reception , fast and efficient meaning we were in our room very quickly and after travelling for N hours this was welcome . the room , a park view double , was large , comfortable and well appointed with a very comfortable bed . a large bathroom with one of the biggest baths i have ever seen and a separate double headed shower . i used nomN the restaurant bar numerous times during my stay and found it an excellent place for drinks , snacks and dinner . throughout my stay the hotel staff were friendly , efficient and always charming in their attention to guests . the hotel itself occupies a prime spot on north michigan avenue just beside the water tower so ideal for all chicago has to offer . 
we had the most fabulous time at the conrad . both my husband and i have never had such an amazing experience at a hotel as we had there . what a way to celebrate our first anniversary ! every member of the staff , from the front desk ( especially carol for recommending two great restaurants for dinner ) , restaurant staff , bar staff ( especially sergio ) and even the housekeeping staff were always friendly and smiling . i travel to chicago twice a year for different trade shows , and now i will only stay at the conrad . they truly go above and beyond in every aspect of their hotel . our room was beautifully appointed , and most of all clean and comfortable . i would recommend the conrad to anyone looking for a special hotel experience ! it ' s truly a home away from home ! 
i was very pleased with my stay . the room was nicely decorated with my favorite colors ( burnt orange and brown - ) there was a big flat screen t . v . in the room , large shower , hair dryer , amenities ( soap , lotion , shampoo , mouth wash , etc . ) the loby is located on the fourth floor , which is also where breakfast is served . i made it to the hotel about N N and had to come back around N N due to no rooms being ready . but they will allow you to store your bags there til you come back . that was o . k . with me , it gives you time to look around . the hotel is in a great location , near everything . i would return ! 
we stayed at the sofitel-chicago in downtown chicago from august Nnd-august Nth . we loved everything about the sofitel hotel-chicago . the room was clean , spacious and attractice . we had a very nice view of the lake and downtown chicago from our Nnd floor room N . sofitel staff were extremely professional , prompt and courteous . from the reception staff , to concierge staff , to housekeeping staff , to doormen and to room service staff , everyone was very professional and respectful ! the bottom line is sofitel chicago is by far the best hotel that we have stayed at ever ! we will definitely be staying at the sofitel - chicago again and will only be staying at other sofitel hotels for our travels . forget about the other big N star hotels . this is by far the best N-star hotel that we have stayed . we highly recommend sofitel-chicago and the sofitel brand . 
we went to this ri for a late family christmas in january . the hotel was great and in an awesome location . we were very close to shopping , dining and nightlife . the rooms were a perfect size , even for our big family . the breakfast is great and helps save a lot of money , rather than going out . we are looking forward to going back to visit ! 
the hilton chicago has tremendous historic appeal ( many famous movies filmed here ) , all with updated amenities and convenience for the business and pleasure traveler . the service from the staff is excellent . the location is good and close to chicago art museum and within a mile and a half of excellent shopping on the magnificent mile . 
wish we would have had more time to induldge in the perks of the palme lovely hotel . very expensive bar . try the bar outside the main doors to the right millers- great bar , also , upgrade to the executive floors for private elevator and night time snacks and breakfast in the am . 
i stayed at the carlton in september and the staff was excellent , pointing out on the cta map how to get to different places that i was planning on going to . about a N minute walk to the orange line station , or you can use the archer bus that heads downtown as well . slept well , with minimal disturbances , after a long day of walking around , a comfortable bed always feels good . closest supermarket is on pulaski about N minutes walk from the hotel , plus many fast food places in the same area . if you need a white castle fix there is one about N mile to the east on archer . would definitely stay at the carlton again , helped make my trip to chicago a blast . 
stayed here a couple of nights with some friends for a girls weekend . this place is amazing . really nice , friendly staff . huge and amazing lobby area-so much to look at and fun areas to sit and hang out . complimentary beer wine app hour was a nice touch , met lots of other travelers and got to sample some local brews and snacks from the restaurant . we got a room with N double beds and we were pleasantly surprised with the size of the room , given that we were in the city we were prepared to be a bit cramped but that was not the case . the room had plenty of space and was decorated in a fun , contemporary way . even the light fixture was cool . nothing about this hotel is average . N huge windows gave us a great city view , another pleasant surprise . we had a lot of fun exploring this hotel and would stay here again for sure . 
i stayed at the allerton for N nights last weekend . i booked a deal off of ruelala for N night for a king room which included free wi-fi , N complementary drinks per night and " continental breakfast for N ( up to a N value ) " each day . the rate was a little higher than i had hoped for , but i figured since we were getting N worth of breakfast per day , i ' d do it . well , first of all- we only got N breakfast ticket ( instead of N ) . then , when we go downstairs the waitress wasn ' t certain about the terms of the deal and had to go ask , which took N minutes . then we find out that this N worth of breakfast ( N for each person ) , is only for the cold buffet . if we wanted to upgrade to the hot buffet we ' d have to pay an extra N-N each . and this card wasn ' t good toward food on their actual menu . i was very hungry so i decided to just deal with the free breakfast . lo and behold , this consisted of N cereal selections , lukewarm milk , sub-par croissants and muffins , picked-over fruit salad ( only honeydew left ) and apples , banana or oranges . it sucked . biggest rip-off ever . before i booked , i tried calling the reservations department to ask about the terms of this free breakfast and no one was able to answer my question . it ' s my own fault for booking , but had i know the breakfast was so crappy i wouldn ' t have booked . that would have worked to my advantage because the next week i saw a similar deal for the allerton on groupon without breakfast or drinks for N . i sadly couldn ' t exchange . oh well . the hotel itself was nice though . beautiful room and bathroom , comfortable beds . the people that worked there were very nice , as well . we came to check in before N , expecting to have to check our bags but they were able to give us a room immediately , which was great . also , it ' s only a short walk to the chicago red subway stop . very good location . the only other complaints i have are that the elevators are horrible . there were N available and were very small . we stayed on the Nst floor and every time we took the elevator it took a long time to get to us . it also felt like we stopped on every other floor to pick up people on the way down . it got to the point that there was no more room for people on the elevators below the Nth floor or so . so if you get a room that isn ' t on the top of the hotel you were sheet out of luck . the bathroom was beautiful , all marble- but it was constantly freezing in there- even if we left the door open . it was uncomfortable going barefoot in there . also , we checked our bags on the ground floor the day we were supposed to check out , since our flight didn ' t leave until N . we had to wait about N minutes to get our bags . luckily , we had some time to kill , but if we were trying to get out of there in a hurry it would have been a problem . 
my stay at the w city center was a dr . jekyll mr . hyde type ordeal . for every task that they did well , there was an equal and opposite task that flopped . as a former frequent traveler i have stayed in many different hotels ranging from N stars to N stars . and , lately , i have been having good , solid experiences booking N star hotels for my leisure trips through priceline , but my stay at the w city center in chicago ended that string of luck . i had read many other reviews on this website before my trip and i felt like i had enough information to know what to expect , but i was wrong . i rated my experience at the w a " N , " but it was closer to a " N . N " and just like in math class , i rounded down . i am not sure what the exact criteria is for star ratings , but for service , the w city centre is a solid " N . N , " but that ' s as good as it gets . my flight landed at midway at about N N am , so i took the orange line and arrived at the hotel at around N N am . i was expecting to check my luggage , but to my surprise i was able to check-in . and , according to them , they upgraded my bed from full to queen and gave me a courtyard view on the Nth floor , so that noise from the " l " wouldn ' t bother me . what a joke ! ! ! my bed wasn ' t even a full , it was more like a double . . . maybe even a twin-and-a-half . my wife and i , who sleep in a king at home , were practically on top of each other . and the courtyard view , looked more like the view from a project in brooklyn . and , i understand that the interior rooms in the hotel have no choice but to have a view like that , but please don ' t tell me it ' s an upgrade , when it really isn ' t . i would have rather heard the train and had a view of the outside world , than to feel like i was in prison . the room was tiny ! after i learned was staying at the w , i looked it up and saw that the rooms were small , but the website doesn ' t do the room justice . there was exactly enough room to turn around , but that was about it . there was a lounge chair in the corner that was unecessary in that size room and the desk where one could use a laptop was at the foot of the bed . when you pulled the chair out to take a seat , it hit the foot of the bed , so you had to squeeze into the space between the desk and the chair . at N ' N " , N lbs , i ' m not a huge man , but it was a feat for me to do that . the television was in a cabinet to the left of the bed , so i had to turn my head at an awkward angle to view it . and , the question that kept running through my mind was , " if this is a N star hotel , where is the plasma tv ? " i have stayed at many other N star hotels in chicago that have had plasma for years and if i remember correctly the w lakeshore has plasma tv ' s in it ' s rooms . i liked the fact that there was a safe in the room for my valuables , it made me feel much more comfortable about leaving certain things in the room . but , it was a too small for my laptop . the bathroom was also very tiny , but it had a full-sized tub and a fantastic shower head . also , the little bliss sample products were great so i purchased full-sized versions . the toilet was extremely noisy , but i believe i figured out why . the flush was a little longer and stronger than a usual toilet , but i think it was so that all " debris " could be cleaned with one flush instead of possibly flushing more than once . i mean it ' s so loud , the flushing next door would wake my wife in the middle of the night . the service at the door was great , but it came in spurts . at one point there might be three gentlemen opening the door , but at others there might not be any , only the person that hails cabs for you and if your hands are full and he ' s busy , then you ' re stuck ! i didn ' t see a handicapped button you can push to open it automatically . the location is decent . you ' re very close to the orange and brown line trains , two blocks from the blue line and N or N blocks from the red line . and , unless you ' re going out at midnight , like we did , there is usually a cab in the vicinity . overall , this is not a N star hotel . you either have great service or none at all and i didn ' t appreciate being misled to think i was receiving some sort of benefit . i decided not to patronize the restaurant ( shikago ) or bar ( whiskey blue ) because there are many other places in chicago i ' d rather spend my money . please do your research . the w city center is a great N . N-N star hotel . it ' s not even close to being N stars . 
my husband and i spent the weekend in chicago for our anniversary and stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . what an awesome place to stay ! the staff and hotel were exceptional . our room was the most beautiful room i have ever stayed in . the food was superb . they make you feel like royalty there ! also the location was perfect . we were close to everything in downtown chicago . it was our first stay in a sheraton hotel but it will definitely not be our last . this is the place to stay in downtown chicago . the worst part was having to check out and go home ! 
we found the hilton garden inn to be very clean , fresh and updated , and the location cannot be beat . we got a great rate through the hilton web site for N a night with our third night free . no breakfast is served but we did have a microwave and mini-frigerator . there is a restaurant located off the lobby , mainly barbque , but room service is offered , and numerous restaurants are within a block . the staff was very friendly and accomodating . the indoor pool is nice but small . nordstroms and northbridge shopping mall are a very short block away , and michigan avenue , aka , the magnificent mile , is two very short blocks from the hotel door . parking is availible , for a fee , of course , in a garage attached to the hotel and there is a heated circular driveway from which you may load and unload your car . bell hops and valets are readily available , but in no way is their service pushed upon you . we would definately stay in this hotel again . 
this is not a well-known hotel in chicago , but it ' s really interesting . the location is ideal for just about any purpose just off the magnificent mile , a block from the red line subway and a few blocks from the el . the hotel is not super-noticeable from the street the entrance is on street level but the hotel lobby is N floors up on the elevator . the rooms are not just suites , they ' re really large suites -- with a well-equipped kitchen , a living area with sofa and bath , and a bedroom with full private bath . they have nice views of the city and are well-equipt ( big screen tv in the living room , large tv in the bedroom ) . one thing that ' s a bit strange about the place in this age of niche-marketing is that it caters both to budget-conscious tourists with large families and to business travelers on long-term stays who are using somebody else ' s money . so on the one hand they have wifi and internet in the rooms , and an enthusiastic full-service business-savvy front desk on the other hand , they have a mini-market that has basic cooking staples , and they have a coin laundry ( try finding that in a marriott courtyard ! ) . during my stay , they managed to cater to both groups quite well . my only minor complaint was about breakfast -- yeah it ' s complimentary , and they have a lot of staff on hand to try to make it run smoothly . but it brought back bad memories of summer camp mobs of people pushing into a tiny serving room to scoop out something from an industrial-scale vat of scrambled eggs . they have a dining area , but it ' s much too small for a hotel this size , particularly given that the breakfast period is fairly brief . 
i spent six nights here for the chicago marathon in october . i found it a nice hotel in an excellent location N blocks from michigan ave and the magnificent mile shopping area . good location fro exploring chicago on foot also . the subway station is just around the corner , N day pass cost N and is a great way of getting around , you can also use it on buses . my room was a nice size on the Nth floor only negative about it was the window looks into a multistorey car park and very little day light came into the room . free internet access . the breakfast was good and the staff friendly . i only major complaint is the price they charged me . N for N nights , N night in december cost N ! at the moment . 
spent two nights at this property , on business pleasure . deluxe executive suite Nth floor , facing west . nicely appointed room , typical N seasons decor ( getting a little tired , imho ) . the room had a very unpleasant odor- i asked the maid about it she shrugged her shoulders . the shoulder shrug pretty much sums up the housekeeping services at this property unbelievably indifferent . the room was hardly cleaned up during our stay plenty of stuff on the floor , only partial replacement of the towels , complete lack of attention to details . this is not acceptable at these prices ( or , historically , in any N seasons property i ' ve ever stayed at ) . front desk folks were great , very helpful . valets were curt and grudgingly helpful . pool and workout facilities were very nice . free wireless internet ! if i ' m going to spend this much money , i am definitely going to stay at the peninsula down the street , a vastly superior property with a consistently higher level of service . although i haven ' t written a review of the pen ( i ' ll get around to it one of these days ) , i have stayed there at least six times it is , imho , one of the finest three hotels in the world . 
pros in chicago to attend a taping of the oprah show and visit family . we were welcomed with open arms and warm smiles . we were allowed to check in early . mentioned to the clerk that i read a review about not getting a room facing the fire station ( across the street ) , he was so attentive and placed us on the opposite end on the top floor . in addtion , he recommended a tour and called and made reservations for us . the room was nice clean and spacious . the accomodations were great hot breakfast , fitness room , valet parking , and complimentary paper . cons no microwave or refrigerator in room . 
most of the james hotel ' s best points have already been detailed in the many previous reviews . however i still felt the need to add in my opinion . the james is definitely one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in , i would not consider staying anywhere else in chicago , i could not fault it in any way . 
jonathon and his team at the front desk made the difference is our visit . this hotel is the best we ' ve found in chicago . while the location is useful its helpful friendly staff makes it a great hotel ! we will be back and we strongly recommend putting your visit into their capable hands . 
great service from the front desk , beautiful rooms , and a very friendly doorman . my only issue was , i went to the hotel bar restaurant at N N pm , to get a glass of wine . the male staff members were standing around discussing their plans for the evening and looked annoyed that i walked in , despite the fact that they didn ' t close for another hour . i ordered N dollar glass , but the waiter made me sit in the lobby with it because " i needed to to order some food if i wanted to be seated at the bar " i came back a few minutes later and told them i didn ' t want to sitting in the breezy lobby in the middle of feburary with my wine . they rolled their eyes and found me a table close to the door . i realized that they were more interested in closing the place early so they could go out on the town for evening . the attitude was disgusting , and i ' d stay at the palmer house next time . 
stayed at the hotel monaco march N-N , room N . most everything was up to kimpton ' s usual high standards , but this room had a really awful view ( with a window seat ) of the brick wall of the adjacent building to the east . avoid this room , though i suppose the upside is that you won ' t hear the screeching el train from this side of the building . 
i stayed three nights at the renaissance during the hectic N modern language association convention . unlike many of the other convention hotels , this one turned out to be pretty easy to use . the elevators worked efficiently , the buffet breakfast was excellent , the staff were efficient , and the bedroom was capacious and comfortable . all in all , this was an enjoyable experience , and i ' d be strongly inclined to stay there again . 
very nice hotel , everything was nice and the staff was very helpful . my only complaint was how exceedingly small my single room was . it worked fine , but there truly was very little room within the room . oh , and perhaps that is the reason the bed seemed short even for my N ' -N " height ? ! ? 
i visited this place for business , so a had to stay for a full week to attend a conference . the rooms are small , the breakfast was amazingly expensive and so was the internet access in my room . i also had to pay for the gym in the hotel . they charged N us dolars for one bottle of drinking water and the coffee maker was placed in . . . the bathroom . . in europe that ' s not even allowed . the only positive item of this hotel were the doormen . 
we stayed in a one-bedroom suite which easily accommodated our two children as well as ourselves ( about N sq . ft . ) and was about the same cost as two rooms in other hotels . the hotel interiors are high quality , using modern material and contemprary furniture and fittings . the colour schemes were generally in the taupe cream beige brown ( crisp white bed linen ) neutral range with zebra wood and steel used as accents throughout . limestone bathrooms had perfect grouting and mastic lines - this project was really well managed to get that level of detailed finish . the overall impression was high quality reserved modern rather than bling . the sound proofing between the living room and the bedroom was excellent . the suite has two bathrooms - which speeds up the morning rituals , especially when travelling with girls ! our whole experience of the hotel was excellent . other reviews have noted the high end kitchen fitting , bathroom fittings and audio visual equipment - so no more has to be said on that front . the airconditioning was very quiet , coming from a county that does not use a c generally - it is helpful to have a very quiet system when one is trying to sleep . any time we went to the pool - we had it to ourselves and maybe one other person . the pool has no real deep end which would suit small children who do not like diving . the view from the pool area is down the river to the lake and also towards the loop . i did feel that the exposed surface finish on the pool area ceiling was very like fire-safeing used on steel work , and could have been upgraded to a more decorative finish . the changing room was high quality with all the accessories one would need . signage between the pool exercise area and the changing rooms might need to be upgraded because when i was waiting for my small daughter to finish her shower , out came an unclad man from the sauna - who tried to convince me that we were in the mens room - luckly i noticed the womens products on the counter top previously so i knew we were in the right room ! i drew his attention to that fact and he left and she was none the wiser . check-in out were really quick . the staff were always so helpful and friendly . housekeeping was a bit slow on a couple of occassions in that the room has not been made up by mid afternoon , even though we would have been out of the room since early in the morning . the construction work didn ' t really affect our stay . we did notice the noise of the lift when we went back to our room mid afternoon . there was no noise after Npm . there is scaffolding at ground level but there still are clear walkways to the varoius streets . the windows are a bit dirty given the work proceeding at high level , but again nothing that would really affect one ' s stay . i would recommend this hotel to any catagory of guest - however do book in soon to avail of a five star hotel at affordable prices . 
stayed here for a conference in the hotel in april N . the hotel had a nice check in , though on the second floor . the had an expres check in for hyatt gold members such as myself , which i used . they have N towers . i would recommend trying to be in the main tower , as it makes access to conference facilites , restaurants , etc , easier . if you want a dl type stay , with no prying eyes on your ins and outs , then maybe the other tower is for you ! got a nice high floor , with a view of another building ! i guess i had a partial river view ! new , modern room . nice furnishings , great state of repair . i think it was recently renovated . the number of elevators felt adequate for the number of floors rooms . food is expensive , as is room service . then again , you are in chicago , so you should probably eat out ! check out was a breeze , and the check out clerk was most helpful , telling me about a mileage promotion they were having . also , you can ' t beat the location , close to the mag . mile as well as state street . would definitely stay again . 
separate baths and showers , separate toilet room , full closets , decent toiletries , good restaurant bar , giant television . . what more could one want ? ? 
check in horrid service incompetent location excellent i stayed here for a conference . parking was pricey , the first room i got was occupied , and pool was small and not well kept . if you get a great rate stay here . if you are deciding between two hotels , pick the other one . this is not what you should expect from hilton . 
my son and i traveled to chicago to see the bears play at soldier field and we couldn ' t have picked a better place to stay . the hotel was close to the cta ( train from o ' hare ) station and within walking distance of shedd aquarium , field museum , soldier field , and so much more . we had a room with a lakefront view . everything was absolutely wonderful . 
i have been to the avenue hotel twice now . once with my husband and son , and once for a girls weekend . both times were fantastic ! the location is what drew me to the hotel in the first place , right near all the great shopping ! so the first time with my family , we had a big rooms with a so comfy king size bed for us , and a pullout couch for my son . he seemed fine with it ! so we had almost the same layout with the girls , only two beds and a pull out ! big , clean room , flat tv , small bathroom , but that was fine . my husband enjoyed the free internet with his laptop . service was wonderful ! the checkin went smoothly , the same girl checked us in both times , very nice , and let me know about what the hotel offered . one of the best parts ( of both trips ) was the concierge . he was knowledgable , and both times made great recommendations for the family and the girls night out . we even got some free passes for the girls night out to howl at the moon , martini park ( our two favorites ) and more . he made our stay most enjoyable , as did the rest of the staff , the doorman sami ( funny guy ) and the bartender in the lounge ( small place but great views ! ) we already have a reservation for another girls weekend in september , and have contacted vern the concierge for more information ! we can ' t wait ! 
it all started at the front desk with lorena and continued to get better until she checked me out N days later . she made me feel special and her assistance and smile could not have been better . 
we stayed one night at the willows while we were downtown for work . we thought the hotel was very nice , and the staff was helpful to us in finding a restaurant that had been recommended to us . we are from a small town , and really appreciated the relaxed , friendly atmosphere in the middle of the big city . 
title says it all . staff was rude on check in and out , tv barely worked , when the door for the next room closed it shook my entire room . 
stayed at palmer house with over a hundred extended family members for a wedding which was also held at palmer house . there were well over N in our party . the hotel is quiet beautiful and our double beds room was large and very nice . family members in king rooms were shocked at the tinyness of their rooms and all those in interior rooms facing walls were disapointed by the " small dark feeling of the rooms . " requested a late checkout ( N N rather that N N . ) was told , " no . " the manager was rude and unhelpful . finally agreed begrudgingly to let us stay for a N fee which we would have been happy to pay if given the option in the first place . N fee to use workout room N fee for internet unless you ' d like " slow " internet for N . N deposit for wireless apparatus . ridiculous . the attitude was " take it or leave it , babe . " no feeling of warmth or interest except by the housekeeping staff who were friendly and nice . 
i just returned from a stay at the knickerbocker and it was fantastic . the staff is incredibly attentive and the location is outstanding . i loved the martini bar and all of the food was really good too . the concierge helped me plan each day of my stay and i was able to maximize my chicago visit . i would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely return ! 
N ) location . . . . . . best spot for shopping on michigan ave . N ) staff . . . . we did not have one complaint about any staff member . top N staff . N ) rooms . . . . . . . very clean and well kept . average bathrooms . N ) parking . . . . . . . N really ? way too expensive . ihg can do better ! N ) room service . . . . did not use . N ) architecture . . . . top notch . incredible . N ) priority club . . . . they did not acknowledge my platinum status and did not offer an upgrade . they did let us check in at N a . m . and check out at N p . m . 
i just got home from a N night stay at the hyatt regency and i ' m glad to be home . i have stayed in worse hotels then this place , but i ' ve also stayed in much , much better , for less money . if you are going to chicago , try to find another place , but if you have to stay here , make the best of it ! the stetson ' s chophouse has good steaks , but i ' ve been to better ( old homestead , morton ' s ) but the piano player and accompaning singer was a nice touch . the bartenders are nice and quick . the front desk clerk was a little confused ( first day , maybe ? ) and the maid service was adequate but nothing special . this place was probably really great N years ago , now it ' s just old and tired . 
we stayed at the affinia in february and had a wonderful stay ! my daughter was interviewing at northwestern university , just a block away , so location was my first priority . we fell in love with the hotel--don ' t know if we ' ll be able to afford to stay here once the renovations are complete , so i ' m glad that we chose it for this trip . the staff is wonderful . they were always friendly and concerned that we had everything we needed . if you had any questions , they were always helpful . the front lobby was still under construction , but no worries . they supplied bottled water and snacks because the restaurant is not yet finished . we didn ' t have to change elevators , as others mentioned , so that part of the renovation must be done . the room was terrific . when i booked it , i was told it was a junior suite--it was huge ! an " office area " with a desk was located just inside the door . a few steps down from that was a large sitting area , with a couch , chair , refrigerator that was hidden inside a cabinet and a large tv that was swivelled so that you could either turn it towards the sitting area or the bed area . the king bed was soooo inviting and comfortable , with lamps on either side of the headboard . you could order several different kinds of pillows , including magnetic pillows and ones that would hook up to your i-pod so that you could listen to music through your pillow . the couch pulled out for sleeping , but my daughter and i camped out on the king-sized bed since my husband couldn ' t make the trip with us . therefore , i can ' t vouch for the comfort of the pull-out couch . the bathroom was small , but very comfortable . and the room just off the bathroom contained a lighted magnifying mirror . there was an ironing board and iron in the closet , along with a hair dryer and bathrobes . the closet also contained a safe . every room was spotless . our room was located next to the elevator , and you could hear it when you were in the bathroom . but we weren ' t bothered by it during the night . in fact , it was very quiet in the room we stayed in . we didn ' t hear any others coming or going . but the best part of the room were the windows , which ran along the entire wall of the room ! we looked out onto n . st . clair street from the Nst floor . it was beautiful at night . the hotel is just a block from michigan avenue and an easy walk to lots of places to eat and shop . my daughter went to the elephant and castle pub for a drink one night , so i was surprised when the hotel gave us a voucher to go there for breakfast . the menu was small , but the food was good . and i ' ll be back there for a drink the next time i ' m in town . all in all , we had a great stay . my daughter loved the hotel and i know that she ' d stay there again in a heartbeat . 
arrived for a business meeting and have traveled to many other hilton properties , i was looking forwared to this meeting . unfortunately i was disappointed . seems like the rooms need an upgrade . upon checking into my room , i was taken aback by the strong smell of cigarette smoke . i immediately switched rooms and was statisfied with my new room . the biggest problem with this hotel is the location . you have to take a cab everywhere , very inconvenient ! 
this was the second time we stayed at the burnham for a long weekend in chicago . it was once again great . we had an executive suite , which was ample size . nice views . . . could even see part of the lake . the staff is very friendly and attentive . we didn ' t eat at the atwood cafe , but we did spend some quality time at the bar . the bartender is a cocktail genius . ask for a lesson on gin ! we look forward to coming back soon . 
i just returned from a two night stay at the westin on michigan avenue . the staff were helpful and corteous , the ambience in the lobby was so relaxing , and the room ( a king deluxe with a lake view ) was clean , comfortable , and everything that i imagined it would be . i always seem to have success with the westin chain . the heavenly bed is just that . . . heavenly . we had dinner at the grill downstairs on saturday night and we found the food and the service to be delightful . also , the location of this hotel cannot be beat . it ' s right next door to the hancock observatory and we walked to millennium park in about ten minutes . cabs sit right outside and are always ready when you need them . i definitely would recommend the westin to anyone visiting chicago . 
my husband , son and i stayed N nights at the hyatt . the location was great - a short walk to tons of attractions and steps away from ' the magnificent mile ' . the service was also top notch by every employee at the hotel . on our second and last night i woke up and flipped the comforter over to get out of bed . it was a little further than i usually toss it , and i noticed a yellow stain on the underside . i was disgusted and surprised but when i continued to turn the comforter over - i was speechless . there were two large basket ball sized urine stains on the underside of the comforter N feet away from the foot of the bed . the stains were dry and there were no other marks anywhere on the bed . i immediately took pictures and called the front desk to request a manager . a person named kaylee came in and was also disgusted and was shocked that it wasn ' t thrown out . i explained to him that i did not want to ask for any compensation as no dollar amount could justify sleeping in urine . he understood and explained that he would take care of it and he would make things right and seemed genuinely concerned . we went for breakfast then proceeded to check out . at the front desk we saw that he did in fact request a refund , but only partial . we were still billed for things like parking , internet usage , etc . we actually paid over N for staying N nights in a bed with urine stains that may or may not have been washed ( they still can ' t prove if it was a washed stain or if it was unwashed ) . i went back and told them to take the money back and i would rather pay full price then take their partial refund . it felt like a slap in the face . even the agent at the front desk told me that if i went to him first he would have wiped the slate clean and refunded everything and agreed that it was their opportunity to make things right . he was seemed shocked that the manager didn ' t request a full refund . he mentioned that even him as an agent could have authorized it . i am upset that a hotel like the hyatt could penny pinch . but my main concern is that i would never have seen this urine - it was an accident . how many other people in that hotel are sleeping on filthy bedding ? how can i report this to a higher authority ? any help would be appreciated . 
i stayed at the congress on a saturday night , october N while attending the play dirty dancing . i searched high and low for a hotel in downtown chicago that didnt cost over N . N a night or that wasnt a dump . being a travel agent i had a lot of resources at my disposal . upon entering the hotel i was in awe of the fancy lobby . we stayed in the buckingham wing . our room was on a smoking floor . the smell was a little overwhelming , but mangeable . upon entering the room i was pleased to see a flat screen tv on the wall and an updated bathroom . all our linens were clean and fresh smelling . when asked for additonal pillows and towels they were promptly delivered to our room . as a traveler , the N previous reviews were not at all what i experienced . granted it depends on the type of traveler and what their expectations are . if your room was so bad , ask to be moved to another room . if you are looking for a nice place to rest your head after a long day in chicago this is great for location and price . in the future may i suggest asking for the buckingham wing . our room seemed much nicer than those described in other reviews . 
my girlfriend and i stayed a weekend at the palmer house and enjoyed the experience . i booked a room on the hilton website and took a non-refundable discount rate for an executive floor room . the room was clean , good sized and and the beds were very comfortable . the hotel staff was very accomodating . the executive lounge had a continental breakfast that was just enough and an evening presentation of hors d ' ouvres that was good as well . executive lounge seemed very noisy when it filled up compared to other lounges i have used . we will return to the hotel in the future . ps if you like old architecture check out the lobby and inside the jewelry store that is located next to the entrance of the hotel , they don ' t build them like that anymore . 
i enjoyed my stay at this hotel . it is in a great local , walgreens across the street , my bank a few blocks away in both directions , jamaba juice next door and my favorite coffee shop intelligentsia in chicago only a few blocks north . yes the rooms are small but i have stayed in smaller ( beverly terrace in beverly hills ) . but i found the room very clean as well as the bathroom . the front desk folk were great on advice on transport and local eats . the only issue i had with the hotel is at least with my room there should be a sign posted next to the bathroom watch your step . upon entering i had to use the restroom and almost killed myself since i hadn ' t turned on enough lights and tripped on the step up to get in the bathroom . the second , third and forth things i didn ' t like about the hotel was the lack of water pressure , hot water for the shower unless it is morning but even then it is lacking and the very slow drain in the bath tub . as for the very slow drain in the bath tub i just chalked it up as having old pipes . i unfort . forgot to mention this upon check out as i had an early morning flight and was still half asleep . if anyone mentions this to the staff what is was their reply ? over all though i did enjoy my stay and just now booked a room for a couple days to let my hair down in oct . 
we stayed over the july Nth weekend . room was very quiet and the service from the hotel was excellent . requested a refrigertor and room service promptly delivered . the bathroom sink is elegant to look at but impractical . shallow basin causes water to splash out . roof top bar is apparently " the place " as it was very popular day and night . outstanding views of the city . 
stayed at the palmer house hilton for a conference . the lobby and conference facilities were beautiful , and the location of the hotel would be hard to beat . but the guest room was pretty depressing . dingy , poor lighting , peeling paint , a window looking across a small courtyard into other guest room windows . one shouldn ' t expect a room in an older hotel to be large , but the layout of the furniture was a bit ridiculous - the space between the desk and armoir ( leading into the bathroom ) was perhaps N inches ! if location is important to you , this might be a good choice . but i wouldn ' t recommend the palmer house for any other reason . 
loved the hyatt . check in was a N minute deal and we checked in early which was great ! room was on the Nth floor which was great . location is probably one of the best in chicago free trolleys to navy pier , macy ' s and other spots . michigan ave ( mag . mile is N block away . millenium park also N block over . great restaurants abound catch N is fabulous also the chophouse is also great . also , there ' s a free shuttle to an indiana casino that leaves from the west tower every few hours . also , a great italian bistro in the west tower that has great italian food and sandwiches . also had a party in the atrium with our group food was very good . enjoyed our short stay , and would ' nt hesitate to stay here again . 
frequently stay at embassy suites properties and this one is not too bad . . . starting to show a little wear and tear , but still decent . the location is probably the best you can get in chicago . . . . close to great restaurants , shopping , and attractions within walking distance . room was just fine and the bed was nice as well . i have to compliment the staff for their organization regarding the managers reception and breakfast . despite the number of folks staying at the hotel , the lines were not too long and there was always a table available . the bar , restaurant , and service staff were polite and friendly . i like embassy suites and this one did not disappoint . 
i reached holiday inn late night at N am and to my surprise , i got as warm welcome as it would have been N noon . my keys with my free upgrade coupo and meals were ready at the desk . the bell boy dropped my luggage ( mind it at N . Nam ) till my room which was at Nth floor . the room was awesome . the refrigerator , free high speed internet , fluffy beds and sexy view took my heart away . to add to my happinness there was free fruit basket and snacks basket . also bottels of mineral water were complimentary . next to the breakfast , one word is - " awesome " . there was a complete range of american and mexican breakfast in buffet style . the timings are N-N am . it is well connected with the cta route and can be reached using metra . there is a temporary luggage stuffing section also , in case you want to check out at prescribed N noon and want to come back to pick up luggage . another thing , is that it is very near to a N hour pizzeria , so you can reash for it even N am in the morning , in case you are feeling hungry . every floor has the snack and cold drink vending machine . there is a swimming pool at the top floor as well as a gymnasium . trhe tv has all channels including hot ones but certain channels might need extra payments . all ion all it is value for money if you are in chicago ! 
we got an excellent deal on a room at the hilton chicago . the price was great but when we got there the room was the size of a closet ( we booked a king suite ) . the wireless internet , workout area , and basically anything else was an extra cost . nothing comes free at this hotel . the location was fabulous and i would recommend the hotel just because of the location . also be prepared to pay a lot for parking whether you park in a public garage or the one provided by the hotel . 
husband i come to chicago every thanksgiving week . we ' ve stayed numerous places throughout the years . and , the hampton is a very nice hotel . it was a milestone birthday for me so i asked for a room - highest floor -- and we ended up w a large corner suite due to having hiltonhonor cards . had separate bedroom and full kitchen w a bar . work area and sitting area . it was really spacious . also rm . N looked out on the trump tower which is almost complete . didn ' t use the onsite restaurant but it looked nice and reasonable . the free breakfast was efficiently handled . robust coffee was great ! location was perfect w lots of restaurants and shopping w in a few blocks . we always hit boston blackies on grand and giordano ' s up on rush st . staff at the hotel were always pleasant . room was ready when we got there and check out was a breeze . 
i stayed at this hotel last year but seemed to liked it more then . this is a conveniently located property with an attractive lobby . staff are nice . however , my room was very small and the wall paper in the bathroom was peeling and the tile was coming off the wall . fitness facility was ok but didn t have any weight training equipment . i ve stayed here before and would probably stay here again but wouldn t look forward to it . 
always dependable . . . always a great experience . i was in town for a conference and while everyone else stayed just blocks away at the conference hotel , i decided to avoid the crowds and the noise and stay at the renaissance . the experience starts at the entrance where the valet quickly took my luggage from the trunk and opened the door to the hotel . . . . a smile at the front desk and a welcomed hello . the room was fantastic , the people where polite and service was great . wouldn ' t think of staying anywhere else ! 
this past winter was the second time my husband and i stayed at this property and loved it again . growing up near chicago and visiting frequently , i have stayed at many properties there , and this is one of my favorites . the location is great ! i would definitely book a michigan ave . view room . i booked online through their website and got a great deal . i paid up front and got a two night stay on a weekend with a michigan ave . view plus parking for N total ( parking is normally N day alone ) . i would highly suggest going on their website , as they usually have great online deals that you won ' t get through another website or by calling to book reservations . the lobby is nice and check-in was quick both times . one complaint i have is that i wish the concierge was around more that they had more than one . we were there on a weekend and they disappeared after about N N both nights . plus , as there was only one , there is often a long line waiting to ask questions . we got just a standard room and it was nice for what we paid . the bed is comfortable , and like i said , our view of the street was great . the workout room is a tad small for the size of the building--about N or N treadmills , a couple ellipticals and a couple bikes . while we were there , two treadmills also were not working . if it ' s nice outside , you can always just run outside i guess , but in feb . , that wasn ' t an option . overall , i would definitely stay here again . the location is great , yet i didn ' t notice any street noise while we were sleeping . i have stayed at other westin properties , too , and have been pleased every time . 
one weekend day in chicago . having stayed at the hilton garden inn before , i thought i ' d step it up a bit and go for the omni . found the place after parking in a meter spot ( free on sunday ) and walking six blocks . walked into the first floor stand and asked about checking my bag as it was N Nam . the young lady and bell person said the lobby was on the third floor , and they would probably be able to check me in early . i really didn ' t believe them , thinking they should have checked my bag , but i get to the third floor , ask about a early check in and could not believe i got in at N Nam . to the Nth floor , typical omni , rooms seem to be better built , better quality overall . the pics are an actual depiction . walk four blocks to the red line , and jewels osco supermarket . went to new comisky and returned after the game . felt tired as i had been up since Nam and decided to order pizza . the delivery guy must have gotten stopped because i got a call from guest services inquirying if i ordered food which i said " of course , deep dish , " so this hotel is up on their security . recieved another call later in the evening about transportation the next morning from the front desk and i declined as i had it planned . i woke up at Nam again to go to the fitness center . this kinda mean lady told me it was open at Nam . i ' ve stayed at other omni ' s and they would call security to open the room just for me . not this lady . i asked about printing a boarding pass and she points me to the business center which charges N per N minutes . i read in previous reviews the front desk printed boarding passes but not the night time desk lady . she looked like she could have killed me for bothering her so that ' s why four instead of five stars . overall , another solid stay at the omni except for you know who . 
i took a school group here for a few nights on a field trip in chicago . great value for the price . location was perfect for touristy things and walking distance to all sorts of things on michigan ave . breakfast was amazing and the interior is maybe a little dated but still nice . the rooms are fairly basic but looked like the furnishing were fairly new . great views in every one of our N rooms . the pool was too small and too chlorinated but that was the only downside to our stay . 
stayed here for one night in february , N . the hotel is situated in a business-y area w many other hotels , although magnificent mile is w in easy walk ( maybe a N minute walk away ) . however , there ' s not much for nightlife other than the hotel restaraunts and bars very close by , although we walked to an area w plenty of bars ( about a N minute walk , and only a N cab ride back ) . the room was very nice , very clean . the bathroom was also very nice and very clean . the hotel was very quiet . overall , i was extremely pleased . we got a great deal on hotwire ( only N per night ) - i think a hotel like this would easily be N per night in nyc or boston . 
hotel monaco chicago is a great value in a wonderful location . if i compare it to hotels of equal price and location , it gets five stars , but if i compare it to another kimpton property that we loved , the monaco in portland , or , i have to dock it a star just for some areas that aren ' t quite on portland ' s level . anyway , we ' d stay here again in a heartbeat . we had a " river view " king . room N ( top floor ) that we booked on a special rate of N night . now , it isn ' t the same river view that we ' ve had on a high floor at the chicago hyatt , but we didn ' t pay only N there either ! views were best if you climb up into the roomy window seat , and then the view is of the wabash bridge , river , and the marina towers ( " corn cobs " ) . if you increase in room numbers , you will get closer to wacker st and have more view of the trump tower and overlook the christian science reading room . smaller numbers ( N-N ) are going to put you farther from the river and closer to the sounds of the el . we could hear the train , but it was not loud enough to bother us . if we had been in N or N , it may have been loud enough to keep us up , but i don ' t know for sure . looking back in the other direction , we had a view of the sears tower , lit up for the holidays as well as the lit steeple of the first united methodist church which is across from daley plaza . upon arrival we had a morning flight and then about a N minute ride on the blue line from o ' hare with a N block walk from the station at clark and lake to the hotel . that was all very easy and made me glad we ' d skipped renting a car and paying the N night parking ! we arrived earlier than we thought , around N am , but they had a room for us , so it was great to be able to go ahead and check in . our kimpton program perk for the weekend was simply a key to the mini bar and our choice of N free items , up to N in value . on the other hand , when we stayed in portland , we had a room upgrade and a bottle of wine , but , sigh , i know that can ' t happen every time ! the riverview king is a typical king room , with one upholstered chair in the corner , and a desk . the bathroom had a nice size granite countertop , but a traditional tub shower that was not oversized . we were very surprised that the hotel tv had limited cable and was not even broadcast digital ( which i am not sure how that could be the case ) . i really think they need to go ahead and be providing hd . we ' ve had it at home for N years ! however , we weren ' t chicago to watch tv , so that ' s all i need to say . i noticed some faint odors of mildew each morning , but i could not pin-point it , and it was not all that strong , so i did not complain . overall , the room was quiet , and in comparison to other chains , it is exceptional , but there was some hall noise and distant chimes of the elevator . also , i heard a barking dog from a room down the hall one night , and another night there was a crying baby . this is another reason that i only gave four stars . at the portland monaco , we never heard a thing and were so amazed at the soundproofing there ! the nightly complimentary wine reception was cozy and the staff also brought out some flatbreads that were tasty . a psychic handwriting analyst casually circled the room and offered her services in a non-imposing way . interesting touch , but we did not partake . there is lobby coffee in the mornings but only until Nam . our housekeeper must have noticed ( from the empty paper cups ) that we went down for coffee and brought it back to the room , so she had left us an in-room coffee maker on the Nnd day of our visit . we had turn-down service each night with chocolates on the pillow and the tv turned to a yoga program . ( i ' d been doing a yoga program one evening before we went to dinner , so perhaps the staff noticed and tuned it to a different program for me for the night ? ? ) i also like that we left for dinner at varying times each evening , but somehow the staff must have known because they always did turn-down service while we were gone , instead of knocking while we were still in the room , which i find awkward when it happens in other establishments . we walked or took the train everywhere we went , and found the monaco a perfect location for michigan ave oak st shopping and checking out the german christmas market in daley plaza . we also walked to the art institute on thursday evening because it stays open late with free admission ( N-Npm ) . we took the brown line up to shop in lincoln park and rode the red purple up to evanston to visit friends . if you are a walker , then all of this is doable from the monaco without a car ! it was not a problem to check our bags with the bell hop on our last day and stop back by the hotel and get our bags before walking to the train station to catch the blue line back to o ' hare . so incredibly convenient ! ! yay to kimpton ! it ' s the little things and the friendly staff and the mentality that hotels don ' t have to be super expensive to be a great experience . 
this was our first trip to the conrad in chicago . we were very pleased with the property and the location . i would certainly say this hotel is on par with other conrad hotels we have enjoyed . we travel to chicago frequently and have stayed at over a dozen hotels ( including other hilton properties and some of the landmark properties like the drake and palmer house ) . when we return , the conrad will be our hotel of choice . it is situated in a great location at the magnificient mile , has a friendly staff and gorgeous suites . 
i traveled to chicago the first week of august with my wife and two children . we chose this hotel because of its proximity to the musuems . it was definately the right choice . i did not have any of the problems the previous reviewers had . we stayed on an executive floor ( paid N night avg by calling direct to hotel ) . so i am not sure the impact the executive floor had on our service . check-in took less than N minutes . our bags were delivered to the room shortly after we got there . anyone that travels to boston or nyc on a regular basis will consider these rooms more than spacious . we had two full bathrooms , which is great for traveling with kids . the rooms were very clean , linens excellent and all the furniture in very good shape . my only concern is that the doormen are not very knowledgeable about thier city . i cannot comment on the hotel food because we like to sample a city ' s offering . there are several excellent venues within a few blocks to get a bite to eat . i would recommend this hotel to either business or family travelers . 
my wife and i came with our two infant babies and i had called ahead a day early to make sure that two cribs were placed in the room and a refrig for their formula . i was told no problem we will take care of it , so when we landed we called again and said please make sure the items were in the room and that the refrig be turned on so it will be cold . we were again told , " we see the notes on the reservation and we will make sure it is take care of " . when we arrived at Npm after flying from california there was only one crib in the room and the refrig was in the room but was turned on to the least cool setting so it was still warm . the crib was soon sent up and i moved the chair to find a ketchup packet ( unused ) under the chair . i said okay no problem , then in the corner of the room was some paper , and then behind the curtain more trash . it wasnt dirty paper , it just made me question the cleaniness of the room . the next day i noticed that the shelves under the tv were covered with dust and that the sheets had a hole in them , the door to the minibar has a broken hinge and the door to the bath room is all chewed up as if someone pried the door open . but let me tell you that the staff made up for all the shortcomings . they were pleasant , and very helpful since i was tarveling with my N month old twins . this is the third time i have stayed at this hotel and it is truely a gem for customer service . . . thank you to rhonda and the staff for taking care of my family while visiting your city . i will be back . 
the hotel was nice . the room was spacious tastefully decorated . there was a good variety of food on the breakfast buffet although i thought it was a little odd that there were no bagels nor muffins . the hotel was in a good location close to bus stops . we were able to take the bus all over the downtown area . the only negative we experienced was that all of our keys would not work when we got back to our room the first night . they gave us new room keys told us to keep them away from any cell phones credit cards . i ' ve never had a hotel tell me that before . my key only worked that one time . i didn ' t bother getting a new key again . i kept the key in the same place in my purse that i have kept other hotel keys this is the first hotel i ' ve ever had a key problem . otherwise , we had an enjoyable stay . 
i stayed a couple of nights at the burnham recently . it ' s got the qualities of a small hotel and the amenities of a large one . the staff were friendly andvery professional . the restaurant is one of the best in downtown . the location is perfect for museums , shopping , strolling the waterfront . the room was immaculate and comfortable ( the bed was great ! ) . and not too expensive . what more could you ask for ? 
it seemed like such a promising start they had a room ready for me when i got there very early . sure it was a queen , and i ' d paid for a king , but i could put up with that . sadly , it was all down hill from there . . . after heading out for the day i returned to the room for the evening and tried to set up a wake up call , but for some reason the phone in the room was set to ' rotary ' and while i could hear it churning , it wasn ' t connecting with anyone . i gave up and set alarm on my watch and went to bed . but i couldn ' t sleep because of the stratchy things in the bed turn out they were toe nail clippings . yep , the bed had only been made after the last user , the sheets hadn ' t been cleaned . disgusting . in the morning i went for a shower , but the setting on the shower head was stuck between two settings and wouldn ' t move . all i was getting was a dribble by the one cluster of massaging jets the other two clusters were too full of gunk to send water out . disgusting ! i told the front desk this ( again , phone not working . . . had to go down in person ) , and when i returned for my second ( and thankfully last ) night the shower was working properly and the phone working . and the sheets appeared to be clean . unfortunately the rest of the bedding wasn ' t so good . i had noticed it was cold the previous night , but there was a major cold snap on in chicago so i just put it down to that . that day , however , had been mild and so there shouldn ' t be a problem . that is when i really looked at the bedding ( other than the toenail-ridden sheets ) and discovered there was only one blanket on the bed . a summer-weight blanket . and the bed spread was also a summer weight blanket . also , no extra blanket in the closet , as you ' d expect in most hotels . i spent the first half of the night waking up every hour , getting up and turning the heat up in the room and then tucking myself back in and hoping it would get better . finally , around N am i got up , maxed out the heating , folded the blankets over a few times and got fully dressed before returning to bed . i managed to sleep the rest of the night until my early wakeup call . when i tried to check out using the on-screen process it said that it could not be done . great ! another stop when i am trying to rush out . . . i go to the front desk and am told that i couldn ' t check out that way because i had prepaid the hotel through a third party , and i had to pay for the incidentals . i said , yes , but i gave you a credit card for the incidentals at check in . it is the credit card that you just finished saying " should i just leave it on your . . . . . . card ? " i am treated to a lecture on how if i had gone through the hotel to book my room this wouldn ' t have happened . way to punish your customers ! to add insult to injury , i am coming off the elevators on the first floor and the bell man walks by , heading away from the front door . i am almost at the front door ( a good N feet away ) and i hear " hey you ! do you want a cab ? " yelled at me . no , i don ' t want a cab , what i want is something to help me forget the horrible stay i had at this disgusting hotel . p . s . it is a day later and i now have a major head cold . wonder why . . . 
this hotel seems to get mixed reviews , but our experience was great . this is a very large property , but the location is excellent , convenient to much that chicago has to offer . check-in was quick , but do yourself a favour and join their gold passport club free , which has a dedicated check in line , and which will enable you to be upgraded if they can which is what we were lucky enough to experience . the upgraded room was on one of the regency floors , which apart from being the better rooms also entitles you to continental breakfast buffet . . . a great deal for chicago at the rate we paid of N-N . room was recently renovated and was in top condition due to this . i would stay here again . 
i chose this hotel for its location and because it had a microwave and refrigerator ( i love to be able to have my own snacks and beverages ) but i was amazed when i saw the room ! it was huge and nicely decorated ! it had a full kitchen including stove , dishes , pots , etc . , N large closets , and even a washer and dryer ! the staff was incredibly pleasant and helpful and the complimentary breakfast was great too , including a hot entree and make your own waffles . 
great location to downtown art and entertainment . the staff was exceptional . rooms were comfy . the next morning we did not feel as if we had just slept at a hotel . 
i stayed at this place when i was taking the bar examination . clean and comfortable room . it is a great location down by the watertower and right across from the drake . it has a pretty good value for being right in the middle of the summer time . the place was quiet at night . the room service was excellent . overall it is a pretty good value for putting you right in the middle of michigan ave . 
very pleasant stay . . . the service of the staff was very professional and accomodating ! 
the hampton inn majestic was a wonderful experience from the minute we entered the doors . the gentlemen at the front door were some of the nicest people we have ever met at a hotel . we enjoyed seeing them every morning as we went out for our adventures . the people at the desk were just as helpful . our room was large and really quiet . our room was the first from the elevator and we never heard a noise . this room in downtown chicago was quieter than our house in the burbs . breakfast had a hefty selection of food . while the hot food was standard fare of eggs and sides there was enough of other options to make it sufficent each day . previous reviews talked about how crowded the breakfast area was but we were there for N days and did not see any congestion . overall we were very happy with our decision to stay at the hampton inn magestic . 
my girlfriend and i decieded to get away for the christmas holiday this year . we went to chicago for christmas eve and chrstmas day . we went to priceline and got sax hotel ( old house of blues hotel ) . we took the train to chicago and thought we would drop our bags at the hotel because check in was not till Npm . when we dropped our bags off the hotel let us check in at Nam . the hotel was clean and we stayed on the Nth floor out of N ) our room was clean and the beds were so comfortable . the fitness center was nice but we opted to run on michigan avenue christmas morning . most of everything was closed and barely any foot traffic so we took advantage of that . we found plenty to do here during our stay from the german open market at the daily plaza to navy pier . walking around downtown chicago on christmas eve looking decorations while it was snowing was the best . we had a great dinner at sullivans on dearborn . sleeping in christmas day was the best ! the hotel was quiet and the staff was friendly . we both would stay thier again ! 
the location was good . check-in was ok . asked for non smoking room , given floor with half smoking half non smoking . we could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened . we asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor . they did not bring up the key , we had to go down to the lobby to get it . breakfast could have had some healthy choices , the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh . bananas not ripe . room only had one wash cloth , had to call down for more . housekeeping never showed up at our room . not for turndown service , not for the morning clean -up . called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the do not disturb sign . they said they would come up and they never came when they said they would . we finally told them not to come because of the time . we wanted to get ready to go out for dinner . never greeted by anyone as we came and went . i have stayed at the peninsula and the burnham . the burnham was booked during our stay or i would have stayed there . i will never stay at this hotel again , not worth N . N a night
we stayed four days in a junior suite . the hotel is well located and the staff was very helpful . everything combined to make our stay very enjoyable . 
i give the hotel N stars on everything except for the comfort of the beds . my back was so sore every morning that i could hardly move , and i am only N . when arriving at the hotel , it has great style , very good service and the location is awesome . it is walking distance to the shops on the magnificent mile and right next to the house of blues . the hotel hallways are a little spooky but in a very cool and hip kind of way . i think its like entering the tower of terror hotel at disney world , but again , in a cool way . the hotel is immaculately clean and no issues on that side . the rooms are also very clean , a little on the small side , but with tons of style and touches . we did a lot of shopping , so by the end of the trip , our room was filled with bags and a little difficult to walk around in because of the lack of space . the shower was also small , but in the end , i didn ' t mind the size . ok , now the problem . the beds are horrible . they feel fine at first , but after a night of sleep , i was aching in the morning . hotel sax management , you have got to replace the beds . overall , i still give the hotel N stars because i really liked it , but please , replace the beds ! 
i recently stayed at the swissotel in downtown chicago for a business meeting . the pros are the location ( near everything conveniently ) , the best bed i ever slept in ( very comfortable ! ) in a hotel , clean , and good service . the cons were had to pay N . N everyday for internet service ( would think it would be included given how much i was paying per night for my room ) , had to valet my rental every time too ( which cost extra ) , and they would charge my credit card as i was staying there instead of charging me in one lump sum at the end of my stay to avoid confusion ( had to clear certain transactions that were made by accident by the hotel a couple of times ) . plus , i ' m big on soundproof walls and i could hear the guy in the next room yawning as if he was right next to me ( dislike ) . all in all , i would stay here again only if i had to just for the bed alone but i most likely would stay somewhere else that had free internet included and thicker walls . 
you can ' t beat the allerton for location , but even a motel six beats it for customer service ( or at least the service i received ) . when i arrived , for a business trip , the distracted and seemingly unhappy desk clerk put me in a terrible room , tucked behind the elevator . . . tiny . . . dark . . . bed went from one wall to the other , so you had to climb across it to cross the room . i called and requested another room . i was put on a different floor in the same type of room -- only it smelled dank and unpleasant . it wasn ' t until i went back down to the desk and demanded a better , sunnier , room that i got one . the desk clerk didn ' t look too happy , however . that indifference ( it even felt like hostility at times ) characterized the service during my entire four day stay . 
just returned from a N-day stint in chicago , one of my favorite cities . this time , i stayed at the starwood property , chicago hotel towers . it was a great trip ! prior to arrival , danita harth , the chief experience officer , sent a welcome greeting via email , which i thought was a particularly ingenious way of being proactive about a guest ' s upcoming visit . very nice touch ! -and she was charming and helpful to boot ! upon arrival , i was pleasantly greeted by bell captain . i arrived before noon and though i could not get into my room at that time , i left my phone number and was pleasantly contacted prior to the usual check-in time , to access my room . what a delightful service not mentioned in brochures . i had access to internet from my room , and i made the most of the ammenities in the hotel . the reception desk was staffed with friendly and efficient people , and the concierge was equally as helpful . i had a drink at the bar one of the best old fashions i ' ve had in ages , and enjoyed chatting with colleagues in the spacious and well-decorated lobby . my room was extremely clean and neat and the bed was as always at a starwood resort- " heavenly . " two nites of my stay and two mornings , i was greeted by the friendly staff in the club lounge where i had a continental breakfast and evening wine and snack . connie was particularly kind and helpful . she has been working there for ages , and she really takes pride in her work . it shows . she is cordial and she really made us feel at home . i only wish i could have made it back for coffee and brownies in the evening ! finally , i shipped packages out upon departure , and the business center guys were helpful and efficient . all in all , the entire experience was a delight . i would highly recommend a stay at this hotel . it ' s convenient to just about everything and the hotel really caters to your every need . and . . . you can earn starwood points to return for a leisure trip , which i plan to do this summer ! thanks , folks . it was really all just " heavenly ! " 
stayed for N nights , and thought it was an ok hotel in a great location . to find good hotel deals in chicago is not easy , i learned that even an ordinary hotel room can cost more than N a night , which i find absolutely insane . this hotel was the cheapest marriott option in town . we paid around N per night , not too bad . continental breakfast included . the room was nothing special . the interior was nothing to write home about , but the bed was comfortable ( marriott ' s beds are the best ) . the room was of standard size , but i guess small for american standards . desk staff seemed very busy , and not particulary helpful . they seemed almost annoyed when asked a simple question . when we asked for an adapter they just gave us an adress where we could buy one . i think it is very strange that a hotel in a major city don ' t have adapters . anyway , we loved the location , walking distance to many of the main attractions , including navy pier , and would recommend this property if you do not wish to pay the ridiculous prices some of the other hotels are charging . 
we booked via lastminute . com but would have obtained a far better price booking direct with the hotel . when we arrived we received a free upgrade which was great . when affinia say the rooms have been refurbished they mean it . it was absolutely great and had the wow factor to it . we will not list all that was in the room except to say that every possible need was catered for . there was no expense spared when it came to the d cor or presentation . the staff were always friendly and helpful . the location was great as it is off the main roads but only N yards from what s going on . a good local breakfast and evening pub food could be found at the elephant castle one block away . another place you must try for breakfast is the famous west egg caf a few blocks away . another suggestion for evening meal ( particularly if it is raining ) is the original gino s just next door to the hotel and do go and try the cheesecake by the water tower , great food . 
we stayed at the fitzpatrick for two nights in a one bedroom suite . our daughter slept on the sleeper sofa . despite a few disappointments , we enjoyed the low key atmopshere and the location . it was great to avoid the crowds and traffic found near the larger hotels . this hotel is easy to reach by car ( valet parking ! ) , but everything is within walking distance after that . there are good restaurants in the neighborhood ( see below ) , including down st . clair street a classic diner for breakfast or a bakery cafe with lots of outdoor seating . the room was quiet , spacious and comfortable and the bed excellent , but the bathroom was extremely cramped and average in appearance . there was no other vanity area set up , although there was plenty of room in the suite for one . the decor was tired looking , with scuff marks on the walls , a few stains on the carpet and missing floor trim pieces . it was sufficiently clean . this hotel is used by the british airways flight attendants and pilots . the staff is friendly ( mostly irish ) and well-trained , but always expect a wait at the front desk . the elevator is small and the hallways narrow , which gives it the " boutique " feel . someone left a glass of pop with several cigarette butts swimming in it on the table in the hallway ( gross ) , and it was never removed by housekeeping during our stay . the pub in the basement is great , with a classy but warm and inviting atmosphere . there are outdoor tables available as well , although it was too hot to enjoy them . we left some clothes behind in a dresser by mistake and had difficulty getting the hotel staff to retrieve them . eventually they did , but we had to pay the return postage . we had to leave the hotel before N am , when the bell staff starts their shift . we almost couldn ' t get our car out of the valet , and we had to bring the baggage cart upstairs ourselves to get the luggage on our own , because the other front desk person was delivering room bills . overall these were minor inconveniences , and we would consider staying there again . there ' s a fantastic " authentic " syle italian restaurant down the street at st . clair and grand called volare . if you stay at the fitzpatrick , check it our for lunch or dinner ! 
this is a newer hotel on south michigan ave . not my favorite location . . . . shopping on michigan ave is further north , but the actual hotel and rooms make up for it . i was in a corner room , so i had plenty of light and a nice view of the city . i have to say that my favorite part of the room ( other than the great renaissance bedding ) was the bathroom . the only way i can describe it is " sexy " . stand up glass shower with a rain shower head , great lighting and very contemporary fun black and white wall vinyl . i didn ' t interact with the staff much , but those that i did were friendly and professional . starbucks in the lower lobby is a great perk . overall a fun hotel . 
i have stayed here in the past , and although the rooms are small , it is a clean and well kept hotel . i called to make reservations for a suite this august N , and the reservationist asked how many people , i said N , then she polietly asked what was bringing me to the area , i said it was my birthday . she then changed her tone , and immediately says , " first let me state " we don ' t allow parties . . . . . . i said , oh no , it ' s nothing like that , just me and my boyfriend . . . . . . ( i ' m N yrs . old ) but geez . . . . not a , " oh how nice , it ' s your birthday , or " that ' s nice , here ' s a nice room for you " . . . . just right off the bat , " we don ' t allow parties " i was pretty much instantly turned off from making the reservation . i even thought i would looked into a birthday package room or special occassion package rate , but i think i ' ll look elsewhere . 
we just came back from staying at the james for N days and loved it . though i didn ' t use it , my hunny says the gym was excellent and the running routes provided by the concierge ( Nhr ! ) was beautiful . our king bed was super comfy and love the little treats each night from our turn-down service . excellent location and i highly recommend the free bike service . . we rode around chicago for N hours without a care in the world ! i ' d like to personally thank meg w for doing such a great job helping me sort out my reservation changes and krista k for advice before and during our stay . our first time in chicago and it was very well spent . . ! thanks james . 
i was booked into this hotel by my hosts when i was invited to speak at a conference . everything about it looked fabulous on-line , but i was a little worried by some of the reviews . i actually had a wonderful stay . i was in room N in the historic tower . i got to see a lot of the hotel , because we had events in various places . overall , it is a wonderful hotel . my room was very large and beautifully furnished , but , because i like to review hotels i ' ve stayed in and felt that i wasn ' t having the average experience , i started asking other conference attendees how their rooms were . the two people i asked separately were unenthusiastic and complained of small , " o . k . " rooms . the lowest conference rate those paying guests got was N . the conference rate for the room i stayed in was N . depending on where in the country you are from , you may have very high expectations when spending that kind of money . my own room was very large and beautifully furnished . it had a king-sized bed , a lovely armoir that housed the television and mini-bar items , a desk and upholstered chair , an easy chair and ottoman , a small sofa , and an upholstered bench at the end of the bed . everything was in perfect condition , the art was nice , and the room afforded that fabulous view down michigan avenue that another reviewer mentioned . there was a massaging shower head in the glass-enclosed shower in the lovely bathroom that also contained a tub . there were plenty of towels , and they were very nice and thick ( so i thought the towel complaint in another review was curious ) . a scale and a hairdryer were provided , and there was lotion , shower gel , and ample yardley soap . toiletries were replenished daily . a complimentary newspaper was also delivered daily , and the in-room coffee was actually very good ( i ' ve never said this before . ) now , even though i seem to have had an exceptional room and loved the hotel , i do agree with one of the reviews i read before my trip that said this is in no way a N-star hotel . here ' s why . first , the toiletries were not very nice . i usually bring my own shampoo , but decided that since i wouldn ' t be there too long and there was sure to be complimentary shampoo , i wouldn ' t bother -- big mistake . there was a combination shampoo conditioner that was not good . second , there was no make-up mirror , and i defy anyone to apply make-up with the available lighting . i also defy anyone to read using the lighting available in the main room . third , the robes provided were those spa-type waffle robes ( which i actually discovered i like , but most luxury hotels provide thick , terry robes ) . now , please don ' t get the idea that the bathroom was dirty . it wasn ' t . however , i could see stains at the back of the toilet bowl that extra attention with a brush would have eliminated . next , the hairdryer was that same basic andis wall-attached model that they have in even the most basic hotels . ( any woman would have to bring her own . ) finally , there was no turn-down service . in a N-star hotel , one expects to return home in the evening to a turned down bed , robes laid out , chocolate on the pillow , and soft music playing on the radio . guests staying in even the worst available room in a N-star hotel should not be saying , " it was o . k . but nothing special . " now , on to the pool . although the pool is surrounded by patio-type furniture , this is neither the sort of pool that you ' d relax around or a suitable playground for kids . there is nothing romantic about it . the pool and room have historical interest . the pool is long and divided into several lanes . this is a pool to swim laps in -- nothing more . if you are a swimmer , however , everything i just wrote will be hugely appealing . there was little competition for a lane in this pool at N N a . m . , and at other times , i never saw anyone in it . 
for the memorial day weekend of N , i visited chicago . as i planned my itinerary , i initially shot for an airport hotel to save money , then figured on renting a car . but when my chicago area friend suggested that i ditch the car rental and book a downtown hotel to better experience the city , i decided to look both in the loop and in the river north areas . somehow , sutton place caught my fancy , and i booked there . this is an edited version of a review that i had originally submitted to epinions . com , which i have since deleted . -rates- for memorial day weekend , the rates ran around N per night for a standard king room without the memorial day discount , the room rates would ' ve been closer to N per night . i booked four nights through united airlines ' unitedescapes package , which included roundtrip airfare from los angeles , for the grand total of N , N , including taxes and fees . ( the same package would ' ve cost N if i had booked a day earlier . tough luck . ) -location and arrival- sutton place is a small chain of boutique hotels , with only four locations . the chicago location is the only location in the united states the rest are in canada . the hotel ' s location was fantastic . standing on the corner of bellevue and rush , it was literally steps away from the nightlife of rush and state streets , and only a few blocks from the magnificent mile ( michigan avenue ) shopping district and john hancock tower . getting to the rest of the city was not too difficult , with michigan avenue buses heading for lincoln park , the loop , museum campus , and grant park , and with two red line subway stations ( chicago state and clark division ) a N-minute walk away . the exact address is N e . bellevue place , chicago , il N . i took a cab from o ' hare airport to the hotel . it was an easy ride on the kennedy expressway ( i-N ) , getting off on division , turning left , then heading a short distance to state street . -arriving- i arrived at N in the morning thanks to weather delays on my flight . nevertheless , unitedescapesme , and a clerk checked me in without delay . i was given two metal keys one magnetic key for my room , and one key for the minibar . access to my Nth floor room was through two high-speed elevators . -the room- upon entry , i found a huge bathroom to the left . it was decorated in white and black tiles , with a bathrobe prominently hanging next to the full-length mirror . there were more towels and toiletries than i could count . the toiletries even included a clothing mending kit . i had to look into a drawer to find a hairdryer , however . the shower and bath were separate , and both had great water pressure and comfort . opposite the bathroom was a roomy closet , with an iron , an umbrella ( for those chicago thunderstorms ) , dry cleaning bags , and an extra pillow . next to the bathroom was the minibar and a counter . with minibar being quite expensive as usual ( N . N for a can of soda ) , and with a breakable plastic tab keeping the minibar closed , i decided not to bother with it . the room itself was very roomy . although there were no pictures hanging on the walls , a few mirrors here and there made up for it . the drawer cabinet had a large flat-screen tv on top ( with N or so local and cable channels , including wgn and the all-important weather channel ) , and a dvd player and a receiver in the middle . a few cds were also provided , so that i could listen to music while relaxing in the room in fact , sometimes the housekeeping left my room with the music on . toward one corner was a work desk , with the hotel ' s guide to services and a sign indicating the availability of wireless internet . since i didn ' t have a computer with me ( my laptop was dead at the time of this trip ) , i didn ' t bother . i do believe that internet connectivity cost extra - a minus in my books . a modern , purple lounge chair was located next to the bed . the bed itself was very comfortable , covered with white and brown sheets . i had no problem sleeping here , despite all the excitement of being in chicago . the bed was flanked by two lights and drawers , one housing the gideons bible , and the other displaying various chicago travel guides and magazines . my room was near the northwest corner of the building , affording me a good view of the rush street nightlife and a sliver of lake michigan . despite the raucous atmosphere on the streets , my room was very quiet . housekeeping came by twice a day . the first came midday to clean up , then the second came late in the afternoon to deliver two bars of chocolate , the next day ' s weather forecast , and a breakfast room service order sheet . the bed sheets were also folded and rolled down to make it more inviting for me to get into bed . nice touch . my room key got demagnetized after three nights . for my final night , i had to show my id at the front desk and get the key re-programmed . i didn ' t like this - reminded me of some seedy hotels in washington d . c . and seattle . -other amenities- i did not spend time exploring the rest of this skinny , tall N building ( remodeled in N ) , but i noticed a few amenities . room N was a fitness facility . i didn ' t bother , as i decided that all the heavy-duty walking through the magnificent mile and the loop qualified as workout . the fourth floor had a business center , but it opened only on workdays between Nam and Npm . i stayed over a long weekend , and the business center stayed closed for the duration of my visit . this forced me to visit the apple store on the magnificent mile to get on the internet . there was a restaurant bar on the ground floor , which i did not visit . i decided to eat out with my friend at a bistro ( bistrot zinc ) just a block away , and eat my brunches in some of chicago ' s fine museums . there were a number of meeting rooms in the lower floors , which i did not check out . there were plenty of attendants in the lobby on the ground floor , happy to open doors and assist guests and visitors at all times . -leaving- i left at N N in the morning . although i had the ability to check out using my room tv , i decided to check out with a clerk the old-fashioned way . with no purchases from the minibar , returning the key was all that there was . -frequent guest program- sutton place has its own frequent guest program , with enrollment available online at its website , suttonplace . com . -as i look back- the key glitch and the closed business center made my stay at sutton place less than perfect . but the luxury touches were definitely refreshing , including the two maid services per day , the free chocolate , the dvd player and music , and the comfortable bed . i absolutely loved the modern bathroom as well . all at a price that ' s above my usual budget , but still within reason . and to top it off , the location could not have been any better , with easy access to the rest of town . i will definitely book here again for my next visit to chicago - and given that chicago has so much to offer , and i could barely scratch the surface during my weekend , i ' m definitely returning . 
i had stayed at this hotel a long time back and while the rooms seem in need of a bit of an update , they are by far larger than most in the downtown magnificent mile for the price ! staff is extremely friendly and attentive--hitting the elevator buttons when they see you coming toward the elevators , etc . . . --the only complaint i have and it is partially my fault , is that at check in , i wish , the front desk had briefly gone over my paperwork with me--inside were my coupons for the free beverage of choice dropped off at my room in the morning and paper--i didn ' t realize it until the morning when looking over my things and wondering why there was nothing available . . . i wish she had mentioned to hang it on my door before Nam . otherwise--everything was just wonderful ! 
we went for the holiday weekend and i was very happy with the hotel . everyone was helpul and prime spot for going everyway in the city . eat at miller pub and have a few beers ( craft beers ) or a bloody mary . theres a pork chop in that glass ! ! bartender mike fits the scene . it was a very nice man . rudys has awsome burgers rated N and there is italian place right next door to rudys looked good didn ' t eat there should have . look on line for deals at the silversmith it is well worth it . i looked at the reviews and people need to get over their own issues . we had a blast going back in a few months to do again . we had rainy weather so the only thing we did was go to navy pier , all the boat rides looked fun , dang rain . everyway we went in the city beer was decent price mixed drinks over priced . looking forward to our next trip to the city , we took metra downtown , walked and rode cabs now that a great weekend ! ! 
great hotel in the middle of all the action . amazing view of the river . very short walk to access water taxis and river walk . short walk to the navy pier . great in house restaurant with street level seating . great for watching the city going by . rooms are nice . valet parking right at hotel is very convinient . 
my experience at this hotel was that the room furnishings and location are nice , but the cleanliness is questionable , the desk service abysmal , and the one long distance phone call i had to make ( inside the us , N mins long ) due to my cell phone breaking cost me N ! ! you would think i had called the moon ! overall i would visit the bar on the roof-top for a drink ( somewhat expensive , but great view ) , and stay somewhere else . there ' s a lot of swank hotels in the area that are worth paying a tad more for or the same as the affinia is asking . try not to break your cell phone either . hope this helps ! 
if you still stay here after reading this , you shouldn ' t bother with this website . i have stayed at this red roof several times , and it isn ' t great , but never as bad as this visit . big trade show . all hotels unreasonable . trying to save money . big mistake ! no hot water N of N mornings . tub didn ' t drain N of N mornings even after i complained . didn ' t clean my room or make the bed one day . no soap or shampoo most nights . no towels one night . sink falling off the wall , toilet seat broken . door wouldn ' t open a few times . tiny room and bathroom . plus , it was a comedy of errors on the part of the maid service . they only had two very pleasant staff members in the entire hotel one night . i don ' t know how they stayed so nice and polite . this is a dive and is getting worse . i wonder if they have remodeled since the N ' s . the mtc . guy said they were going to remodel starting soon , but that wouldn ' t solve the cleaning staff problem . this is only the half of what was wrong . . . 
my brother and i stayed on saturday night . checked in at N Npm with no wait and went straight to a large , clean , well-appointed room on the Nnd floor . well-stocked with supplies and a beautiful view of the river walk . very quiet with excellent beds , pillows and bedding . would recommend to anyone travelling to chicago . 
the hotel was very nice , well maintained , clean . staff was friendly and helpful . the baths were beautiful , although as others have commented , if the glass wall had been built a foot wider there wouldn ' t be any splash problems . however , only a tiny amount of water escaped . the rooms on the back ( west ) side were very quiet , although you just have a view of the wall of the adjoining property . overall i ' d probably have given the hotel five stars , but it ' s location was only fair . it ' s a good walk to most attractions--N-N minutes to the field , another five to the shedd and another five to the adler planetarium . the art institute is probably the closest , about N minutes away at a brisk pace . navy pier and the shopping on n . michigan are at least N minutes walk away . i don ' t mind a lot of walking , but most will spend some cab money , especially going out for dinner in the evening . the red line subway at the nearby jackson stop on state street is the quickest , most reasonable way to get to n . michigan . 
i stayed there with friends on the night of september N , N . the valet person was lazy and took his time to move our cars and picked them up when we had requested for them . the front desk was untruthful in where to park which caused one of the guests to have her car ticketed and towed . the housekeeping was very unprofessional . we had requested more sheets and blankets at Nam and they took an hour to bring it to my room . i will never stay there again nor recommend anyone else to do so . 
my wife and i spent six nights at this wonderful , small hotel ( N rooms ) which is located in the heart of downtown chicago . we prefer small hotels so that you get to know the people at the desk who , in this case , were extremely knowledgeable and helpful about directions and activities in the area . we did not need a car since everything we wanted to do was available by walking or using the cta . the atmosphere was one of the old , traditional hotels . the choice of daily newspapers and coffee in the lobby were nice touches . the atwood cafe on the first floor served a wonderful breakfast and weekend brunch . we used a sniqueaway reservation so the value was excellent . 
i booked this hotel for a business trip vacation w my wife . our criteria -- good location , low price , free breakfast ( ' cause the company only covers mine ) , and free drinks ( ' cause they don ' t cover that ! ) . we also spent a night at the embassy suites , which also met our criteria , for comparison . we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the amalfi . the room was nothing special , but the location was great ! lots of walkable restaurants and nightlife nearby . easy walking distance to all the tourist attractions , subway , etc . tip if you arrive by train , be sure to take the N water taxi from the train stations directly to the trump towers next door to the amalfi . what really set this hotel apart from others was their free happy hour ! they served up good drinks made from top-shelf ( well , at least mid-shelf ) liquor , along with a couple of signature drinks . they also had a good selection of cheese , bruschetta , meats , etc . to snack on each night . yeah , the lounge got a bit crowded , but never uncomfortable . we were always able to find a seat . the free breakfast was fine , but not as good as it looks in the pictures . it was convenient to have it set up on each floor , but it was definitely " continental " , with few choices for protein . tip grab a couple of pieces of ham and cheese from the happy hour , throw ' em in your mini fridge at night , and you can create your own breakfast sandwich in the morning when they put out the croissants and bagels . oh , one more thing . . . before we arrived , we posted to their facebook page . our first evening , they hand-delivered a plate of really good chocolate chip cookies and a handwritten note thanking us for our facebook post . i don ' t know if everyone gets the cookies , but the personalized comment impressed us . comparison w embassy suites chicago downtown amalfi had a much better happy hour and better service . the free internet was nice , too . guests at the amalfi were definitely younger and more " professional " , and the decor was more upscale . the embassy suites had better rooms and a better breakfast , but seemed to cater more to families and leisure travelers . locations were about equal -- they ' re only a couple of blocks apart . i would stay at either hotel again . 
excellent service . great room and fine location . highly recommend this establishment . we will be back
i have to tell you that w a family of N ( a couple of teenagers too ) we either have to stay at embassy suites , homewood suites , or a marriott . luckily , i had the foresight to stay at the downtown ( state st . ) embassy location . thankfully , the hotel wasn ' t very busy for my dad ' s Nth b-day celebration . everything from dinner at maggiano ' s to the suite hotel experience was smooth . breakfast at embassy was also appreciated as we enjoyed the free breakfast and were able to have the kids come down in shifts as they woke up to take advantage . 
travel much on business . take the family here every year for a N-N day vacation to chicago with friends . location is excellent ( nice area , close to shops and restaurants ) . rooms are nice with good views of city , hotel is clean , service is good and atmosphere of hotel is nice . 
five friends met in chicago and chose this hotel because of its location and price . having a full breakfast was an added lure . the staff was great . 
spent several nights at the river hotel on both business and a fun weekend trip with my wife . we have always loved the hotel ' s restaurant , bella bacino ' s , so we tried the hotel . the room was not as small as i thought it would be from other reviews . the motif of the room is contemporary with pocket doors for the bathroom , tile bath , and a very usable and updated work desk . the ac was negligible . ironically , the hall was ac all the way . if you need an iron and board , just ask because there was none in the room . service was good . but the optimum reason to choose the river is the location . we have traveled to chicago on at least N occasions . have stayed at numerous hotels , but wacker street is the central location to michigan ave . shopping and the great little restaurants in the loop . you would probably want to taxi-it to rush and division but it is walkable on a great day . they will park for N per . but there is a tiny little lot that is public parking next to the hotel for N . our car was safe and i could grab things from the trunk at my leisure . i liked it better than valet . all in all , i received a great value on the at N when compared to other area hotels like N and swissotel . i would recommend the river hotel , and will always recommend the deep dish pizza and portabello appetizer at bella ' s . just make sure you check the ac first . . . 
was dissapointed with this hotel . on the plus side , it has a good location in the theatre district , the evening wine hour was decent , you had a choice of white wine or red wine , but no munchies , other hotels do these evening receptions much better with a lot more variety . they do have a large lobby area for this , with quite a bit of seating . the minus very small room , had a king room , N king bed , armoire , desk , chair , N easy chair , N small nightstand , and it was crowded . one of the smallest bathrooms i have seen , no counter space . the worst part was the loud pipes from other rooms flushing or taking showers , it was noisy all night . pillows were okay , but bed was not comfortable at all , too hard . no complimentary coffee in lobby to start the day . i had a good rate of N , i won ' t say that i won ' t ever go back , but it is my least favorite in chicago at this time , and if i have a choice i will take a different hotel next time , there are a lot of better alternatives . 
we brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time . small rooms , but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene . lots of interesting amenities in the room . convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping . really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone . lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere . watch out the concierge ( like all concierges at big hotels ) will direct you to mediocre , large restaurants where they get kickbacks . we have stayed here several times and i always check for rooms here when i travel to chicago . however , the hotel is often full so book early . 
stayed at the plamer house hilton for N nights this month . from what i could tell all the room renovations were complete - however there is some work being carried out on the back entrance and to some of the downstairs areas . this in no way affected our stay at all . the room we had was really nicely decorated , very large and throughly cleaned each day . the lobby areas are very ornate and made a great place for a pre meal drink or a night cap . the hotel is very busy with conferences also being held here though i didnt feel this affected our stay at all as an inner city hotel you expect hustle and bustle and the rooms and corridors were very quiet . i would def recommend this to anyone going to chicago - with some nice restuarants around the only thing lacking would be local bars . one note - i found the area at the back of hotel slightly intimdating as a young female . 
the hotel itself is beautiful . it ' s a well-maintained , courteously operated establishment . i was glad to get to stay here . do try the hotel restaurant if you are staying--wonderful , wonderful food and desserts . the room was well-equiped , clean , and comfortable . the air conditioning worked wonderfully , which was great for a hot summer visit . check in and check out were both quick and easy . there was high-speed internet available , but for a charge , so i just did without . they do , however , have a location where you can log in and print boarding passes for a flight home for free , if that ' s the only reason you need internet access . 
had an absolutely amazing trip to w city center chicago this past weekend . the service was amazing and the staff was outstanding . they were very accommodating to the needs of my girlfriend and i . it was our anniversary and every one on staff seemed to know and took personal touch to make sure our stay was excellent . laurelin hefter was one of our favorite staff members because she genuinely cared about us having the best experience possible . 
this hotel was perfect for the price . i went with a group of N and it was modern and what a great location . the staff was very nice also
nicely comfortable and staff is helpful , well located in downtown chicago
we just returned from N nights at the james hotel and couldn ' t have been more pleased with our choice . the james is conveniently located just a block of michigan avenue , which makes walking to most destinations a breeze . for the times that a taxi is needed , there was always one right out front . we had a queen studio suite and the extra sitting area was plenty big and made the room feel nice and large . the decor is very clean , modern and highly attractive . we were really pleased with the overall quality of the furnishings as well . some hotels don ' t live up to their photos shown on their website and we didn ' t find that to be the case with the james - what you see is what you get . the view from our room wasn ' t great , but that ' s to be expected for most hotel rooms . the free wireless internet access in the room was an added bonus and was definitely a nice feature . all of the hotel staff that we encountered were extremely nice and helpful . we ' ll definitely be returning to the james next time we ' re in chicago . 
this was my birthday vacation , i take one every year . i arrived in chicago at N am , saturday morning , march N , N . it was really cold and rainy with light snow , my check in time at the hotel was in the afternoon , but i came straight from union station to the essex . i had no problem getting my room as soon as i got there , i was so thankful for that , i was wet and cold and the hotel made it all better with my nice warm room waiting for me regardless of the time . the staff was very helpful and very polite , i had everything i needed , the food was excellent , i have nothing but fond memories of my birthday stay in chicago . my room was neat and clean , the hotel was close to where i wanted to go for the weekend . the weather improved a bit , but it was march in chicago , no doubt , the essex was everything i had hoped for , i had no problems , check in was amazing as well as check out , very smooth on all counts , yes i would visit again . 
we met some friends here for a long weekend . top floor view of the river facing south , worth the extra N as we enjoyed cocktails in our room with the view . the brown line el stop is less than a N minute walk through the merchandise mart . the mart has several place to eat , some sit down , some fast food ( dunkin donut ) . staff very helpful . 
my wife and two kids stayed at the silversmith march N-N and couldn ' t have been more pleased . we had a large room with a seperate sitting area and two comfortable chairs . there are many restaurant options steps away and getting a bus to the museums or n . michigan ave . shopping is a breeze . the staff is very friendly and helpful . we will stay here again when we visit chicago . 
just returned from a weekend in chicago that was just fabulous ! arrived at midway took the train to the hotel ( had one super easy transfer with elevators for luggage and got off at chicago and walked all of a block to the hotel ) , as a matter of fact we pretty much exclusively used public transportation all weekend except for one night to dinner . the weather all weekend was not to be beat , so of course that helped the overall experience we checked in with ease . got a really sweat deal on the sofitel website that included breakfast for two in the N nite cost it was well worth it ! . to my surprised we were booked on the top floor , Nnd . fabulous views , request this if you can . the room was immaculate , bathroom was over the top with all the marble and oversized shower . and most importantly the bed was comfortable , not the best i have ever slept on for this price , but the feather top made it nice . the only complaint here would be that they did not have down pillows , most hotels at this level do . but honestly that is the only thing i can find to complain about . this is a very international hotel with guests from all over the world , which makes it fun and interesting . the lobby and public spaces are modern but very comfortable . the bar was hopping every night , very much a lounge setting . i did use the wireless for my computer and they use t-mobile at N a day , this is not included in the room fee ( they also have hard wire connections ) . the highlight was started each day with breakfast ( for no additional charge ! ) everyday . its not one of those insane buffets , you order from the menu and literally whatever you want . order eggs , pancakes and french toast ? yup , they take it all off the check at the end . they have indoor and outdoor seating as well . oddly enough , i got a message on the phone one afternoon that our breakfast was comped because we had to wait a bit that morning to get our order taken and were sorry for that . that is the act of a hotel that takes its business seriously . the only issue i had was that when we checked out all the tips i had left at breakfast were wiped out along with the food costs , so i had them add the money back to my bill as they apparently all pool tips . the service at the hotel was quite attentive , from the restaurant to the doormen , with one exception . we have found that one of the best ways to see almost any city is on a bicycle , and chicago is no exception . we covered so much ground in one day it was insane , and you are not so exhausted at the end of the day you can t sit up for dinner . so the bed hotel incident was when we came back to the hotel at one point to grab something one of the valets coming out of the garage with a car almost took out my boyfriend on the bike , it was so close he had to drop the bike in front of the car and get out of the way , the guy just did not look before he pulled out like a bad out of hell . no one was hurt and i am not all that sure the valet understood what happened as his english was rather limited . that was the only issue , there are a lot of people coming going in that area , their entrance is fairly tight , so they should just be more careful in general . so , the bike tour first i can t say enough about the chicago greeter program ! this is a service the city offers where you can hook up with someone that lives in chicago that will give you a personalize tour for free ! who better to show you the town than the locals ? ! you can pick from a variety of tours or request your own , which is what i did . we asked for a bike tour of neighborhoods . you can certainly get these from the bike touring companies ( and i have done those before ) but nothing beats the personal service and touch of this program . aside from its free , as in their service if free and the bike rental was free , insane ! they get the bike from the same company everyone else rents but the fee is waived through the greeter program . who knew ! we took the train down to the park and walked the rest of the way . marshall was there waiting for us and we got on our way . interesting to note on this chicago greeter program they like you to book at least N weeks in advance and it was needed for the custom program i requested ( no big deal ) but they all have greeter on demand ( or something like that ) on the weekends , so you can go in there and get someone if they are available . i think there are like N volunteers in this program , many of them retirees , and its just a really fun way to learn more about the city as opposed to some canned script . we toured around for about N hours and saw much of chicago that i had not seen before . again , on the bike you can see all of grant and millennium parks in a fraction of the time to walk it , and stop along the way when you like . also , what is fabulous about chicago is mayor daley and his serious commitment to biking as transportation . there are bike lanes on streets , racks on all buses , bike route map for the city streets and bike directional signs on the streets it makes a big difference . you can really feel comfortable that even if you don t know the city you can make your way around without being too intimidated . from there we then rented the bikes for another N hours ( this we had to pay for ) and rode all over the place . we trekked out to wicker park and bucktown , we definitely got the neighborhood feel out there . walked through a mass of eclectic shops had a bite and headed back through lincoln park ( lots of nice shopping ) very nice area . then through more parks and out to the shore and then returned the bikes . it was awesome fun ! so much we would have never seen on foot alone . for highlights on the weekend we went to one of the most expensive restaurants of my life , spiaggia , but the food service was pretty darn excellent . they do courses , which i love , because you get to try so many flavors without being so full you can t breath at the end of the evening . the waiter even suggested a great wine that was under N , no small task when bottles went as high as N . was a great way to kick off the weekend on the first night . around the corner from the hotel on rush st is downtown dog , a take out hotdog place that is just the bomb , always have to hit that when i go to chicago . one night was dinner up rush street at carmines ( i thin ) it was really late when we ate so finding a place was not that easy , food was great , i have been there before as well . one night we headed south of the loop to the chicago firehouse in search in steak . this place is nice , an old firehouse that has been restored , very cool space also has outdoor seating . the food as good , not over the top fabulous , but the change of scenery was nice , apparently mayor daley moved down to this emerging part of town and hangs there a lot . our waiter noel was excellent , has been there since they opened , the service all around was quite good . and closed it out with a game at wrigley field ! great fans and the mini-stadium seating on top of the houses surrounding the ball park was something you have to see in person ! 
our company held a two day meeting for over N of our employees and we couldn ' t have been happier with choosing the holiday inn . we had many other hotels to choose from that were giving us excellent deals for their hospitality , however , the holiday inn gave us a rate we couldn ' t refuse . they made sure their service and preparations were impeccable . i have to admit our expectations were very high and we were very high maintenance before and during the meeting , but the hotel went above and beyond our call . many of our employees stay at high-end hotels on previous stays and everyone was really impressed with the service , decor , food and overall hospitality . we couldn ' t have been happier or more grateful with choosing the holiday inn . as a former event manager , i have high expectations of hotels . the holiday inn exceeded every one of them . 
this hotel is well situted for downtown chicago , but is really very basic , and not what i expected . the rooms ( allocated to me and my group ) were very small , dark , with little daylight , backing on to a multistory car park . there were no hotel facilities at all ! only vending machines . no bar , cafeteria , restaurante , business center , nothing . a disappointing continential breakfast was served on the first floor in a small area with only N or N tables , and a funny kind of sofa arrangement . there was not enough space for all the guests wanting to take breakfast to sit down , and many had to stand up . the plates , glasses and cutlery were all plastic . the second day we all went out for breakfast . i guess this place would be okay for low budget travellers with low expectations , but it is by no means a mid-class establishment . 
have stayed at this hotel on many occasions for a girls getaway at christmas . we all love it and is a great location . staff is extremely helpful and rooms are always neat and clean . we plan on being back in dec . of this year . we are all looking forward to a comfortable stay . thank you marriot staff . 
we were looking for a uber trendy hip hotel as we are not keen on the large chains . we booked the tranquilitysuite ( please note every floor has one - its the corner suite N sq ft ) which was fine - N small balconies although views not great ( and we were on Nrd floor ) . the bed is so amazingly comfortable and overall service good - just not great . the roof top bar club is a bit lame and shoddy decor and sushi restuarant on ground floor nothing special at all . however the staff were nice and friendly ( tj the bell hop is great and a font of all necessary knowledge ) , spa is ok ( small gym no pool ) breakfast is typical american ( N per person vochers per day provided ) , location pretty good so yes overall more than acceptable - just not great ! 
we stayed at the w lakeshore for N nights . the room was average , although the bathroom products ( bliss because they have a bliss spa on site ) were a real plus . the bathrooms are very small though . the w tries too hard to be laid-back and our experience was that this was reflected in the service provided , especially by the almost horizontally laid-back concierge service . there ' s little enthusiasm about them ( there were N of them ) and on the N occasions we used them , each time there was a problem , culminating in us turning up to a restaurant , luckily with our booking confirmation printed out , only to find that there was no reservation . lots of posing going on in the bar in the evenings and the whisky sky bar on the top floor is a must just for even one drink as you won ' t believe you ' re arrived at the right place , when you think of the hype surrounding this below-par place . it does have a good view of the navy pier but that ' s it and it ' s about the size of my living room and i don ' t live in a big . house . the hotel did provide a free car service to take you anywhere in the city which was good . you get complimentary coffee in the lobby , but then you don ' t get coffee-making facilities in your room . you ' re only a N min walk to the main shopping area and the navy pier and small beach are very close ( although most locals don ' t recommend getting in the water ) . also , it is a pet-friendly hotel . all in all , our first stay at a w hotel was not worth the hype , i ' m afraid . 
this was our first trip to chicago , and this hotel was wonderful . the location was great we could walk right down to the river or to some of the city ' s many attractions . we enjoyed the pool and hot tub every day , and the fitness center looked very nice ( altho we didn ' t use it ) . especially nice was the included bountiful breakfast each morning -- eggs , cereal , yogurt , and even make your own waffles ! our room was comfortable and clean . my only regret about the room was that i wish there was a dresser or something with drawers for our clothing . also , the hotel staff was friendly and helpful . i would definitely return ! 
a big thank you to the front desk staff and one of the manager ' s for your assistance upon arriving at the hotel . we had a few minor issues which were taken care of immediately and with such professionalism . we are also very thankful of the extra attention given to our son ! we cannot say enough about this hotel . it was so clean , staff was so courteous , the doormen were so helpful and our stay was wonderful . we highly recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to stay in a great location , easily accessible to some of the best shopping chicago has to offer . the parking was also very convenient . thanks again four points by sheraton ( downtown chicago ) for a great stay and we will be sure to visit again on our next trip to chicago . 
i stayed here in july with my husband and my sister her family . my sister had a suite , while we had a regular room . the furnishings were great - contemporary and minimal , the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was newly renovated ( love the rain showerhead ! ) . the one thing i didn ' t like about the bathroom - the door to the bathroom was a pocket door ( ie . it slides into the wall ) . its great to conserve space , however the door didn ' t close all the way . there ' s a little crack which you can see through to the room ( about an inch gap ) . not a huge issue if its just you and your partner . but might be a little awkward if you were to share the room with friends . there ' s also free wi-fi in the lobby . the building ' s architecture is beautiful ( as are most buildings in chicago ) . its located not too far from millenium park . its a Nmin walk to museum campus and perhaps a N-Nmin leisurely and scenic walk to the pier ( the children ' s museum is awesome ) and magnificent mile . the blackstone is a great location for families with kids - its close to the action but not too close . across the street at the park , they have free open air salsa concerts in the summer . the tapas restaurant downstairs ( the name escapes me ) was excellent , albeit a little pricey . there ' s a starbucks downstairs ( if you ' re into that ) and a few decent brunch places within a N block radius . overall i thought it was a great introduction to chicago . i would definitely stay here again . 
just returned from a weekend stay at the sofitel in chicago . i stay in hotels on a weekly basis for business leisure . upon entering our room i was greatly disappointed , there was an odor very similar to body odor , stale linens . the room was stuffy and we adjusted the theromstat before going shopping . also noticed the mini-frig was hot and non-functioning . upon return we dressed for dinner and i called the front desk to let them know about the stuffiness in the room that had not improved with the thermostat adjustment and the refrig . upon return from dinner neither the refrig or air in the room was working . i called the front desk and was immediately moved to another room per our request . the location is fabulous , very near michigan ave , many delicious restaurants and rush street , the mattress pillows were above average and comfortable and the bathroom is a perfect size . try the goddess market on the north side of the block for a quick delicious breakfast lunch . would most likely not stay at this facility again due to the smell air issues , too much trouble to deal with these type issues in a supposedly N-star facility . 
i ' ve been to the doubletree in chicago a couple of times in the past N years and it ' s a nice hotel they had an update to the rooms in the past year . meeting rooms on the second floor are a bit small but other then that a nice hotel at a good price
we ' ve been to chicago several times but this was our first stay at the wyndham . the room rate during spring break was under N which was awesome . we loved the location being so close to michigan ave . we were allowed to upgrade our room upon check-in and were even given the lower online rate . we needed a roll away bed which was given to us at no charge . the corner king room that we had was very spacious for a family of N . the concierge was very helpful in recommending places for lunch . overall , the staff were very gracious . the hotel bar was very comfortable for relaxing after a day of shopping . i think this will be our hotel of choice for future trips to chicago . 
excellent location , tons of excellent restaurants withing walking distance , great bars , rooms is comfy , quiet and roomy - love the layout with a separate work area and " bedroom " . all the amenities , fridge , microwave , big flat screen , wireless or wired internet , big bathroom and the beds are nearly as comfy as mine at home . springhill has great corporate rates with us and is my go to hotel for overnight stays in chicago . i spend N-N nights per month and when i ' m at the springhill i know that i ' ll have a great experience ( marriott staff are always excellent but the team at the springhill are some of their best ! ) and be well rested . 
we just needed a place to stay for the night , after an event we attended . . . . well i can not remember what floor we stayed in , the room was very nice . . . everything in the place was magnificent , except for the service . . . the people from there kept on barging in since we got there . . . they told us they had a water problem with the room above us . . . we did not see any water come into our room . . . we asked then if we could be moved . . . we were told the hotel was booked solid . . . no other rooms available . . . well just great , we had workers trying to come into our room at all hours , as if they had moved us out . . . hate the place just for that experience ! ( 
we stayed at the hard rock N N N-N N N . had a great stay . only problem was the room was small ( limited closet space ) and the shower leaked water on the bathroom floor and onto the carpeted room each time we showered . the china grill bar restaurant was good . conciere recommended pizza delivery was good . location and bellstand service was outstanding . 
enjoyed our one night stay at the conrad would return again . very clean , updated , comfortable . loved the different pillow choices . staff service was excellent great location
the hilton chicago is a huge hotel and a very busy one too . the lobby area and rooms are very grand and somewhat colonial . the rooms were not awesomely huge but they were comfortable and conform to hilton standards . navigating the guest floors ' corridors were like navigating a maze but that adds to the excitement of being in one of chicago ' s most historical hotels that have housed countless dignitaries from all over the world . location wise , you ' re right across from the picturesque grant park and there is a free shuttle to the mag mile shopping district albeit they can do better with a larger bus or more frequent runs . 
i stayed here for a short weekend trip and was very pleased with my stay . the best thing about the hotel is its location -- just a couple blocks from michigan ave and near lots of nice stores , perfect for a chicago shopping trip . also the room rate ( from the hotel ' s website ) was pretty low compared to comparable hotels in the area . the room was not huge , but generally nice though , the bathroom was small and could use some updating . my only real negative comment is the service . the front desk personnel seemed uninterested in serving guests and often left me standing there while they shuffled papers before looking up to acknowledge me . however , given the location , price and quality of the hotel in general , i would definitely stay there again . 
the room was very spacious with a big kitchen and comfortable sofa . the complimentary breakfast in the morning sealed the deal . it was very close to the mag mile for great shopping ! stay here . 
wife won a free overnight stay from work . not being familiar with downtown chicago we were like deer in headlights gps barking out orders - . traffic pedristrians everywhere and this was a thursday evening at Npm . seeing that we were clearly out of towners the bell man came right over to help we were in the cab stand area . took our bags advised where parking was and walked us thru the check in area procedure everyone was really overly helpful and everone was super friendly hotel room was very nice , roomy and quiet we could have driven to greek islands restaurant but chose to take a cab . i realize that it s downtown but all and all with N . N for parking , N dollars each way to the restauant and misc tips to the hotel staff , our free overnight cost almost an extra N . N freebee cocktails -managers reception - and excellant cook to order free breakfast probaby evened things out the location is ideal for people wanting to see the city as it is in the heart of chicago . 
this hotel is in an absolutely fantastic location . it is within walking distance of the lakefront and most of downtown . it is also very close to trains and buses to get you wherever else you need to go in chicago . it is older , but our room was still very nice . the breakfast buffet at the gazebo restaurant onsite is good as well as the bar just off the lobby . the only downside was that we were on the back side of the hotel and were woken up at Nam our last night by the garbage truck emptying the dumpsters . overall though it was a great place to stay and i would stay again . 
my daughter and i arrived at the hotel early saturday morning ( beforeN N a . m . ) on feb . Nth to attend a wedding . upon communicating to the front desk personnel , i was slightly thrown aback by their overall excellent customer service . they answered many of my questions and a few that they couldn ' t immediately answer but searched until they satisfied my inquiries . i can ' t recall the young ladies name who assisted me but she gave me a " warm and fuzzy " feeling - really displaying a welcoming demeanor as if to say she is glad my daughter and i would be staying at their ( swissotel ) hotel . the room was just magnificent ! the linen and comforter on the beds were very comfortable which gave my daughter and i a pleasant night ' s sleep ! also , when we checked out very early - mon . morning - before N N a . m . , the young lady who assisted me displayed a very charming disposition as well . unfortunately , i can ' t recall her name either . and , the young man ( doorman ? ) who was readily available during that time and who also summoned a cab for my daughter and i - i think his name is ? clarence ? calvin ? or a name that begins with the letter " c " - he was extremely charming and helpful as well . what a very fine team the swissotel has assembled at this location . if i have to fly into downtown chicago again , i would definitely choose the swissotel ! not only because of the excellent customer service we experienced , but for the overall location and price ! 
this will be the third time we ' ve states at the palmer house hilton and i doubt very much that we will ever stay elsewhere in chicago . though for some reason the place felt a little shabby this time ? ? the lobby is magnificent but looked like it could do with a spring clean and the room was pleasant albeit a tad basic compared to the last two times . we did have a lovely view from the window though and the location is fantastic and handy for the el train to and from the airport . 
we stayed in this hotel for N nights and chose it due to it ' s central location and good rates compared to other hotels in the area . the location is brilliant , and as long as you don ' t expect too much from a budget hotel , it ' s fine . our room was basic and a bit shabby , but clean . it was very noisy due to the l train right outside , i don ' t think you could stay for more than a few nights unless you can sleep through a lot of noise ! the hotel seemed secure enough but i agree with other reviewers that i might not stay on my own as a female , just because there were often a few people around the outside of the hotel at night . i think if you ' re in a couple or a group it wouldn ' t be an issue . overall , good value for money given how easy it is to get around the city . 
my fiance and i traveled here to celebrate our engagement in january N . the hotel is in a perfect location , right by most of the big chicago destinations and restaurants . the hotel is very sleek and cool , with very nice bathrooms . brian , the concierge , was amazing in consistently coming through with great recommendations . every night the hotel does a turndown service , which is very nice as well . the highlight of the hotel for us was the bed , which had to be the most comfortable bed my fiance and i have ever slept in , at least in recent memory . there were only a few slight negatives but they were easily overlooked the water from our sink wasn ' t clear , and our television ' s sync was off by a frame . before you book be sure to look around online for better prices , i was able to score a junior suite at a simply awesome price . this hotel is very nice , beautiful , and highly recommended . also recommended the signature lounge at the top of the hancock building , the drawing room for drinks , the coq d ' or in the drake hotel , and topolbampo for dinner . 
an over-the-top staff , a bathroom bigger than some hotel rooms , a bed that looks and feels like a cloud , a theatre sized flat screen tv . comfort , charm , cheap ( N on early bird ) - why would we ever stay anywhere else ? 
the lobby bar is like sitting in an art gallery ! very busy ! service at tables very slow ! waited a long time to order , get drinks and even longer to just pay our bill ! sit at the bar instead ( if you can get a seat ) ! tim marty were full of knowledge on where to go in chicago ! we loved all of thier reccomendations ! tim even got us a reservation at a restaurant that was full when we called ! we were all very impressed about the knowledge of the hotel ' s history that he knew ! it is nice to see people that enjoy ones job and share that with thier customers ! we only stayed at the palmer for one day , because they were sold out , but we went to the palmer everyday for happy hour and reccomendations all week we were in town ! the doorman ( i believe his name was patrick ) remembered us everytime ! 
i must say that i was rather shocked about what a nice hotel this was , particulalry for the money . i felt that it was comparable to the westin , which is saying a lot for a sheraton . the staff were extremely helpful and friendly . certainly a very nice stay and would highly recommend . 
mr husband and i recently stayed at the hotel monaco in chicago . we were extremely pleased with the customer service at this hotel . the staff is friendly and helpful , even going so far as to hand us umbrellas as we headed out the door on a rainy day . rooms are clean , and boast a hip decor . i especially loved the plush animal-print bath robes , available to each guest . turn down service was a bonus . we arrived back to the hotel each evening to find ice in our ice bucket , the bed turned down with chocolates on our pillows , relaxing jazz music playing in our room , and the lights dimly lit . wow ! in addition , the wine hour each evening made our stay over the top . this hotel is conveniently located to the magnificent mile and restaurant district . we ' ll definately stay with kimpton properties in the future . thanks hotel monaco for a grand experience . 
you can do much better than this hotel for a stay in downtown chicago . location only for conventions . the only reason to stay here is its proximity to mccormick place convention center . it would not be suitable for anyone staying in chicago for tourist reasons , as there are far more nicely situated hotels in " the loop " for the same price or less . value my room was N , aaa rate . interestingly , i was told that N was the cheapest rate at the hotel by two different staff , yet when i requested aaa rate , both people dropped the rate by N . they did not ask for my aaa card at check in . room average . standard chain hotel , with the awkward surprise of the " closet " being built out into the room and closed off by shower curtains . bathroom small , with below-average amenities . room size adequate . long distance view from Nth floor but it was a south side room , facing away from the loop , so the view was not very interesting . noisy room distinct noises from hall and adjoining rooms - slamming doors , running water , flushing toilets , ice dispenser . the room was very clean . restaurants unacceptably poor . this is not in a part of town surrounded by nightlife and restaurants . i would not walk outside alone after dark . you are pretty much stuck here unless you want to drive . at N N tonight when i went down for dinner , the restaurant was closed for a private function . the pizza restaurant was also closed - N N N hours early . the guest guide said it would close at Npm , but it had closed at N N . therefore , at N Npm there was no open restaurant - just room service or a crowded and boisterous bar ( not an appealing choice for a tired , hungry , older female ) . the hotel should not have closed the pizza restaurant early when the only other restaurant was privately booked . service i agree with the earlier reviewer jujuN who said the service is terrible . exception erik at the front desk was terrific at check in . no other staff approached his level of service . the staff in the halls avoided my smile . the concierge desk seemed to think i was out of line for complaining about the lack of any restaurant at suppertime . i was on hold N minutes when i finally called room service , and was told it would take N minutes to bring up my salad . the room service staff were unresponsive to my complaint about the lack of a restaurant . overall this reviewer travels a great deal , and know that any hotel can deliver uneven results . however the uniformly lackluster aspects of this hotel , its poor location , noisy and odd rooms , and abysmal customer service would all keep me from recommending it to anyone unless they must stay at the convention center . 
we brought our church youth group here aug N-Nth , a group of N . the hotel did a great job accomidating all of us and all of our needs . the hotel had issues with flooding the wk before so the pool was out and the gym was also . those were obviously things that no one could control but the hotel did partner with a gym across the street that allowed all hotel guest to use their facility , which was great . there are no connecting rooms , but they do provide a shuttle to the airport , parking isnt free , but no hotel in chicago is . we were treated greatly and will return when we come to the chicago area ! ! 
we stayed at the trump in new york a couple of years ago and that was fantastic , so we had high hopes for their chicago property . we were delighted to discover that this hotel is as good as its manhattan sibling . this hotel has an unbelievable air of calm and serenity - which is obvious from the moment you step through the doors . i commented on it to the check-in agent , such was the contrast from the hustle and bustle of the airport and the city itself . every member of staff we dealt with was professional , charming and efficient , from the doormen to the reception staff and concierge . every time we walked through the doors after a day ' s shopping or sightseeing , we were personally welcomed back . this was a nice touch , and the way all hotels should be . it costs nothing , and this type of old fashioned courtesy stands out a mile in today ' s sterile , robotic world . the room we stayed in didn ' t have a river or lake view , but it was bright and airy , spotlessly clean , modern and well appointed , with full kitchen and oversized bathroom . evening turndown service included a complete towel re-fresh , tidy up of the room and complimentary water and slippers . check in and check out were effortless and stress free . none of the usual hassles involving phantom charges and so on that seem to be the norm these days . we did not have the opportunity to use the fitness centre or swimming pool , but these were both included in the cost of the room . i would recommend this hotel to anyone , and would definitely return . 
overall not a good stay at the palmer house hilton . first room looked old and faded . the bathroom was so small that one person in the bathroom could barely close the door by leaning off to the side and then slowly closing the door . we asked to be moved . the next room also was old and faded and quite a lot smaller than the first room . but the bathroom was about twice the size . now , twice the size means it was still a very small bathroom but at least one person could easily utilize the sink , shower and the toilet . there was still no place to put toiletries . when first checking in , i asked if there was a possible upgrade for me ( i was with my wife and daughter ) . i am hiltonhhonors diamond and usually get upgraded to executive level or to a suite at a hilton hotel . she responded in a rude tone that i would surely like the room i was in . it turned out to be the miniature bathroom room . the room did not have enough towels for three people . called down and they brought up extra towels . next day room was again not supplied with enough towels . called down and they were brought up . next day was the same . it does not seem like a big deal but how many times do you have to ask for enough towels . the hotel provides in and out self parking with a garage next door . they validate a ticket for the in and out after we paid N per day for parking . twice the validation did not work and i either had to pay an extra N or get another ticket at the garage and then get it validated again at the front desk . both times the front desk staff acted if if it was my fault as if i had not validated the ticket . hotel is under construction and there are a few inconveniences involved with that but construction is a temporary issue and i cannot fault that . over all , there was just not a feeling that the hotel staff or the hotel cared that we were guests or that we were regular hilton customers . i do not think we will stay here again . there are many other choices in chicago . 
i just stayed at the double tree ( on ohio street ) with my husband and our N year-old niece . we arrived N hours prior to check-in and we were pleased that they let us check in early . the front desk people very friendly . the room was clean and had all of the amenities we expected . we had lunch at timothy o ' tooles right across the street and it was pretty good ( italian beef fish and chips ) . when we were discussing where we might eat a hotel employee happened to notice and he offered up several suggestions ( was very nice--we opted for close because we were starving ) . after lunch we walked to water tower place and shopped along michigan ave , so the hotel location is convenient . we stopped at a nearby dunkin donuts for a liitle coffee and took a short taxi ride to park west for a concert . when we returned at midnight we realized we needed more pillows , called the front desk and had them within N minutes . we also requested help ordering a pizza and they suggested a place that was fantastic . we will definitely stay at this hotel again . very pleasant , clean and a great price ! 
the drake is realy one of those timeless hotels . even though it is dated in age , and now one of those chanes that tend to strip all personality from a hotel , the drake stands out . its location is superb , right at the tip of lake michigan , and michigan ave . the food is great , somewhat pricy but the cape cod room is worth it . the atmousphere is splendid . it was the first time i took my now fiance home from ireland , and it was perfect . i can not compliment them more on the quality . i am in the hotel industry and i tend to be picky . i don ' t think this quite makes one of ' the worlds top ' type hotels , but as far as a not about to spend a grand a night hotel , it is top of the league . 
both the w lakeshore and its staff are generally quite attractive but not at all functional . i ll start with the facilities . ( N ) the bathroom in apparently every guest room has an insubstantial wooden sliding screen for a door and a large window with flimsy wooden shutters that open directly into the bedroom . in other words , the bathroom is completely acoustically transparent to the bedroom . even if you are happy sharing a bed with someone , you will need to steel yourself to hear every last bit of noise they generate in the bathroom . ( N ) to conserve energy , the heating and air conditioning unit is on a motion sensor as confirmed by the staff , when there is no motion in the room for some period of time , the hvac shuts down . when i visited in july , this meant waking up in a sauna at least twice per night and frantically waving my arms until the air conditioner turned back on . ( N ) the latch on the room door would not catch without tightly pulling it closed , a problem that the staff said occurred in most rooms every summer when the humidity rose . ( N ) the business center did not have a single working computer when i needed to print a report for work . ( N ) finally , the entire hallway ( Nth floor ) reeked of mildew . now , the staff . ( N ) our room was not ready when we arrived at Npm , and the reception staff really did not seem to care . ( N ) they did offer to call us when a room was ready , but they never did call and we ended up wasting an extra hour waiting after the room was in fact ready . ( N ) the housekeeping department , which seems to prefer to be called the style department , made the bed with a duvet cover that was , to put it delicately , soiled by a prior ( male ) guest . ( N ) not a single staff member with whom we interacted seemed to have the slightest interest in their jobs or our stay , and we are platinum starwood members . here is , verbatim , my conversation at checkout me i d like to check out , please , room . w so did you have a nice stay ? me no , actually , it was an extreme disappointment . w ok , so i ll put that on the amex ? the view of the lake and navy pier are great if your room is on the right side of the hotel . otherwise , this hotel has absolutely nothing going for it , and it has turned me off to the entire w brand and perhaps even starwood . never again . 
we had a chance to spend N nights at the hotel monaco and we were extremely pleased . the staff were all incredibly helpful and friendly . the rooms were on the smallish side , but with the high ceilings , we never felt cramped . i loved the window seat and spent some time just staring out the window watching the world go by . i rate hotels by the cleanliness of the grout in the bathroom and our room was clean and bright . i would definitely stay here again ! we took the complimentary shuttle to the horseshoe casino in hammond . it was very convenient and we had a great time . 
would highly recommend for families . we stayed with our N girls , aged N and N and location was great for us . is in walking distance of the theaters ( saw wicked , perfect for both girls ) and walked there , got lost on way back but that is purely my fault , same thing with am girl . anyone with a nominal sense of direction would be fine . is close to many restaurants , - frontera , harry caray , rainforest , uno ' s to name a few . we also hopped the free trolley , just down the street , that goes to navy pier . the pool area was clean with non slip mats surrounding it and a nice sun deck outside . the service was efficient and friendly , the free breakfast a big money saver , and the beds very comfy . we heard the fire trucks but didn ' t wake us up ever . we took a cab to catch the orange line to midway and had a little trouble figuring that out as the cab dropped us on the corner so it took a little longer than planned but worked out . 
stayed for N nights with my son . requested and received a N queen room . arrived at the hotel Nam . proceeded to check in to drop off bags , and was offered room already . bug thumbs up for this . room had an interior view , which i was fine with . quiet room more important than view for me . was offered a club level upgrade , but because it was my son and i declined it . overall though would be a good deal for most customers . very few negatives that i can think of . bathroom is a little small , but i was fine with this . thermostat was not accurate and or didn ' t provide accurate cooling . it almost seems like a certain brand of hotel thermostat issue , at least that is what i am starting to notice , as i had no issues in my recent stays other properties with other thermostats . big positives were super quiet room , with almost no hallway noise . great customer service was offered by everyone i encountered . in terms of location , i think you would be hard pressed to find a more public transit friendly property . i think every el line was within N blocks of the hotel . for the price offered , i would stay here again in a heartbeat . 
sheraton chicago is in a wonderful location within walking distance of so many downtown attractions including michigan ave . and the chicago river . the staff was efficient and helpful and i must absolutely recommend the deep dish pizza from room service . who would have guessed it would be one of the best meals we had in chicago ? ! ( we added spinach and bacon as our toppings ) . and use of " the link " internet lounge made staying in touch , checking in for our flight , etc . a breeze . 
my fiance surprised me with a night away from reality for our anniversary in january . the hotel is amazing - the exterior is kind of french provincial the rooms are lovely , including the bathrooms with the large walk-in showers and deep soaker tubs the doors use proximity sensors and the light switches include any and ever setting you could possible need and with labels , so you know what you ' re doing . the hotel ordered a cab and gave the directions for our dinner without my ever knowing where we off to . the staff are exemplary . when we returned from dinner , the hotel manager sent up champagne and a very nice card . i have stayed at other top N chicago hotels , and the elysian is far ahead of any of the others . 
i stayed at the westin michigan avenue last weekend and you could tell the results of the renovations were well worth the money . i stayed in a corner crown suite with a great view looking down michigan avenue . the staff was cordial and very accommodating . i was most impressed with the fresh flowers in the lobby and with how helpful the concierge was in making dinner suggestions . great hotel with a great location in a great city . 
i have always liked music themed places , so this was definitely something i ' d planned to do at some point . the hotel was good , the service was fine , just that there is nothing very special about the regular city view rooms as all the fancy things are all reserved for the suites etc . nonetheless , great weekend , would love to be back ! 
i chose this hotel as it was mentioned in my guidebook as one the oldest hotels in chicago . well , i can believe it . the decor was faded at best and chips and cracks were evident everywhere ( although the lounge area off the lobby was pleasant ) . the staff - apart from the doorman - were not particularly friendly and i certainly did not feel very welcome . my main gripe is that while there are no minibars in the rooms there is also no room service . i was told quite matter of factly that if i wished to eat - i had to leave my room for the mike ditka ' s steakhouse attached to the hotel . the restaurant is fair but far from economical . i do believe that a city hotel should offer small snacks or at least provide a refigerator to purchase one ' s own . to make matters worse my shower bath control froze on high heat and i was forced to wrap my hand in a towel and plunge my hand into the bath to release the plug in order to prevent flooding . it could not be repaired and i was moved to a smaller room that was less well situated . no compensation was offered . on the plus side the maintenance man was pleasant and helpful - even if the other staff were not . unfortunately he didn ' t have the power to obtain an equal or better room for me . all in all - the tremont lets down its own history as well as the great city of chicago . 
be sure to call the hotel for the cheaper rate . i booked online thru hotwire , and thought i received the lowest rate possible . i paid N thru hotwire but the bill i received the morning of my checkout was N . N i stayed the weekend of the Nth of july . on my checkout date i received a bill for N although i had paid online thru hotwire . i checked with guest services and they assured me that the situation would be corrected . unitl i called my credit card company the next day , and had a charge for N . N pending . not only did the charges include the room rate , but incidental fees that the hotel charged up front , and did not inform me of at check-in . when i tried to correct the situation the day time manager was so non-chalant about it because it was holiday . the end result was that i wrote the executive offices and the hotel manager about my situation . they offered me a free " upgrade " to the vip suite with full vip treatment . the hotel didn ' t even offer to reimburse the difference between what i paid thru hotwire and the rate the hotel charged if i had called directly . i declined the offer , and refuse to stay there in the future . 
after two night in hotel downtown we moved to stay here for the last night and i loved it here . nice design hotel , new , friendly staff , big room , clean , and easy to get to the airport . if i go to chicago agian i will stay here
apart from the location , great , but it stops there . upon check-in , i was informed i would have a queen bed . i asked for a king size bed , and i was told there would be a charge for going up to a king . give me a break , a surcharge for going from a queen to a king . when i got up to the room , it was like a oven . i could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service . everything in the room had a charge associated to it , even down to the coffee , N . N . now what ' s up with that ? i was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom . very small . i have stayed there twice and with so many other options , i feel this will be my last . 
nice location , clean rooms , helpful staff , good price ! 
just returned from a brief but memorable stay at the wit . i read the reviews and changed my reservation from the marriott just to see what the buzz was about . i wasn ' t disappointed . first class check in . professional , courteous and very friendly . gave my sister and i the lay of the land and offered suggestions on a place to find a costume for halloween . they were hosting an event with a N , N cash prize ! had drinks at the roof . nick our bartender couldn ' t have been nicer . he remembered us by first name when we went back later in the evening - how often does that happen anymore ? bellmen and doormen were the best ! huge smiles , welcomed us back every time we entered the hotel . just an all around nice feeling . i would highly recommend treating yourself to this hotel . 
i would only recommend this hotel if you are a very heavy sleeper . my teenage children slept through all the sirens and honking from the fire engines and ambulances from the station across the street , but i always heard them leaving and returning throughout the night . the front desk will supply you with ear plugs , but that didn ' t make a difference . as for the room - we ended having a closet door removed because of a broken mirror . there were black scuff marks on the wall paper and the covers on the baseboard heaters were bent out of shape in several areas . we had a corner suite with a kitchen , full size fridge , dining area , microwave , N cooking units with dishes and utensils and a few cooking supplies . there was a flat screen tv in the living area and bedroom . it was a very large suite considering we were in the middle of downtown chicago . breakfast in the morning was ok . lots of bagels , toast , muffins , juice , fruit , coffee and tea . i don ' t recommend the perfectly shaped round rubber eggs nor the biscuit . the staff were very friendly and helpful . N - N min . walking distance to millenium pk , navy pier and water tower place . 
we stayed here on a " deal " and were very pleasantly surprised . the staff was outstanding in terms of helpfulness with our questions about chicago . housekeeping and maintenance also gave prompt attention to needs such as delivering a hair dryer to the room and fixing a remote control on the wide screen tv . free coffee in the lobby ( which we brought into the on-site restaurant to finish and they didn ' t mind ) . comfortable room , free internet ( if you sign up for the free rewards program with kimpton hotels ) . the l is just N . N blocks away so we took it out to various sites . 
my husband and i stayed here overnight during the thanksgiving break away from relatives and kids and were very pleased with the choice . it ' s one of the few ( maybe only ) downtown chicago hotels that offers free parking and is well located to walk to interesting restaurants and michigan avenue shopping . the hotel has a nice indoor rooftop pool ( but not jacuzzi . . slightly disappointing ) and well-appointed rooms and everything ' s very clean . . the room decor is distinctive and pleasing ( cool greens grays ) and staff friendly if not fully informed ( a desk clerk recommended a restaurant that had been out of business for N months and a bill for the night got slid under our door though we ' d booked via skoosh-- a mistake readily remedied but shouldn ' t have happened ! ) also internet was down part of the time . but that may not happen often we talked to a self-identified business traveler on the ( small ! ) elevator who volunteered that he ' d stayed there repeatedly over a number of years and always been satisfied . to avoid city garbage truck noise that other posts warn against , we requested a room on the top ( Nth ) floor . the noise did wake me anyway , but not for long , and probably unavoidable in a cty . the hotel was quiet inside although fully booked and with some families . booking tip we had got what we thought was a best possible rate by booking with a discount service about N weeks in advance . i felt glad of the foresight when i checked again about N days in advance with the hotel website ( as we could cancel the other booking ) , for the hotel was totally sold out . but , surprisingly , the bill slipped under the door was for N . less than we ' d paid ! another time we ' d find the best refundable rate well in advance but check about N-N weeks in advance directly on the hotel site , which might offer the best deals . we ' ll in any case likely stay here again , which we can ' t say about many of the hotels in the north-of- chicago-loop area we ' ve tried . 
i was there for a bachelor party and the hard rock provided the perfect setting . the service was terrific and the rooms were stylish with tremendous views . thanks ! 
i attended a wedding this last weekend and decided to also stay at this hotel for four nights to take advantage of a special wedding rate that was extended to me . i had a room on the Nth floor ( N is the top floor i believe ) and it had ample view of the city , other large buildings , city life , etc . proper sun shade drapes were in place . . . although nothing allowed us to escape the blaring sirens that are almost constant in city life . someone really needs to talk to the chicago fire department to tone down all the unnecessary noise they make . the room was medium in size , very well laid out with a separate dressing area and very large bathroom . all lights , utilities , furniture , art , rugs , tile , bathroom , etc , were completely modern , clean , and well maintained . extremely high tech , yet simple to use , lighting , air system , safe , phone , dvd , tv , stereo , tv in bath tub , etc . makeup mirror , safe , mini bar , etc . they have a one hour service to remove wrinkles in your clothing , or they will bring you an iron , a board , spray can and spray water . . . all very clean and now , so your clothes wont be ruined . turn down service is done nightly . all requests for room clean and do not disturb are electronic and not paper hang based . we lives strangely in the room and did not want the room cleaned until Npm each night when we left for dinner . they respected our do not disturb electronic sign and never once did they knock or call trying to get us to have the room cleaned . never once did we hear noise in the hall way , including never hearing any knocks on someone else ' s door , etc . there were many subtle and not so subtle high tech things throughout the room . . . each were very impressive and useful . during the room clean , if you had a cable wire plugged in ( like a phone charger ) they would even roll it up nicely as if it was brand new . each night during turn down service they also set your slippers on each side of the bed and placed them on a cloth mat . the bathrobes were long enough for a change , very clean , and very comfortable . the towels were extremely white , plush , and perfect in every way . there was a scale , hair blower , and plenty of high quality soap shampoo . the service was incredible in every way . if you ask someone where something is , they take you there . we requested a Npm check out time and that was not a problem at all . the spa was very clean and the people who work there are very respectful and helpful in every way . the gym was constantly being cleaned , even though it was already clean . they offered water and fruit , cold towels , stretching room , modern equipment , yoga paraphernalia , etc . i believe there was a pool , but i did not use it . i will separately review their restaurant and catering food separately . . . but i will say here that they were all N star . i cannot wait to go back and i was unhappy to leave . lastly , the concierge was dead on with everything they assisted with . this is a dog friendly hotel and you will see some of the cutest dogs walking through the lobby . . . often being walked by a member of the hotel staff , dressed as a bell boy , with white gloves , taking the pooch our for a walk . very impressive , cube , and rich ! 
when i was trying to ask the receptionist questions , she stopped me several times and there was even no eye contact or any explanations when she did that . when i just wanted to double check with her which of my credit card would be charged for second night ( i booked two rooms for two nights for me and my business friends , and i used two credit cards to pay ) , she stopped me again and spoke to me rudely , so i couldn t put up with her , then i requested to speak to her supervisor or any other staff . what happened next is she yelled at me saying , i am not going to deal with you , and then she slapped the keyboard , turned back and walked in the room behind her . i even wrote an email to the hotel ' s customer service staff afterwards . there is no apology , no explanation , no follow-up whatsoever , and it looks like there is nothing to the w hotel . if you want to get humiliated in public , please come to stay at this w hotel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! more info about this hotel no coffee or any complimentary drink snack provided , and its rooms are very small , maybe even smaller than master suite bathroom in your house . there is no view at all my room was at N floor and only N-N feet away from a office building ( i could see clearly people doing in that building , and vice versus ) . the lobby is crowded and loud . 
my husband i stayed at the fitzpatrick in early june N for my birthday-great hotel ! location provides easy walking to navy pier , marshall field , michigan avenue john hancock . room seemed spacious even though its only about N sq ft . lots of room in bathroom comfortable bed very quiet , upscale hotel . we would definitely stay here again ! 
the omni is all suites and has a great location . i found it to be very clean and the service was good . the only downside that i had was the bed was just ok , but other than that i would stay here again . 
the hotel was in a nice location , pretty high end . the elevators did run a little slow and broke down once during our stay . that wasn ' t that big of a deal to our group . the rooms were nice , if on the small side , as well as comfortable and clean . what was a big deal was the very incorrect bill we got on our last morning . we were charged N for parking that we didn ' t use . the bill was eventually corrected but it took an hour and a half to locate the manager ! ! beyond frustrating ! there seemed to be a total breakdown of communication between the staff and management , i was beginning to wonder if a manager existed . he came running after us as we stood on the curb grumbling waiting for a cab . great price on hotwire , now i know why . 
i was in a corner room with one double bed ( as reserved ) , and everything was clean and comfortable . though the room was not spacious , it was ample for my needs , with an adequately comfortable chair and also a desk and desk chair . the wifi was free and worked well , and the bathroom facilities were fine . i would describe the hotel ' s overall style as a " well maintained classic " ( rather than , say , modernistic or ' Ns-ish ) . if what you ' re looking for is a clean , agreeable and hassle-free stay , this is a good choice . the location , one block from michigan avenue and N minutes from the subway , also help make it a good place to stay while in chicago . 
i stayed at the allerton for valentine ' s day weekend N ' . i must say it was a very nice hotel . although small , staff was very friendly and accomodating . we originally booked a i believe they refer to it as a " mini " room . . ( dont quote me ) but they upgraded us free of charge to a normal size king bedroom . the hotel is located in a great location ! michigan ave . shoppers paradise . nice restaurant , nice staff , nice room service . reasonable price for a short notice trip . . ( booked with orbitz . com ) would stay here again , would reccomend . 
my husband and i went to chicago this week-end to celebrate our anniversary . we decided to stay at the ritz carlton hotel . it was everything and more that they said it would be . beautiful room , wonderful lobby , great view and spacious room . we felt totally pampered . the concierge was extremely helpful ( lauren ) . for our anniversary they sent up a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries . so , so nice . thank you ritz we will definitely be back ! 
read all reviews here so we were a little nervous , but were pleasently surprised . we paid N a night with sam ' s club membership . we only spent time in the room to sleep , but that is all we needed it for . we were within walking distance of navy pier , broadway in chicago , milineum park , sears tower the hancock building , etc . valet parked our car and we never used it again for the next N days . only complaint is the elevator was very slow small . we were on the Nth floor and it took a while for the thing to get to the lobby . room was very small but again we only used to sleep bath . i will definetly go back . the price was less than half of the next cheapest we could find . 
when arrived the bell boy was polite and took our bags , the valet drove our car away , he was also very friendly and professional . the hotel is large , modern , and spotless . the elevators were clean and very fast . we stayed on the Nth floor and had a great view , our room was pretty clean and well equipped . the air conditioner was quiet if not under powered . the restaurant listed on the website had been remodeled into N new ones . one of them had very weird combinations of food for low prices and the other had chicken breast for N in a really nice and modern atmosphere . we chose the second one and were surprised at how well the service was . next to the expensive restaurant shor or something like that there was a large sitting area and N escalators that were very intimidating and fast . a bit loud and distracting the escalators were yet again , spotless . throughout the hotel was this new age ish music playing . . . . its cool for a while but can get annoying . the exercise center has top of the line equipment and complimentary water . . . the pool is smallish and warm . overall the hotel was really nice and empty when i was there and the staff would be very nice . . . depending on how nice the tip was . 
N night weekend stay a week ago for combination of business and pleasure . room was a king park view and was as advertised in photos on this site . i was very happy with the style of the room , and spent a good amount of time in the eames chair and at the desk getting work done on day N . all service was impeccable , prompt , and highly responsive , including N room service meals ( great sushi platter from nomi ) , serveral other special requests , and car service to dinner one night . the location is right in the middle of mag mile , easy walk to river , loop , shopping , lots of great restaurants , and red line l stop N-N blocks away if you don ' t feel like hiking down to loop or further north . stopped into the nomi lounge on way out to dinner on sat night . it was definitely hopping and crowded . i can see why a table for N would have been tough ( per review below ) , but we didn ' t encounter any attitude by anyone working at this hotel - all were very gracious and helpful . also didn ' t see any indication of security issues at all , and felt completely safe walking in and around the hotel at all times . general vibe of this place was quiet , understated , with small boutique hotel feel . seemed to be mainly business guests while i was there . i would definitely go back , but might try different place next time for some variety . 
i really liked staying here . my room ( Nb ) was large , clean , and nicely decorated with a simple , meditative , clean feel . it had high ceilings , wood floors , great mouldings , super comfortable bed and sheets , candles , and a nice modern bathroom with a sauna-like option in the shower that was very relaxing , there was no tv and no phone , which is rare and a i really appreciate this decision -- it helps to break away from the stress , to focus on reading , writing , thinking , meditating ( there is free wireless internet ) . i came on a warm summer night , and there were N or N interesting restaurants with packed outdoor seating within N blocks . there is a frozen kefir store right below -- delicious -- like frozen yogurt . there is a kitchen you can share on the Nrd floor , which is an unusual feature and nice if your staying for a few days . basically , it was like staying at a friend ' s beautiful apartment in a great neighborhood . publication transportation was great a cab to north michigan avenue was N and N minutes , and i was able to flag one immediately in the morning . 
we stayed at the conrad for a couples weekend . we booked advance rates online and got a very good deal so the value was definitely high for us . the great thing about this hotel is that it ' s connected to the north bridge mall ( which includes a nordstrom ) . once we parked the car at the self park ( saves some money over valet at the hotel ) , we never stepped foot outside other than to go to dinner that night . we went shopping at nordstrom , ate lunch at the mall and then got spa services at the nordtrom spa . and if you do want to venture outside , you are right on the magnificent mile . aside from the mall aspect , it ' s a very classy hotel on its own . i would definitely stay here again and also recommend to friends . 
just stayed at this hotel with a friend and chose it from the tripadvisor ratings . walked from union station to hotel , about N . N miles , warm day but pleasant walk with light bags . check-in was fine , not many people waiting . we had a room on the Nth floor-not large , not small , very nice . the sliding bathroom door was okay , but my friend did not like the lack of privacy ( it doesn ' t close tightly , there is a gap ) . the hotel is newer , everything looked new . but we didn ' t think anything about the hotel was extraordinary . the rooftop deck was small , but wonderful on a sunny day-and at night , there was a full moon , and it was gorgeous . we didn ' t use the pool or fitness center the pool was small , but was beautiful , and the fitness center was well equipped . it was relatively easy to walk to attractions from the hotel , we went to the free monday night concert at millenium park , shopped , and went to navy pier . lots of good restaurants within walking distance . when making the reservations , no one seemed willing to negotiate a better rate , but the rate was comparablen to most in the area . all in all , we ' d probably stay again . 
we were a little concerned having read some reviews after having purchased the hotel on hotwire . we received our room at less than half of what we would have paid from any other website . the room was average in size , clean , comfortable bed and pillow , large flat screen television , in room coffee maker and hair dryer . the soap and shampoo were refilled daily . we never waited more than one minute for an elevator to our Nth floor room as we traveled during the week . the location is excellent , very close to numerous bus lines , about N blocks from the subway system , and less than one block from michigan ave . the bathroom was not spacious but was large enough for an individual to get around and was clean . a few more shelves to place personal hygiene items would be nice . in comparison , the bathroom was two times larger than a bathroom in a similar style hotel in london , england . 
i enjoy the city of chicago for many reasons , but i ve always had a difficult time finding a place to stay in the city . i ve tried a variety of the supposed luxury hotels in the area over the years , with varying results ranging from mildly annoying to wildly disappointing . the conrad chicago embodies quite the opposite phenomenon . the hotel is piled to the roof with the most courteous staff , luxurious rooms and services , and lovely away-from-home amenities that make it a welcome ( and welcoming ) destination . i was fortunate to stay at the conrad chicago hotel last fall , on a girls weekend , " and found it to be an entirely refreshing change from the run of the mill luxury hotel experience i ve had elsewhere . regardless of size , the conrad chicago was very much like a boutique hotel- where every request was catered to thoroughly and efficiently . i never would have associated the hilton name with such extraordinary luxury , based on my previous experience with the chain , until my stay at the conrad chicago . the member of the staff who deserves the highest praise , though , is peter from the concierge desk . through both travel and my work , i have dealt with , literally , dozens of different concierges in a wide array of settings and i have never encountered anyone more gracious , attentive , thorough , courteous , professional and accommodating than he is . make no mistake- the differentiator in making our stay an extraordinary one was peter . he was so key in our joy of experiencing chicago- in helping us source event tickets , making recommendations and giving advice not only about the city of chicago , but about the surrounding area and even other destinations we were continuing on to ! his assistance proved invaluable during our stay ( and beyond ! ) and made our chicago experience one we will never , ever forget ! i can most certainly guarantee that the next time i m in chicago , i will be staying at the conrad chicago . 
having had the opportunity to stay at many chicago hotels in this price range , i found the raddison blu to be a breath of fresh air . it s distinctly scandinavian flavor provides a pleasant twist on the concept of a luxury hotel . this hotel is fairly new and at the time of this writing , great deals can still be found while this hotel introduces itself to the area . the hotel was very clean , as one would expect in a newer hotel . the hotel itself shares space and some of the amenities with residents who live on the other side of the building and have a separate bank of elevators . the main lobby was spacious and understated with a gas fire feature that runs the length stone accent wall just the thing after walking around the city on a cold january evening . across from the lobby is the hotel bar and restaurant again tastefully done with a distinctly scandinavian accent . unfortunately , i did not have an opportunity to spend time in the bar or order from the hotel s menu , but i did attend an event in the hotel during my stay and the food was fantastic . from the angus sliders to the gnocchi ravioli bar , the food was well prepared and flavorful , my compliment to the chefs ! the room was not large , but it was comfortable and the view of navy pier was fantastic ! . the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was what you would expect in a luxury hotel , and combined elements of white porcelain and frosted glass that remained true to the hotel s theme . this hotel has it all , a large workout room , at least one pool that i saw , a running track and a basketball court , i wanted for nothing during my stay . . ok except for maybe one thing parking . the hotel shares parking with the resident side of the building and many of the spots in the N level parking lots are reserved . i drove up and down for N minutes before i parked questionably close , but not blocking , an exit door . some of my travel companions opted for the valet parking and that s an option . if you re driving i d recommend you do that ! 
my husband and i booked this hotel for our anniverary in july N and totally loved the experience . the staff was nice and very accomodating . the ambience and the " hipness " of the hotel were not lost on us either . the beds were to die for ! 
stayed here for two nights , july N-N . as we were coming from another hotel , we needed to either check in very early ( N am ) or store our luggage . upon our early morning arrival , there were no free rooms yet , but staff members whisked our luggage away quickly so that we could head out for a day of sightseeing . hotel about a N-N minute walk from red line . bus stops are nearby as well . property has a strange layout our second floor room was not accessible by the elevator in the main lobby area . we had to exit lobby , walk into parking garage , and use elevator in garage . our second floor also didn ' t have ice machine , necessitating another elevator ride search . other floors seemed connected - just not the second ? we didn ' t spend much time in the hotel beyond showering and sleeping as we were so busy in the city . the room itself was huge - two beds , chair ottoman , desk , dresser , and still a large empty chunk of floor space . appeared recently renovated but you could tell it was older property . overall seemed fairly clean but did notice that our socks feet were dirty after walking on carpeting . a c worked extremely well - room was downright chilly when we arrived - but unit was so noisy that - when presented with the choice of listening to the heavy thunderstorm or the ac unit for sleeping , we chose the storm and turned off the unit . luckily room stayed cool enough overnight . did not get to use pool as we arrived back too late at night , but it was large and appeared well kept . . pool opened to a rooftop deck with great city views . be sure to check it out at night or early in the morning . we never even went back to the lobby main building after checking in , so can ' t say anything about the staff , etc . no breakfast , but the rock and roll mcdonald ' s is right across the street . in addition to the usual mcdonald ' s fare , there is a small bakery counter on the second floor . other restaurants are close by so you can easily find something for breakfast before you start your day , 
small , quiet charming hotel walking distance to everything we wanted to do . lovely room with well stocked bath . breakfast conveniently located on our floor . happy hour with great snacks . extremely helpful staff . will definitely be our number one choice in chicago . 
we have a room on the Nth floor looking at the river and it is just a marvelous view . the room is large with N queen size beds , a nice roomy bathroom , and good selection of pillows . we had the concierge make all our dinner reservations and she was most helpful . we consider this an a experience . 
we were in town for new years . i last stayed here more than N years ago and was surprised by the changes . while the bricked outdoor terrace and small lobby seemed to be almost the same as i remembered from our last stay , the rooms had obviously been renovated . our room was on the Nth floor near the elevators but hardly ever heard any noise . gone were the old fashion looking wallpaper , beige everywhere , with cheap looking curtains , fake pressboard furniture , the typical polyester comforters and circa-Ns tv . instead , the room was in warm browns , the curtain was replaced by plantation shutters , there was a Nin flat panel lcd , nice wood furniture with actual headboard , and nice plush bedding with duvet . the room also had a small refrigerator with separate freezer , two complementary daily bottles of water , as well as a microwave and a kurig single-serving coffee maker with various flavors . the bath was also renovated with matching tiled floor and tub shower surround , rainshower , and even a nice , large back-lit mirror . i wish i had taken pictures of the hotel to upload so you could see all the improvements ! i didn ' t get a chance to see what the continental breakfast looked like , nor the fitness room with jacuzzi , but we were busy having fun taking in the neighborhood with unique shops , a variety of restaurants , and the nightlife of " boystown . " not to say that everything was all great . it ' s still a small hotel with limited in-house amenities . they couldn ' t see my reservation because it was not booked on the best western website ( just showed the front desk person the e-mail confirmation on my phone and it was all good ) , and the tub drained pretty slow , but what can i expect from a building that ' s probably Nyrs old . the room rate was somewhat more than the below N nt deals i could have gotten for similar or even nicer hotels in the loop or michigan ave , but the location was ideal for our purposes of nightlife and restaurants as we walked to everything and probably saved a small fortune on cabs . this is chicago after all , and parking is scarce and once you park , you almost never want to move your car . fortunately , parking was only N nt ( it was valet parking in the garage was next to hotel with in-and-out privileges ) compared to N at downtown hotels . there are two red-line train stations , each a N-Nmin walk if you want to brave the winter weather , which we did . there are many good restaurants in the area . don ' t miss ann sathers across the street for a good breakfast place . down the street is joy ' s noodle and rice restaurant for thai . pingpong was also down the street--very popular contemporary asian restaurant populated by the mostly younger and trendy crowd , waits for a table even during the week may be long without reservations , and somewhat loud with the blaring music . there are a host of other restaurants ( continental , mexican , diner , contemporary american , etc ) along broadway and several blocks west on halsted . 
we arrived and were checked in swiftly . the staff was extremely friendly and provided directions through the hotel with ease . our room was a very good size . we stayed in a premiere city view . we didn ' t have much of a view but honestly we weren ' t looking for one . the bathroom was of great size with a huge shower ! loved the bathroom . loved the bed . the bed was one of the most comfortable i have stayed in . coffee was available via the keurig which was excellent . the location rocked . right off the river and pretty central to the city . we did not eat or drink at the hotel . the only reason this hotel didn ' t get an excellent rating from me was because their lack or size lobby pool . i know that sounds kind of crappy of me but i felt cramped with everyone checking in or out along with the bell men . great for business travel . would stay again . 
we were thrilled with the hotel with kudos to the staff . it is the best value and it is close to the oriental theatre . 
we spent N nights at the drake and enjoyed a superb experience . the room was large and included a mini fridge . the bed was the most comfortable one i have ever slept in , simply luxurious . check-in and check-out was quick , and the hotel staff were most courteous . i will definetly stay there again when i visit chicago . 
the lobby was beautiful , as was the ballroom . check in was very slow , although the staff was courteous and friendly . i had looked at the rooms on line and was greatly disappointed when i opened the door . it was small and crowded with furniture ( although no easy chair in ours ) . when i opened the bathroom door , it hit the toilet . i ' ve had bigger bathrooms in a motel N . the carpet could stand replacing and the bathroom tile grout could use some professional work . the bathrooms have been well-covered by others on here . we had a " commanding view " of the next tower of the hilton , a few feet away . i had requested extra pillows , which were not there . there was no coffee or tea in our room . i couldn ' t get an answer from the front desk or housekeeping , so i called the hotel operator . she had someone bring more than enough up in just a few minutes . if you like the news , sports , and hilton chicago channels ( and a few others ) the television will be adequate . we couldn ' t find a telephone book or any other kind of directory ( i . e . churches hospitals , etc ) . the air conditioning system was apparently right outside our window and ran constantly . i will say the air conditioning our room worked very well . as other people mentioned , the internet was too expensive . i found the bed too soft . the restaurants were overpriced , but we did eat at kitty o ' shea ' s one night . i had potato leak soup ( N . N ) and my partner had shepherd ' s pie ( N . N ) . we ' ve eaten both all over the uk and didn ' t recognize either dish . the shepherd ' s pie was especially bad and seemed more like a canned beef soup ( light on the beef ) with mashed potatoes on top . there was no discernable seasoning in either dish . the service was slow , but friendly . we had trouble several times with our room key not working ( i heard other people expressing the same thing ) . the front desk assured us that it was because we had it near credit cards , cellphones or something else with a magnetic strip . what we found was the keys worked sometimes and not others . the cleaning staff was friendly and accommodating . self-parking was N a night valet parking N a night . just down the street hotel valet parking was N . the room service menu showed prices increased by N . N- N . N per item , then an N tax , a N tax , and a N . N room service charge ! so a bowl of oatmeal at N a bowl room service . . . . . the one concierge person i talked to was not friendly and i seemed to be bothering her . there just seems to be a lack of attention to detail in many areas . one upside is that buddy guy ' s legends is only a block or so away . for my money , i would go back to the fairmont . 
this hotel has a great location , and very friendly staff . however , the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition . i use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for N years . rooms have not been well maintained ( old carpets frayed at doors ) , wall paper peeling off of the walls , tv ' s from the N ' s . there is currently construction going on in the lobby area , making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door . 
if you want a beautiful , updated hotel just off michigan ave , this is an a great hotel to visit . my family lives one hour north of chicago but wanted to spend a weekend in the city . we chose the wyndham because of its proximity to michigan ave and it is one of the few hotels in the area with an indoor pool . i didn ' t eat at their restaurants , so i have no idea how the food is . the hotel staff were very attentive and the rooms were updated with comfortable beds . we were within walking distance of water tower place ( mall ) as well as many other restaurants and stores . public transportation ( trolley , cab , buses , l train ) will take you where ever you want to go . no frig in room . 
we stayed in this hotel for N nights during lollapalooza in august N , we were upgraded on the second night and that was a real plus . the first room was supposed to be a double room , but it had possibly the smallest bed i had ever seen in my life for two people . the room layout was ok but our friends that we were staying with had a similar room , same size bed but the layout of the room was so poor you couldnt even even walk past in each without bumping into one another . the second night we asked if they had a room with a larger bed , it didnt even have to be a bigger room , just a larger bed ! ! ! . the lady at reception was very helpful and advised that the only room available were held for gold card members , our friend was actually a gold card holder and so we were both upgraded - we dont know why they didnt do this on the first night- that was a bit of a mystery ! ! ! . anyway the second room was wonderful , large spacious bed , nice linens and drapes , great bathroom and even a fireplace in the bedroom . . . we were givem complimentary breakfast and appetizers in the afternoon , what a difference a day makes ! ! ! . the hotel is stunning inside , very good location to lollapalooza at grant park and i would recommend it , just ask for a room with a large bed ! ! 
the location is absolutely perfect , arguably the best location on michigan avenue . the staff was professional and friendly . we stayed in the historic tower . very nice room though our floorplan was kinda odd and a tad small . very nice and large bathroom though . we went to both the hotel bar and the seperate wine bar . both are great for hanging out and each has a cool vibe . expensive , but i guess that is to be expected . the food at the bar is typical bar grub and was decent except for the battered fish which was undercooked . that has to be my only complaint . overall , we had a great time in chicago and this hotel had a lot to do with that . 
i recently stayed at the w for a business trip . this was my first stay at a w hotel and i was impressed . i found the beds to be very comfortable and the decor in the rooms to be contemporary and relaxing . the check-in area in the lobby was a little crowded , but we enjoyed relaxing at the bar and lounge . there are many nice touches that set this hotel apart from others . our group appreciated that you could walk a couple blocks , passing under lakeshore drive , and be walking along the beautiful shore of lake michigan . service was excellent , too . 
hotel had high school swim meet team which we found out at check-in when the lobby was packed with kids . we know we were in trouble when we saw this . see some of my misses below to explain hits N . great location . you can walk N blocks to the " l " or N blocks to michigan avenue shopping . tons of restaurants in the vicinity and even a whole foods about N blocks away . N . very nice breakfast included with the room . served canadian bacon and eggs one morning and had an oatmeal machine . . . ( didn ' t like the start of breakfast at N N though , too late for us early risers ) . N . great rate , we paid around N a night which is great for the area including the breakfast . N . workout room is great . tons of equipment , modern and very nice room on the Nth floor . N . horrible parking fees , but what do you expect in chicago . N . nice to have a mini fridge and microwave , but the fridge never really was cold and did not have temperature control . N . thermostat controller was great in the room , we had air condition on since the room was very warm for some reason even though the outside temps were in the N ' s . N . room was very clean . N . great wireless internet connection . no issues and worked great . misses N . yellow bag of liquid outside the room one morning . gross and disgusting . pizza boxes were also scattered outside our room door . N . asked the front desk for a quiet room , never received one . N . asked the front desk for some extra shampoo , never received it and they just couldn ' t give it to me when i asked for it in the lobby . N . N . pool is too small to swim , whirlpool was small and old . N . after an early breakfast , we returned to our room around N N am and the maid was already in our room ? why they couldn ' t plan to clean the rooms that checked out first ? we had to wait in the hall . yes , we didn ' t place the " do not disturb " on the door , but we returned to the room by N N in the morning . N . room was very small . it is called a suite , but very small . N . room only had a shower , no bathtub . N . water pressure in the sink was horrible . takes double the time to shave due to low and controlled low water pressure . N . too much noise in the halls from the kids and the pool area was always packed . the small pool is shared by the residence inn which is attached to the springhill . N . never received my bill under my door on check-out day . i expect this from marriott ' s so i don ' t have to stand in line in the lobby . i had to stand in line in the lobby . N . too few towels . only two sets of towels were provided . i requested more towels from the hotel , still waiting for the towels . N . needed to print out airline boarding passes . had to go to the lobby which had N printer and N computers , N of which was down . computers were used by the students most of the time that i observed so i had to return to the lobby numerous times until i could gain access . once i did , i couldn ' t print since the printer had a margin issue and never was able to adjust the margins . had to waste time and print boarding passes at the airport . 
for price you recieve a very good deal . rooms are on the small side but organized very well . the rooms have a very modern feel that still allows you to be very comfortable . the hotel is clean and beds are comfy . 
if you ' re looking for a cookie cutter , sterile experience , this probably isn ' t your place . but if you want to experience an elegant throwback to an earlier era , the hilton chicago is ideal . i was here for a conference , and from check-in to check-out , this was a great experience . i had a corner room with two double beds , that was huge . i had no problems with the heat or ventilation , but loved that i could open my three windows and feel the breeze . the location is great for walks in grant park , but there aren ' t many restaurants nearby ( and the hilton ' s restaurants are nothing to write home about ) . service throughout was excellent . yes , some of the furnishings are a little dated , but that didn ' t detract from a great experience . if you ' re there , be sure to peak in to the grand ballroom which is amazing . 
i had an awful experience at the allegro hotel in chicago . with exception to the bell staff , N restaurant food quality and serivice and the security staff . i checked in to the hotel to the loud hip hop music on a lovely sunday afternoon . the front desk agent had gum in her mouth and not once did she welcome me or smile ! i got up to my room , which was the size of a shoe box and the walls were the colour of salmon . towels and bedsheets had rips in them and the water was luke warm . luckily i hurried down to the N restauarnt which was fantastic . louis , our server took very good care of us and the food quality and prices were vey very good . at the end of the night - N pm . . . there were breakfast trays laying in the corridor from the morning . the service at the lobby coffee bar is extremely slow especially when all you want is a coffee and muffin . it is also not safe as a female traveller when you have to say your room out loud infront of all the other customers waiting in line . . . this is only if i needed to sign the charges to my room . upon check out , i had the pleasure in experiencing the same agent from when i had arrived at the hotel . no smile . . . . . gum in mouth . . . humming the songs that were being blasted in the lobby and no mention of hoping that i would return . 
ok , so you can ' t find a better location but we were suprised to not find a flat screen tv in our room . also , the door was not entirely that thick , i honestly thought my wife was talking to me but it was someone outside down the hall ( that ' s how loud it was ) . also , request a room far from the elevators as they are loud as well . overall , a very nice hotel but the noise and the minor details of it not being what we expected were a little disappointing . very friendly staff . 
some of the nicest employees--bell desk , concierge , front desk , restaurant--you ' ll ever meet . a big city hotel--and a very nice one , but not a " big city " feel from the employees . beautiful rooms , close to everything , helpful employees--it ' s all you could ask . and , if you ' re eating breakfast there , you ' ve gotta try the creme brulee french toast--it ' s the best french toast i ' ve ever eaten ! 
we decided to stay at the four points on our trip to chicago , i don ' t think we will go anywhere else in the future , four points has it all ! first , the rooms were quiet clean and roomy . the staff was friendly , helpful , flexible , accomodating and courteous . the hotel comes with a pool , hot tub and work out room . a restaurant is also conveniently located in the hotel . the hotel offered a free bottle of water . the location cannot be beat , just one block from the magnificent mile we were close to the water tower place , shopping , attractions , navy pier , the famous chicago uno ' s pizza is kitty corner along with trader joes , hard rock , and rain forest cafe . business conference rooms were ideal for business also , and although i was traveling with children , i would consider coming back with my business team . parking is available as well . great job sheraton ! you made our vacation memorable , and that is something that is priceless ! 
all employees were courteous and attentive . never had to wait for help . the rooms were typical embassy suites , a good size and the decor was fresh - it could not have been more than a year or two ago for new furniture , carpet , etc . my room had a view of the lake on one side - but beware - a massive condo sits directly between this hotel and the navy pier about N blocks east - so the water views are of the lake south of the pier . it was only two blocks walk to michigan ave . and N blocks walk to the pier . there is an amc theatre adjacent to the hotel and if i had stayed more that two nights i would have taken in a film , just due to the convenience . no complaints here ! 
very comfortable rooms and located well just a stone ' s throw from the hancock building . quick check in , excellent water pressure , has fridge and microwave . why pay N more for the original hilton
i was pleasantly surprised at this neighborhood gem of a hotel . as others have said the location is great , a few blocks from lake michigan , wrigley field and plenty of nightlife . the room was very clean and well appointed , including a fridge , microwave and kuerig coffee maker . overall i thought this was a great hotel and would stay there again for sure . 
loved the burnham . a great long weekend getaway . now it is a boutique , so do not go there expecting massive cookie cutter rooms . the charm is the great restoration in a historic part of town . room was beautifully appointed . went with the king bed room , which was by the elevator but we did not hear a sound . upper floor gave us a great view of the city and millenium park . staff was attentive from the bellhop to the concierge . arrived early friday and was allowed to book in early ( with a little persistence ) . location convenient and the walgreen ' s next door came in handy more than once . only complaint is the atwood cafe breakfast . though i was not at all pushed to eat here , it is the only place in the building . it was good , but it also ran us N for two , which i found more than a bit much . no wine , mimosas or any bar tab that would explain such a high bill . 
my first impression when i came into palmers was " this is beautiful i am going to have a great stay " that feeling died when i got to my smaller than average room and minimalistic bathroom . since i was there for business , i needed internet , which wasn t complimentary and my port was out of service the second day . no complimentary breakfast and each time i called for assistance , i was put on hold for N minutes at least since they were busy . great looking lobby and location but that is it
hotel was as described and whilst there was obvious works going on in the hotel we never heard anything . staff were always polite and welcoming and its situ is ideal . i would recommend the old pancake house for breakfast , as per other trip advisor recommendations , it is superb quality and value . 
read some of your reviews before chosing the whitehall . like anything else they ranged from excellent to poor . we were favorably impressed . location excellent . desk and maid service excellent . hotel staff , including concerige excellent . we certainly found out stay to be comfortable and enjoyable . 
we stayed here between christmas and new year ' s for two days . it ' s in a great location , right by the chicago river and only a few blocks from michigan ave . there are many restaurants and activities within walking distance . check-in was easy . we were early but our room was ready . the suite isn ' t very big . more like one big room with a desk and partition dividing it . the decor was nice and the room was clean . it had one of those bathrooms where the sink is outside of the bathroom and the toilet and shower were together . i personally don ' t like that . i like a regular bathroom setup . also , since there wasn ' t a bathtub we had to give our two year old a shower instead of a bath and that was incovenient . not sure if other rooms have bathtubs . . . . . the first day we were out all day and when we got back to our room , housekeeping still hadn ' t cleaned the room . we had to go and find them for toilet paper towels . the second day they knocked on the room early and we told them to come back later in the day . the proceeded to knock again an hour later . inconsistent service . all in all it was a good stay for the price we paid . i would stay there again but would find out if they have rooms with bathtubs ! 
where to begin ? ? ? ? upon arrival having arrived late in the evening ( approx Npm ) the room was not ready ! ! ! i thought check in was supposed to be Npm ? ? ? we went to a meeting and came back at midnight to find there still was no room available ? ? ? the manager on duty was a blubbering idiot who didn ' t even know how to take care of the problem claiming there was no room and all of a sudden finding a room ? ? ? the next morning we spoke to another manager and at least she was a little better and had the common sense to try and make things right . by offering us access to the lounge which would have been nice except for the fact that the bagels were stale , the food ran out quickly and was not replemished and the women serving there had the audacity to ask for a tip ! ! ! the rooms are very old , run down and shabby . the in house steak restaurant was too pricey and the food was not good the business center lost a number of things that were sent for us and to this day we have never received them . the management did not follow up on anything and even after speaking to a number of people ( all supposed to be managers ) they never got back to us or tried to make us happy . all in all i will never step foot in that hotel again ! ! ! 
i recently stayed for N nights after booking with hotwire . i have been to just about all of the N star hotels in the area and i have to say there are many which are better than the intercontinental and cost a little less . if you are not concerned with the quality regarding your room , this review might not be important . first of all , valet has gone up to N bucks a day . apparently , they have to run all the way to the navy pier to get your car so you will be waiting a little longer than usual . i waited about a half hour . now lets get tot he real disappointment the rooms . i was incredibly peeved when i walked into my room . it was so tiny i kept bumping my knees on the furniture when i was moving my suitcases around . both my suitcases would not even fit in the closet so i have to cramp them in which made it a hassle to get my clothes out . i have been in N star hotel rooms that looked nicer than this . there was a little cat hair on a red velore like love seat , with cheap , really stiff cushions . i am not saying the room was dirty but it certainly was not spotless either . there were quite a few holes in the sheets as well . sleeping was impossible due to the loud heating system . i called the front desk and they immediately sent someone to look at it . he sort of giggled and said that there was nothing he could do because it was supposed to be that loud . i couldn not believe it . i ' m sure they get many complaints about the heating systems . all in all the staff is friendly , the food is pretty good , however , there are many other hotels with comparable prices and much better quality rooms , service , and ambiance . 
stayed in a two bedroom suite and had lots of room for everyone to have space without getting into each other ' s way . easy to walk to water tower place and navy pier , easy to get taxis to the museums , and easy to cook dinner in the room if kids were too cranky after a long day to behave themselves in a restaurant . more than anything , the staff were awesome , especially at breakfast . would definitely stay here again . ( in fact , thought of writing this overdue review when looking at making reservations for next month . ) 
this property is a luxury hotel with great service . dont let the luxury scare you , its affordable and well worth it . the location is perfect for working or shopping in the heart of chicago . 
i was in chicago ( my home town for a funeral ) - i flew in that morning went directly to the funeral and finally checked into the hotel at around N p . m . all i wanted was to have a cup of coffee and watch tv - i was scheduled to fly out early the next day . i was amazed not to find in room coffee and that the remote for the tv in my room did not have the closed caption option . i am deaf and cannot watch tv without it . fortunately the desk clerk was familiar with the problem and was able to direct me to a convenience store for coffee and explain to me how to set up the captioning on the tv . the bed was wonderfully comfortable - and the staff was very pleasant . for the price and the convenience the hotel is a great deal and i would stay there again . 
based on all the great reviews , i think my expectations were too high for this hotel . it ' s certainly clean and the breakfast was a plus . however , if you generally stay in better hotels , this hotel will be really disappointing . i should have known based on the good price we got ( N a night aaa rate ) , but the reviews and the website were both so good , i thought i was getting a much higher end hotel for a bargain of a price . while the staff tries really hard and is very friendly , the services and amenities at the hotel are really lacking . we arrived at N pm when the hotel was relatively quiet but our bags did not make it up to the room for close to an hour ( and only after i called twice and offered to come get my kids ' bags so i could change them into pjs and put them to sleep ) . my young son wet the bed during an afternoon nap and i called the front desk to advise them and ask for it to be cleaned as we were leaving the room at N N and would return later that evening . when we arrived back in the room at night around N pm , no one had come to change the bed sheets and the front desk told me that they had forgotten about it . we again waited about an hour for someone to come a change the sheets ( again only after i called N times and offered to come get the sheets myself to change the bed so that i could put my kids to sleep ) . the hotel comped us a night s stay for the hassle . the pool area is in need of repair and only sometimes had towels stocked . each time i called for towels it took at least an hour for someone to come . our shampoo was not regularly restocked and we ran out on the last night of our stay . we called the front desk and asked for more shampoo , which the front desk advised would be outside our door by morning -- it never arrived . the bedroom is too tight as is the bathroom . the living area is spacious . all in all , while this is a neat , clean and very reasonably priced hotel , if you like amenities and service at all , this hotel will disappoint . 
having read some of the reviews on here , i didn ' t have hugh expectations , however the hotel was comfortable , clean and in a good location which is all we really wanted given that we weren ' t expecting to spend much time there . i think it is a good base from which to explore chicago - we could walk most places easily and although a fair distance from the magnificent mile we did walk there from the hotel . we also walked to the field museum area and the view of the skyline from the museum area is fantastic ( i would recommend ) . our room and bathroom weren ' t huge but were perfectly manageable and most importantly clean . the bed was large and very comfortable . our only slight problem was the noise from the fridge which did keep us awake ( although jet lag probably didn ' t help either ) but we got used to it after the first night . having said that , it was still useful to have a fridge in the room so we could store drinks . we were fortunate to have a view of grant park from the room which was great . the staff in the hotel were friendly and efficient . i would stay here again . 
the james is a lovely , eco-friendly boutique hotel in the heart of the magnificent mile . service was outstanding and the room was huge in comparison to other boutique hotels nearby . decor is modern , but not uptight . very earthy in the heart of the city . the bar is nice and the staff are very friendly and ready to help in every way possible . highly recommended . 
we stayed at the affinia chicago over new years weekend checking in on december Nth and leaving on january Nst . this was my Nnd trip to chicago and dh ' s Nst . we just loved the hotel . you must try some of their specialty pillows- magnetic was my favorite . we were higher up , can ' t remember what floor in a newly renovated room . the room was kind of small , but worked fine for the two of us . it would have been tight if there was another couple . location was great ! chicago is so spread out so no hotel is central to everything . from this hotel we walked magnificent mile and to navy pier ( although the outside stuff was closed- winter wonderland was operating inside ) . we took the bus down to soldier field , the field museum , and the aquarium . missed the planetarium on this trip . took a cab down to the natural science museum . all food options were still closed due to renovations , but other than that we the workers didn ' t affect us . staff was great and gave us some really wonderful restraurant suggestions . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago during a recent conference . the hotel is classy , clean , and the staff ' s nice . i like the gym , which is the biggest indoor hotel gym i ' ve ever known . you can run in the park just across the street too . the buffet breatfast is just average . i ordered some books during my stay , and the hotel charged me N dollars for each package . i think it ' s too much . 
i loved this place ! great views and friendly staff . i esp liked the aveda products in the bath . comfy bed and hardly any noise from neighbors . i would stay here again . in fact , i want to live there . ) the only thing they need to do is work on window cleanliness . there were a ton of spiders outside our windows , so that affected the view a bit . i think the windows needed to be cleaned . also , it would be nice if the hotel would offer recycling bins in the rooms . 
this past summer i spent a week in chicago with national education assoc . ra ( repsentative assembly ) i stayed at the fairmont hotel located near wacker dr . and millennium park . i enjoyed my stay at the hotel and gained valueable info at the ra meetings . so much to see and do as chicago is a busy city . took my first public bus ride while i was there . 
i read other reviews of this hotel and quite frankly expected less then what i got . i liked this hotel . granted , the rooms are not roomy , so if you ' re traveling with a family you may want to look elsewhere , but if you ' re a couple or single this is a great place . huge bed , flat screen tv , good mood lighting over the bed , and a large bathroom with a walk-in shower . good location for nightlife as it ' s right about center of the north rush st area or the south hubbard st bars and clubs , so you can walk either way . 
the folks who answer the phone at this hotel are unbelievably rude--i could not believe how my phone calls were handled . all i needed to know was how to get from the airport to the hotel on the metro train , and the first time i was forwarded to the concierge to answer that question ( and all i got was an answering machine ) and the second time i called , i was hung up on after i asked about the metro stop ! oh my goodness , the individuals i talked to were just plain unprofessional . 
stayed N nights . . . the hotel rooms may be a little on the tired side , but nevertheless was clean , very comfortable and spacious . we were lucky enough to see the ' gold room ' . . . . the hotels old ballroom , it was wonderful and exuded charm and an historic sense of occasion . the foyer reception bare were also nice . it wasn ' t expensive and great location , near buckingham fountain . 
what more can i say , it ' s in a nice building , and for the price , worth every penny ! 
the room was large and clean ( two things we look for ) . the lobby is a bit small , but who needs a lobby in chicago ? the one drawback was the european sized elevator . if you have many bags or many people you ' ll have to make a few trips . my husband booked this room on sale so it was well worth it . but had it not been on sale i dotn think we ' d have booked the room . 
i stayed in the hotel in november , N . something might have been changed , so it is just my impression from that period . location . yes , nice view form the roof top , walking distance from the shopping centres , lake michigan , metro station is just a few meters from the hotel . but sleeping to a sound of moving metro train . . . internet was not free but it was very slow . breakfast in the cafe on the ground floor . . . just two types of cheese , poor quality coffee and one day there was no bread , another day there was no croissant . it was not open buffet , one should make choice from the menu , and coffee , cheese and bread croissant is my typical breakfast , but there i was disappointed with the poor choice . but the most annoying ' item ' is concentrated scent of cleaning agents , that it is everywhere -at the lobby and in the rooms . 
the three of us stayed at the sheraton over the labor day weekend as our first trip to chicago . we chose the hotel due to its excellent location , close to navy pier and michigan ave . the lobby area has obviously undergone refurbishment and presents an excellent first impression . at reception we were asked if we wanted an upper floor room with a view , which we did . the room had views north to the hancock tower and east over the lake but not the pier which was blocked by another high-rise . the room was smallish but clean and with everything you need . it was cool without the air-con , despite the weather outside being quite hot . during the N nights we stayed we heard very little noise from other guests which made for a relaxing stay . our only dissapointment was the rather small pool , which for a N room hotel seemed inadequate . its a nice hotel in a great location for downtown chicago . a must is a visit to the nearby fox and obey delicatesen and restaurant which was fantastic ! 
we had planned a week-long vacation in chicago around the Nth of july in order to go to the taste of chicago as well as have our kids see fireworks on the Nth over the lake . booked this hotel N days in advance through expedia . even confimed booking with the hotel N hours before . we showed up late on the evening of our stay due to our late flight in to o ' hare ( thus the reason we confirmed ) . the first thing i encounter when walking into the hotel was some disco with music so loud i had to put my fingers in my ears . it looked like they were throwing some sort of dance party in open area lounge at the main entrance . when i got to the front desk , the woman ' s face turned white when i told her i was checking in . she took my license and went in the back room ( to speak to a manager i presume ) . she returned N minutes later to tell me they gave our room away ! she offered me a voucher for another hotel N miles away for that night and then told me we would have to come back the next day to the hyatt to get a room ! we chose that hotel because of its proximity to grant park , navy pier and all the other attractions in the area . since we already paid ( in full ) through expedia , she was binding me to stay in their hotel even though they did not hold a confirmed reservation . i explained ( yelling over the music ) that i had N bags , a wife and two sleeping toddlers in the car ( it was N Npm by then ) and i was not about to tote them from hotel to hotel just to satisfy hyatt . she offered no explanation , no alternatives and no apologies . as i was leaving , another couple that had just driven N hours tried to check in and were left roomless as well ! we were left with no choice but to leave . we drove by their voucher hotel - it was a zero-star roach motel unfit for anyone . certainly not the N-star hotel i already paid for . we were unable to find another room in chicago and had to drive around for two more hours just to find a room . we finally found a room N miles away at N Nam . since we were so far away from chicago , we missed all of our vacation plans and the vacation was ruined . after contacting hyatt with this mess , they offered no remuneration and little in the way of an apology . i will never stay in another hyatt after this huge disappointment . be warned ! this hotel ' s overbooking policy is a farce . they will give away your room . they do not feel any obligation to the customer . find a more reputable chain if you want to have an enjoyable vacation in chicago , especially around holidays . 
my wife and i stayed at the mariott over a long weekend . the staff was very friendly . when we checked in my wife needed band aids and we asked where the gift shop was and the front desk person had them sent up . within two minutes of arriving at our room , they knocked ont he door with the band aids . the room was nice , but very samll . it was basically big enough for one king bed and a chair . the tv reception was cloudy on a lot of the channels , and there were even blank channels when you were scrolling through . we got both breakfast and dinner once from room service , and both times the food arrived promptly and was very good . the location is great , right next to a mall and right in the middle of all the shopping on michigan avenue . 
i met an out of town friend and we had a fabulous girls catch up week-end shopping . this location was fabulous ! you can walk around the corner to nordstrom ! and when you come back from shopping at N you relax with a glass of wine ! then you walk a block down to hubbard for restaurants and clubs . we thought the service was fabulous too ! the doorman rushed up after he saw that the valet was not coming to take care of the car . when we came out and it was raining he offered advice that we had an umbrella in the room or could get one from the front desk . the concierge was very helpful when we asked about clubs . the front desk helped when we needed scissors to cut off tags . we wanted to check out the pool after it was closed and someone unlocked it so we could look around . everyone we talked to had a great attitude . the art on each floor is fantastic ! you could wander around and feel like you were in an art museum . the decor in the lobby and restaurant from the semi drapes to the silverware and little pepper grinder was very cool . although we thought they could have made the lobby seating area a little bigger and made the checkin desk smaller and moved it down further . the beds were very comfy and the animal print robes were very cool ( they was even slipper socks if were colder ) . the bathroom doesn ' t compare to the penninsula , but the moving wall door is very neat . someone mentioned smelling food and we did smell bacon both mornings and we were on the Nth floor ? ? we thought that was odd , but it got us to eat breakfast in the hotel restaurant ( and we both ordered the omelet with bacon ) . 
what a pleasant surprise ! this was my first time staying at the fitzpatrick and i loved it ! from now on this is my hotel of choice when i travel to chicago . the staff was warm and welcoming , they went above and beyond in making you feel at home . the rooms were beautiful , the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in . the room was great for someone like me traveling on business and in need of space and amenities . i loved the pub , fitzers , great food and atmosphere . i highly recommend staying at this property . 
we stayed here because we needed to fly out of midway . the hotel is not in an elegant neighborhood and our room overlooked a giant paper company warehouse facing east . our room was clean , small but fine for N of us . a big plus was the computer with printer in the lobby . i had no computer with me and needed to print boarding passes N hours before our flight . we swam in the pool and it was clean and refreshing on a hot day . the staff was very respectful and friendly and our room service portions were huge . the ice machine on the Nth floor was broken but everything else worked , including the iron . i usually do not use hotel toiletries because of the frangrance but the ones at this hotel were citrus without being too much . very nice . we drove to the museum of science and industry from here and it took a long time because of street traffic and lack of freeway availability so plan ahead if you need to go downtown . 
i spent three night here . it is in an excellent location and is clean and comfortable . unforunately there were a couple of minor things wrong with my room but these were speedily put right upon request . all the staff are very pleasant to meet and are most helpful . i only ate in on one occasion but it was good . all in all , i rate this highly . 
took a one-day trip on superbowl sunday to chicago with my friend who is a huge bears fan . booked last minute through spg . com and got a very decent rate for one night with a N o ' clock checkout . have been to the sheraton four-points twice before but never to the westin . found this hotel to be very nice in all areas . the room was clean and spacious with a river view . the location was outstanding for bar-hopping on super sunday . having many choices within a block or two was especially important as the outside temperature was -N without the wind chill . the only complaint was that the hotel did not seem to have any promotions for the bears superbowl in the bar area which was empty N hour before kickoff . i don ' t smoke personally , but maybe the non-smoking in the lounge hurt them in this area , as all other bar restaurants were packed the whole day . after reading some of the other reviews we regret not checking out the house of blues bar accross the street , and looking for alternate parking as it was a bit high at N per day . overall would stay again for sure . 
elegant , historic and classy . rooms are very nice and the staff is , as well . you will probably want to get a lake view room . if there are issues , the staff always takes care of them . great location . i love the drake . a fantastic place for a chicago wedding , as well . 
we booked N rooms for N nights march N-N . each room was a very comfotable size with decent size bathrooms . the hotel is old and not modernized as the big name and boutique hotels you usually find in big cities . with that in mind , if you go to the hotel with realistic expectations you will be pleasantly surprised . the views each room had were outstanding . that is when we could see , very foggy week . on the down side of the rooms were the fact that you could not control the temperature . i could never get comfortable . the temperature was set on N the entire time and it was more like N . we had the window open ( N inches ) as far as it would open and never cooled the room . one of our friends finally ordered a fan for each room and that helped with sleep a little . the rooms were clean and housekeeping did a nice job and the rooms were cleaned early . i had one complaint ( to my friends ) that my glass globes in the bathrooms had one inch thick dust on each of them . when they looked at the ones in their rooms it was the same . easy to clean , as they could have been lifted right off and wiped down . that hadnt been done in years . oh well . the concierge is useless . go to another hotel for the use of their concierge , it would be quicker and more helpful . he was on the phone the entire time and never looked up . we finally left the line to go find our destination on our own . terrible attitude on another stop by another time in the lobby . i also would mention the horrible service in the coq dor restaurant . we ordered drinks and N minutes of trying to stop the waiter for our orders , we finally paid and left . pretty bad that we left the property to go to another property to spend money because we couldnt get someone to wait on us . regardless , we had a good time , we probably would stay here again if only for the weekend . 
stayed at hyatt regency for N days during april , N . right on the chicago river and very close to michigan avenue . clean rooms , great bar restaurant at the lobby level ( hep and colorful actually ) . couple of things to watch out for . . . N ) a mini bar inside the room . . . if you open it they will charge you automatically . but of course they were kind enough to revert the charges once i told i didnt use the mini bar . so over all a very pleasant stay . N ) valet parking is N bucks with in-out facilities . no self parking in the hotel . if you need self parking go to millenium garage which is a couple of blocks away for N bucks . but there wont be in-out facilities though . but hey parking is a pain anywhere in the downtown . so i wont count it against the hotel here . 
my wife and i stayed here for four days in connection with a convention at mccormick place . the breakfasts were very good . there was a lengthy line at the start of the nightly cocktail receptions but they moved fairly quickly . as mentioned by others - the pool was small - we didn ' t even bother going down there after glancing at it upon arrival . the exercise area was ok but lacking adequate strength training options . the location is very good . as mentioned , parking is a bit steep at N for self-park but , that ' s par for the course at all other hotels in the downtown area as well . you could opt to park at a nearby public garage but it wasn ' t worth the minimal savings to me to be outside the hotel . our only negative experience was with housekeeping . although one wouldn ' t notice it taking a stand-up shower , my wife noticed some nasty black mold under the grab rail in the tub while taking a bath . we left a note for the maid and she made a half-hearted effort to remove it - about N remained when we returned . apparently , she wasn ' t going to bother getting a brush and whatever chemicals were needed to remove the remainder . there was also what appeared to be greenish spit ( saliva ) on one of the porcelain caps that cover the screws that hold the toilet to the floor . that remained there for two days before i ended up nearly gagging and cleaning it myself with a washcloth . those are items i would never allow at my own home and certainly don ' t expect to have to deal with at an embassy suites hotel . if management would like to address the deficiencies with the maid - we were in room N from march Nth-april Nrd . 
the amalfi is first class from beginning to end but let me down . the amalfi offers N ) nice , clean , well appointed rooms N ) quiet rooms N ) continental breakfast-bar in the lobby of each floor . N ) terrific mattresses turn-down service N ) robes , slippers , extra blanket , iron , ironing board N ) nightly open-bar reception ( great drinks ) N ) attentive staff , except . . . . . there was an intermittent electrical buzzing in the air unit over the entry to our room . i requested that it be repaired after the first night . nothing changed and i was disturbed for a second night . there is no point in offering amenities if you haven t first taken care of the first duty of any hotel to provide your guests with a good nights sleep . and yet so many hotels don ' t seem to get this most basic idea ! 
i stayed at the crowne plaza chicago-allerton on friday night . it was a great location to all the clubs and bars . we walked about nine blocks to get to sound-bar , y , rino , spyclub , etc . finding your way around my friend and i took the subway from o ' hare to the chicago ( red line ) stop and walked about N blocks to michigan ave . once on michigan we began out search for the crowne plaza to learn that it is not on michigan ave technically--the enterance is on huron . the nine west shoe store shares the same building and its front is on the mag mile . when we entered the hotel , we learned that check-in is on the third floor using the elevator on the right . if you wanted to go to your room , you had to get on another set of elevators on the third floor . to go to taps or the lounge , you got on the elevator on the first floor to your left . the room very small . we checked in at Npm and that ' s the only avalable room they had . my friend saw it and had a fit , but i didn ' t care because we didn ' t spend so much time in it . it had a standard bed ( full ) , a small desk , and a tv on a tv stand . the linens and towels were white and clean . the bathroom was quite nice with marble-ish floors and a see through glass shower . on , the floors are very slippery ! the room was very clean and stocked with the following -shampoo , conditioner , soap , lotion , and shoe polish -hair dryer and make-up mirror -on the bed was a linen spray and earplugs -iron , extra blanket and pillow in the closet staff helpful , if not a bit sarcastic . they at least knew how to get around the city . you can also leave your luggage there after check-out to walk around the city . 
we are staying at this hotel over the july N weekend because a family member selected it . the other members of our party are going home tomorrow and we are checking out and into a different hotel . i do not recommend this hotel to anyone under any circumstances . it is old -- and while old can sometimes mean charming , in this case it means run down . the rooms are the size of european hotels with mismatched furniture the beds are not comfortable , and the bathroom is nasty . when i took a shower a N N a . m . , there was little hot water . we arrived yesterday about N N p . m . and were told that our rooms would not be ready until N N p . m . -- the same thing that the front desk was telling every guest . so we waited until N N p . m . only to be told that our rooms were " not quite " finished but we could have the keys anyway . when we opened the door , we found an unmade bed , wet towels , full waste baskets , trash on the carpet , and the previous guest ' s tablet and travel guides . nothing had been done to clean the room and yet it was given to us as being " almost ready . " i wanted to use the exercise room but the air conditioning was turned off . when i inquired about turning it on , i learned that the controls are in the security office and it makes so much noise , that they leave it off . of two treadmills , one had a sign that it was " out of order " and the other was stuck in the maximum incline position -- so no workout today ! yesterday , we had lunch in the adjoining restarant . the food was fine however , the server failed to bring salad dressing for one of the salads and the children ' s chicken fingers were straight out of a frozen food bag . while these things may not be so bad the price was that of a N-star property . do not stay at this hotel in spite of its convenient location . it should be shut down by the health and sanitation commission and never re-opened . 
the dana has an entrance on street level that takes you into the restaurant . you take an elevator or stairs to the reception area where you are greeted by warm front desk staff . the only strange thing for me was they stay seated at a desk to check you in it isn ' t the normal front desk experience . i had a great room overlooking the city on a high floor . the room was spacious with a corner sofa and very comfortable bed . there was a very wide selection of local snacks and drinks in the room . the room i was in had a shower and my little pet peeve is no full door on the shower , but i got over it because there was a waterfall showerhead that more than made up for it and the water was extra hot . there was also a teak bench , and that is always great when you need to prop your foot to shave your legs . the hotel was quiet and the dark hallways were warm without feeling closed in . i stopped for a drink at the bar and found it very well stocked with great wines . it is a few blocks from michigan avenue and walking distance to many fantastic chicago attractions . i didn ' t have time to visit the spa but heard from other guests it was excellent . 
i checked in to the hotel with my N year old daughter and i have to say that the customer service which i was given from regina was outstanding ! she was very pleasent from our initial point of contact with her . we arrived to the hotel before check-in time and wasn ' t quite sure if we would be able to get our room so early , but regina was able to work her fingers and get us in . thanks so much regina . keep up the good work . after meeting her , my daughter and i were also able to speak with the kiera and renee who were also very pleasant and very nice . thank you for exceptioanl customer service ladies . from the point we entered the lobby of the hotel , to our room , to the parking lot , the premises were immaculate . our room was very room and smelled very fresh . love it ! i can not say of anything i do not like about the hotel . i will definitely stay again as well as recommend this hotel to others who may be traveling to the area . thanks for the beautiful stay chicago south loop hotel ! 
the chicago hilton is one of the nation ' s classic hotels . . . but she is tired and weeping at the edges . too bad , of course , as the most ordinary of clean redecoration would have ( and will stlll ) avoided disappointment . the palmer house -- also hilton branded - delivers what this grande dame could but does not . 
we stayed at this hotel when visiting friends for a weekend in july . when we got there to check in ( after check in time ) the room was not ready . so we decide to park the car in the garage close to the hotel . it took so long to park by the time we got done the room was ready . we walk into a room that just looked crusty . everything looked dirty . i called to the front desk and asked for fresh sheets . why did it take so long for the room to be " ready " if they didn ' t actually clean it ? the bathroom was nice and remodeled but also dirty . there was hair in the bathtub and the bathroom trash had not been emptied . we tried to call different hotels to move to but everything in the area was booked ( due to july Nth weekend and the ribfest ) . luckily we were only there for N short nights but we will never go back there again ! ! 
i ' ve found days inn hotels to be reliable - clean and really good values . the days inn at lincoln park is a really nice hotel . don ' t expect N star luxury just clean , nicely furnished rooms at very reasonable prices . a really good choice -
i can ' t say much more about this hotel , that hasn ' t already been said . my wife and i were both looking forward to styaing in the affinia after reading so many good reviews on this site , and we were not dissapointed . the location is first class , the staff are very , very friendly and helpful . will we stay here again when we visit chicago in the future - without a doubt ! 
loved this hotel . very busy and conferency type place , but awesome location and very very friendly . we had N kids in the room , but it didn ' t feel overcrowded . was not cheap , but the view from our room was amazing . nice welcome when root beer and popcorn were delivered to room - unexpected and kept kids happy . room service was really good . breakfast is unbelievable - my partner would go back just for that . chicago is such a brilliant city - i think i could almost say i loved it even more than new york . there was a us N fee for car parking overnight which was pricey , but that was the only downer . will definately stay again when i get back to this fantastic city . 
i booked through priceline and i got a great deal ! ! i surprised my boyfriend for his birthday , and he absolutely loved it ! the hotel was very modern and low key . the beds were very very very comfortable ! the room was clean , the service was great , out stay was amazing and i would definitely stay there again ! ! ! only con- i wanted to get late check out and couldn ' t ! 
renee was great and couldn ' t have helped any more . she hooked us up with a taxi and some sweet laundry service . victor got us an awesome room and told us the hotspots downtown . 
my boyfriend and i stayed here on a friday night . we requested an upper level room and were promptly placed in a corner room on the Nth floor . our room had two walls of windows and a spectacular view . the view alone justifies the price . in addition to the view , however , the dana room contained the single most comfortable hotel bed i have ever slept in--imported linens , king-sized bed , fluffy down comforter , a mountain of pillows . it is strange entering the hotel through the bottom floor restaurant , but a friendly host quickly directed us upstairs to the lobby . we also checked out vertigo , the lounge on the top floor , but it was packed at N N on a friday night , so we opted for the quiet of our room instead . the shower is big enough for several adults and the water pressure is great . the set-up is a little strange--with just one night there , we weren ' t able to master showering without soaking the rest of the bathroom , as the shower does not have a door that closes , but it ' s still quite nice . there is only a curtain over a glass wall blocking the view of the shower bathroom from the rest of the room , but it wasn ' t an issue for us . the continental breakfast saturday morning was impressive , as far as continental breakfasts go . there was a large room service menu available at all times of day , but we did not try it . we took breakfast back to our room and made mimosas . overall , the staff was friendly and competent , the ambiance was great , the furnishings were modern but comfortable , and all of that , in such a prime location , close to so much activity downtown , simply can ' t be beat . 
stayed in enough places in downtown chicago to know what i like and i liked the amalfi . no doubt an unlimited budget obtains luxuries not available at this hotel . these have been covered in other reviews views , room service , pool , spa , etc . and i suppose if they are important to you , they are available at a price elsewhere . but amalfii is not utilitarian by any means . if you ' re looking for a generously-sized , nicely furnished room and gracious low-key service while you ' re doing other things in the city , the amalfi is truly great . my wife and i found it was close to everything . we left the car parked , except for one excursion so we could have saved money w o the valet service . we were advised at check-in that self-park was available ( N ) but without in-out privileges . we did receive assurances about security for the extra N day but you need to allow about N minutes for retrieval . many well known restaurants are nearby ( within N minute walk ) as is access to mass transit . we ' ll definitely make a return trip . 
i travel to chicago every fall break with my daughter , sister in law and neices . we absolutely love the affinia . we had a suite which was perfect for us . the girls had their own t . v . and us adults had ours . the beds are wonderful and so comfortable . very clean , great staff , great location ( right off of mag . mile ) . 
we took the train and stayed at the sheraton towers just before christmas . we love chicago and i ' ve previously had great experience with sheratons ( the one in toronto is a favorite destination ) i guess i was just expecting more for the price . it ' s convenient to some areas - we walked to navy pier . our room was quite small and cramped but the beds were fantastic . there was no complimentary breakfast but a nice area off the lobby that offered hot beverages and cookies . that was a huge hit with our two N year olds . the staff was very helpful and well informed and check-in check-out was a breeze . we had to wait forever for some elevators due to a busy conference weekend . it seemed like everything had additional surcharges which was disappointing for a hotel of this supposed caliber . our son was told by staff not only could he not use the workout facilities without paying ( not unusual ) but he could not use the swimming pool either ! ? ! although i would not discourage people from staying there , i feel there are much better choices . we loved the omni suites that we stayed at last christmas and i ' d certainly rate that above the sheraton . 
my husband , adult son and i stayed in a N bedroom suite . the kitchenette ( stove top , microwave , refrigerator ) allowed us to fix breakfasts quickly " at home " before going out for early tours and to save money on some easy suppers . basic pots , pans , plates , and cooking and eating utensils were provided . beds and pillows were very comfortable . we didn ' t hear any noise from the street or from other guests with the white noise of the air conditioner . . . . delightful sleeping . the two bathrooms were a luxury for the three of us . note that the N bedrooms ( one king , one queen ) do not have doors , so they are semi-private , not totally private . unfortunately , the sitting area was a little claustrophobic because we had expected a window and view . instead there was just one window in the Nnd bedroom with no windows in the living area . at the front desk , i was told that all of the N bedroom suites have the same " view " . we could see just other close buildings ( no river ) from the window in the bedroom . as other reviewers have remarked , the hotel ' s location is the best ! we took the orange line from midway and our son took the blue line from o ' hare to within several blocks of the hotel . we walked or took public transportation everywhere while touring . 
this was only a brief stay at the swissotel chicago but it has the usual high quality that i ' ve come to expect from this chain . the location of the hotel i found to be good , just a short walk from michigan ave and navy pier with the river just in front of the hotel if you fancy taking that route to navy pier or along onto lake michigan . the hotel has a decent fitness suite and pool and breakfast was good - though pricey if you pay for it . my room was large and had all that could be expected , coffee machine , flat screen tv , etc - the hotel staff as always were very friendly and helpful . each swissotel i ' ve stayed in differs slightly in the service they provide and though it may seem a little petty , all the other chains i ' ve stayed in so far have offered complimentary bottles of water in the room - not so here and at N for a small bottle in the room , i felt this was a bit much and not acceptable , especially when you can walk to walgreens and get a same size bottle for less than N . so , there you have it , a gripe from me about swissotel - however , i ' ll be back next year as for quality , they can ' t be beat . let ' s just hope i don ' t have to pay N for water though hahahahah
very nice building in the middle of " the magnificent mile " where all the stores are . chicago is an older city ( al capone lived there - ) ) with a lot of not that skyhigh brick buildings . not the average american city of concrete . this old charm you can find in a lot of buildings , including in the allerton . the allerton has an income hall at grond level , the only thing to see is the elevater to the lobby at the N-th floor . lobby is small and cosy . staff is friendly and helpful . i stayed on the N-th floor . rather small corridors , room is clean and well equiped but small according to us norms . i had little storage space in the closet . bathroom was clean but dated from al capones youth . good housekeeping . nice breakfast , friendly staff . we had a meeting in the ballroom . technical support and equipment was more than average . very good place to stay for work . 
i live in milwaukee , wi and work in chicago , so stay in the city frequently . i had stayed at the w city center several times for work , and chose this hotel for recent weekend get-away with my husband . we love the chic vibe of this hotel , excellent service and attention to detail . i requested the courtyard and they upgraded us to a spectacular room when i asked upon check in . they have re-decorated the rooms and i liked the fresh modern feel . if you stay in this part of the city , you need to know that you ' ll be walking or taking a cab most places , but i appreciate the proximity to union station , and you can get almost everywhere in chicago via cab for under N if you don ' t want to take the trains or buses . 
this is definitely a top-notch hotel . very friendly and helpful staff . stayed for one night in a non-smoking room on the Nrd floor - really good views of the city and could even see a little of the lake . the room was so comfortable thanks to the feather top mattress , feather duvet , in-room thermostat , and beautiful bathroom with plenty of towels and bathrobes and slippers ! 
i reserved this hotel N months ago and got a confirmation for a double room . since i was traveling with my brother , we definitely wanted N beds . we arrived early , before check-in , and was told that there were no clean double rooms available . we said no problem , checked our bags and went site seeing . we arrived back at around N N and our room was ready . we opened the door and saw a room with one king bed . after walking around all day and getting very hot tired exhausted , we had looked forward to showering and relaxing with some cold beverages . but we had to lug our suitcases back to the reservation desk and tell them they made a mistake with our room . the reservationist ( don ' t remember her name ) was very hard to understand and informed us that " her system " showed a reservation for a king bed . i showed her the confirmation indicating a double room and said that there were none available . but there were at an upgraded price . i said that if there were some available that they will be complimentory . she said she couldn ' t do it . i asked to see the manager and she said he ' s in a meeting . i asked to see any manager and she said they were all in the same meeting , but if i wanted to go back to the room she ' d let me know when they were done . i said i ' d wait . i waited probably a half an hour and she still said they were in a meeting . i walked to the concierge and explained our situation and she couldn ' t believe that the reservationist wasn ' t doing more . she said she ' d get the manager out of the meeting and left . she came back N minutes later with the manager . guess what ? it was the same guy that told us there were no " double rooms " clean . he must have been the one to type into the system a king bed . i told him i can ' t wait to write this up on tripadvisor and he proceeded to hand me his business card and said , " remember to tell the whole story " meaing he took care of the problem . this guy was acting like he was some kind of hero when he messed up to begin with . no apology , no nothing . the room was just as small as the first one so i don ' t know why this would have cost more . the view was worse . i think the person checking you in should have the authority to make the situation right . i wasn ' t looking for any freebies . i just wanted the room that i reserved . the maid service was pretty bad too . we had drank some beers and placed all of the emptys into the case that the beers came in . placed the case right next to the trash can . basically cleaned the room up before leaving for the day . ( also left a nice tip ) . when we returned later that day , the case with the empties was never removed . they didn ' t replenish the shampoos soaps conditioners . then there ' s the mini-bar . we had leftovers from lunch so we moved things around in the mini-bar so we could put the container of leftovers in there . when i got the bill , there was a N charge for the mini-bar ! i guess if you move things , it electronically charges you . ( the small print on the mini-bar states that but you ' d have to get on the floor to notice it ) . i had to tell them about it at check out and she stated that " we tell our guests about it at check in " . that was never comminicated to us . they took it off the bill without a problem . other guests had the same problem . they should disable this " modern technology " . the place was too dark . i like ambiance , but i also like to see what i ' m doing . on the positive side , the beds were comforatable and the pillows were great . the air didn ' t seem to cool very well though . i ' ve stayed in chicago ' s magnificent mile N times and never had a problem with any of the chain hotels . i will choose one of those next year and will never stay at the hard rock hotel again . note to manager did you ever hear the phrase , " the customer ' s always right " ? you could have done some gesture to show some good will instead of acting like you did me a favor by fixing your screw up . 
the hyatt regency is in a good location right on the river and N block from michigan aveneue . the hotel itself is very large spreading over N towers . our room was large , modern and in very good condition , could not fault it . we travelled with N children so we had a room with N queen beds . when booking you really should look to see how much access to the regency club would cost . the quality of the continental breakfast and hors d ' ouerves is excellent and completely justified the cost . the regency club room is on the Nth floor with views across the river to the wrigley building and michigan avenue , this makes it a pleasant place to go to at any time to relax with complimnetary tea coffee and soft drinks . 
my wife and i took the advice of other tripadvisor readers and were not disappointed . the burnham is in an excellent location in the heart of the loop . convenient to public transportation . the red line is just outside the door , the blue line ( to o ' hare ) is a block away and the rest of the el lines can be caught via transferring at another station N blocks away . marshall fields department store ( macy ' s ) is caddycorner to the hotel and millenium park is a short ( N block ) walk . the area is lively and one feels safe walking in the evening because so many people were out . the hotel is a renovated former office building that is stylishly furnished and comfortable . our room was small but very nice . there was construction on both wings of the hotel ' s outfacing sides , but it was quiet enough that we didn ' t have difficulty falling asleep . my wife was very happy with the buckwheat pillow she requested from the " pillow library " . the hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful obtaining tour tickets for us and printing our airline boarding passes . we did not have an opportunity to eat at the atwood cafe ( hotel lobby restaurant ) , but it was usually busy and the menu looked good . we enjoyed our stay at the burnham and chicago immensely and were not disappointed by other members ' advice in choosing this hotel . our only disappointment , which was very minor , was that the hotel fitness room was eliminated in favor of a meeting room . however , we were directed to a sister hotel N blocks away ( allegro ) where we exercised during the stay . we easily understand why the burnham is so popular with other members . 
based on traveling to chicago on business for the last N years , this is the best deal in the michigan ave area . the rooms are spacious , clean , quiet , and the staff is very accomodating . simply put , this is the best deal around . everything is in walking distance if you perfer , and convenience to the train and cabs is also easy . the breakfast fitness room make mornings a snap , and the convenience of nearby restaurants make dinner lunch very easy . the true suite rooms ( there is a door that closes truly separates the bedroom from the living area ) make traveling with others children very easy . the kitchen is stocked with utensils and dinnerware . this has become our preferred location doubtless will remain so . 
this hotel has a great central location . staff is extremely friendly , especially the doormen and porters . rooms are of an unusual shape , a bit like a caravan and spacious . the " mini " bar is a full stocked bar with large bottles . bathrooms are of good size with amenities from kiehls . the decor is very modern so if you don ' t like modern hotels you won ' t like this one . 
we have stayed at a number of home wood suites , and this was probably our best experience . the location is very convenient for shopping , the red line metro , and restaurants . even though a lot of people were eating breakfast , they kept the buffet well stocked and tables clean . the pool is on the top floor with nice views . 
amalfi hotel is an oasis wihtin a sea of mediocre , run of the mill chain hotels and motels in chicago . conveniently located across from harry caray ' s it ' s a short walk to lots of restaurants and all the places one needs when in downtown . purposefully designed to be different , the hotel appears as a hip entrance to a jazz club or swanky apartment rather than a typical hotel lobby . with it ' s convenience architects and experience designers the hotel staff strives to ensure a comfortable stay and deliver a high-level of service . the rooms are spacious with comfy kings , flat screens and breakfast served too . free wireless internet and a simple desk and supportive leather desk chair provide ample opportunity to get business done . undoubtedly the best part of the experience is the nightly evening reception . hosted by kenneth simpson , leisure libations coordinator , the mix-master serves up warm smiles and cool drinks to provide a relaxing end to the workday and a crank-start to the evening . ken creates a friendly atmosphere which helps you feel like you entered a party in your honor . the italian coastal starters which are served make you feel like your visiting amalfi . served up with the latest sports and smooth jazz , i wish the party didn ' t end a t Npm . ken always sends you off with a smile , handshake and a heartfelt , " be safe ! " all the best to him and my friends at the amalfi hotel chicago . nice job , brian cooney ! best , rob w . 
the garden inn is in a good location with lots of options for eating and entertainment . the hotel lobby is a little small but well laid out . they do not have their own restaurant but are attached to webbers and i found that the food here to be very good . rooms are well furnished with all the amenities that you expect at this level of hilton property . the staff at the hotel was very helpful and pleasant from the front desk to the cleaning personnel . the only drawback was the elevators that during the morning rush were a bit slow and crowded . i did not have a car but learned from others that parking is expensive with the hotel but there is a private lot across the street that is far more reasonable and the walk is minimal . breakfast for honor members is at webbers and it was very good . eggs done well . staff was very friendly . i will stay here again either for business or a weekend getaway as i like the smaller venue and the free breakfast and that is not the case at many of the " luxury " hotels in the downtown area . this is a very good garden inn that is a reasonably priced choice for trips to chicago . 
the location of this hotel is perfect . there is a trader joes downstairs . the grand lux ( a great restaurant overlooking the magnificent mile ) is kitty corner from the hotel . the magnificent mile is just down the street . you can even walk to navy pier . the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful . the rooms were very clean , the bed was comfortable . loved having a fridge and microwave without having to ask for them . we would definitely stay there again . 
date september N , N reviewer bob soriano , national sales manager , enchantmints , brentwood , tn . i stayed at the beautiful amalfi hotel in chicago for the fourth time this past july . each stay continues to get even better , as new remoldeling continues to be completed . the service , from the general manager to the marketing people to the general staff , is simply wonderful . they all make the guests feel very welcome . the rooms are nice , with comfortable beds , flat screen t . v . ' s and recently updated bathrooms . each level of the six floor hotel includes a continental breakfast , which makes it easy to pick up your food and bring back to your room to enjoy . in the evening , they offer a fantastic hospitality suite with drinks and delicious appetizers , the perfect place to relax after a long day . all this is included in the room price , an extraordinary value for any hotel . the amalfi is ideally located with many fine restaurants in the immediate area . with my heavy national travel schedule , i rate the amalfi hotel as one of the best places to stay in chicago . 
stayed here for a long weekend in april a couple years ago . if there is one thing i love , it ' s a boutique hotel . our room had an awesome view ( and large window seat ) of the river . the bed was super comfy , and i even recall popping one of those bath fizz balls into the tub one night and soaking away the day ' s walk . the location is outstanding , and the staff is always ready to help with any need you have . i thought the decor was fantastic , as well . we had an amazing dinner at south water kitchen one night . we also used the bar as a pre-planning spot before heading out at night . 
was lucky enough to have business meeting at four seasons and spent a week including tgiving . what stands out the most is the overwhelming friendliness of the staff , from the bartender to the bellman on the street . all made it their job for you to be happy and welcomed . concierge heather was a special treat as every , and i mean every , recommendation she made was on the money . we explained what we liked in restaurants etc . and she came through with great recommendations , not necessarily on the top lists , which was even more unique and fun . although i use trip advisor heavily when traveling , heather was much better . debated upgrading to suite but we were so comfortable in our deluxe room that we decided to save the upgrade costs spend more on other fun things , food and the world class shopping all within blocks of the outstanding location . one of the best hotel gyms we have ever used . meeting accommodations superb . was there a downside ? yes but only three things . no coffee in room or on floor . i can get coffee in my room at the hampton inn , but not the four seasons ! ! ! i just do not understand the logic on that one . and the wireless internet is way too slow for what you would expect from the fs - better at starbucks . one evening there was an unexplained power failure , affecting most rooms for several hours - our room was black . very creepy . although apologies were made at checkout , i feel that this could have been handled much smoother by such a fine hotel . a nice apology letter under everyones door or maybe even e . g . free muffins or croissants in the lobby the next am , would have been an outstanding touch . it was like it was swept under the rug . these issues certainly stood out , because everything else was so fantastic . in the overall picture the few negatives were not huge and we remain overwhelmed with our experience and look forward to coming back . everything cannot be perfect for a full week stay , even the four seasons is in the real world - although when you enter the hotel it is a bit of a fantasy land . overall one of our top hotel experiences ever . and we even bought a four seasons bed . 
this was my first stay at a w and will probably be my last . i ' ve always heard how great they are , but now i think the reality is that they appeal to a certain type of traveler . this hotel is conveniently located on the orange " l " line and was a straight shot from midway airport . also it was very easy to navigate chicago and all the sights from here . fortunately i did not spend that much time in the hotel i just slept there . when i walked through the doors into the hotel everything went dark and there was loud music playing , as if i was in a nightclub or bar . directly in my path were several sofas and various types of seating , with people all around . i could not see a check in area anywhere ( it was off to the side in a corner with no directional markings ) . once i did find the check in area there was a long line waiting for two men standing behind podiums with spotlights on them . despite the fact that there were many " workers ' milling around and seated at other desks in the lobby , these two were the only ones checking in guests . my room was small and i expected that . i did not expect to be without some place to hang my clothes , however , so i just hung them on the shower rod . the walls of the room were also thin . i could hear the televisions and conversations of my neighbors quite clearly . otherwise i have no complaints about the room it was basic and everything was clean and in working order . if you want a trendy hip hotel with atmosphere in the lobby area then you will like this place . if you want rooms with a bit more space ( and a closet ) , more lighting ( even the elevators were dark ) and a more traditional feel , then you can probably find that nearby . 
nice location downtown , short walk to macy ' s , millenium park . had stayed off magnificent mile last time- this was a change . 
i was there this past weekend , and honestly , have no clue what the prior poster is talking about . what construction ? we checked in with ease and a smile , even though it was only N a . m . got a room on the Nrd floor . elevators were never a problem ( not even the problem earlier posters had pointed out about crowds , let alone what the prior poster said about only one elevator being in service ) . most of the time there was nobody or one other person couple in the elevator with us on the way up or the way down . we never waited more than a minute for the elevator . the lobby is nice - as i said in the title , very marriott-like . we were only there for a short stay , so never even sat in the lobby . did get a cup of tea at the starbucks in the lobby , again , nice , pleasant service . the room itself was average-size . i ' d estimate the main part of the room measures N x N . unbelieveably comfortable king-size bed and linens . as marriott rewards customers , we have stayed in many many marriotts , as well as many many other hotels over the years , and i ' d venture to say this was the most comfortable bed i ' ve ever slept on , including my own at home . small dresser and desk , loveseat , two nightstands . the room ' s biggest " issue " is the size of the bathroom . i ' ve only ever seen one smaller hotel bathroom in my life . this one was shockingly small . it was functional for one person -- it had a nice-size vanity , and it did have a good shower -- but the size made it impossible for two people to get ready at the same time . even the one person had to wait for the mirror to de-fog . the best things about the hotel - the bed , and knowing that the room would be non-smoking , because all marriotts are . we would stay here again . 
we booked through travelocity and paid N a night including breakfast . the rooms are small and modern . bed very comfortable . close to everything . bar on top floor , restaurant in lobby , both good . staff very friendly . 
this was without a doubt the best hotel we ' ve ever stayed at . from the moment we walked in the door we were treated like welcome guests . tracee and brandon , especially , were outstanding . we were upgraded to a better suite without extra charge because they ' d overbooked the one we reserved , and it was magnificent . the room was huge , clean , and comfortable . we were in the corner overlooking dearborn on one side and west illinois avenue on the other , and i adored it . everything we needed was right there without having to ask twice or wait . they helped us find our way around chicago , pointed out fantastic restaurants and places to see , even booked us a river tour . all with smiles , lively conversation , and the sincere joy of doing a job they obviously love . we are definitely coming back to chicago , and we are definitely staying at this hotel when we do ! 
stayed here N night for work . i travel to chicago often and enjoy trying new places . of the N hotels i ' ve stayed at , this was the worst . service was moderate , at best . the rooms were very old , uncomfortable bed , poor water pressure in the shower . i didn ' t feel clean the entire time i was in the room . luckily we were out late after dinner so i didn ' t have to spend much time in the room . this hotel is not worth the price . i would definately not be staying here again . the only plus is location , but there are better hotels ( for the same price ) to chose from . my advise , stay elsewhere . 
i stayed at the blackstone for two nights while attending a conference at the mammoth hilton next door . the blackstone is a lovely hotel - a much nicer place to stay than the impersonal , rather tired hilton . the welcoming , helpful staff really set the blackstone apart . from the bell staff who rush to help you with your bags or hail you a taxi , to the housekeeping staff who keep the rooms spic and span , they all did a first-rate job . it ' s definitely worth reserving a lakeview room mine was on the Nth room , and the views were spectacular - lake michigan with all its sailboats , grant park , and a view of the city from navy pier to the north all the way down to the museum campus and soldier field in the south . the room decor was funky modern the bed was supremely comfortable and everything worked well , including the flat-screen hdtv with lots of channels . the bathroom was spic and span lots of fluffy towels were provided , as well as bathrobes . no bathtub , but an excellent , spacious shower . as other reviewers have pointed out , the frosted-glass sliding bathroom door is a problem for those who are sharing a room and want some privacy . as i was staying by myself , it wasn ' t an issue . the only slight drawback was that the hotel ' s excellent tapas restaurant , mercat a la planxa , was closed for renovations during my stay - would have loved to try it . but it was fun to be right across the street from the taste of chicago event . i felt so comfortable and pampered that it was hard to leave my room to attend my conference . would love to stay here again on my next visit ! 
the omni chicago on michigan ave is a fantaastic hotel ! the rooms are a little on the small side but i guess thats the price you pay for being right on miracle mile . the omni was a little on the pricy side but again , you get what you pay for . great walking distance to everything on miracle mile , navy pier , john hancock tower and easy l access to wrigley field . i would definatly go back . 
i came last week with some girlfriends and we were just thrilled with the room and the service ! every staff person we dealt with was pleasant and accomodating . we had a very large room for a reasonable rate . a broken toilet handle was instantly fixed and everything else went very smooth . the location was great , many tourism attractions are within walking distance . having three kids , i have found it difficult to find hotel rooms that allow five people . the room we stayed in far exceeded our expectations . in addition to two bathrooms and two bedrooms it offered a living room with a kitchenette . this area was great for socializing in when others were ready to hit the sack . the next time i come to chicago with my family , this is definitely where we ' re staying . 
we arrived thursday to the doubletree . it was exactly where i thought it was . great location . near the mag mile ( about N blocks off ) but not on the mile . near good restaurants and shopping . now for the hotel . it was ok , but just didn ' t have the extra something that makes one ' s stay memorable . this hotel was remodeled last year . to be honest , it looks like an old building that they tried to upgrade . the carpet down our hall was dirty . near the elevators on the Nth floor there was a heating unit or something that had pulled away from the wall and you could see the area that was not wallpapered . the hinges on the doors were painted over instead of being removed during the painting process . also for a hotel that was just remodeled last year i don ' t understand why they have old tvs in the rooms . where are the flatscreens ? our rooms were large and clean . i liked the beds , but my sister thought they were too hard . be aware , when checking in , this hotel will freeze up N day on your credit card for incidentals . that i don ' t like and i have never had that happen at a marriott , crowne plaza or grand hyatt . if i hadn ' t asked , i would not have known and the only reason i asked is because i had that happen at a hilton garden inn in another city . with so many nice hotels in the city , i think i will opt for the courtyard marriott or the intercontinental next time i am in chicago . not because it ' s a bad hotel , but for a the same amount of money you can do better . 
first , the positive--the seneca is in a great location , we had a very large , clean suite with bedroom , living room , dining table and full kitchen ( which we didn ' t use ) . negatives--thin , skimpy towels and not enough for N people . bathroom was tiny , plastic sink had multiple cracks and water pressure was very low in shower . ac had already been turned off for the entire hotel and the weather was warm . as a result , the room was hot and we had to open windows --which didn ' t help much . street noise because of open windows . the bed was hard as a board , which made sense as there was a board built into the box spring ! pillows flat and worn . no black out drapes and some blinds were ripped and broken . worst of all , the room and overheated hallways reeked of sweet -smelling sachet air freshener cleaning fluids which was cloying and very unpleasant . there is no excuse for any of this , regardless of price . management should get their act together and spend some money on amenities instead of the doorman ' s spiffy uniform . 
we enjoyed our stay and will stay again . we got a promo for valentine ' s day for N ( plus tax ) per night ! i even fell in town and the hotel provided me with an ice pack . 
great location and fabulous people make this a great place to stay - a thoroughly enjoyable experience . 
barely a N-star . dated , noisy rooms ( the train runs down the back side with noise from early to late ) . there was a gap in the cabinets where a mini-fridge should have been and a separate mini-fridge was sitting on the for on the opposite side of the room taking up needed space in the tiny room . no tub , only shower . i paid extra for the club level . after i checked in i asked when evening appetizers would be served and i was told that since i wasn ' t a marriott rewards gold or platinum , i couldn ' t have access to the lounge . really ? not conveniently located . far better choices in this city . 
then this place will work for you . we got a room with two doubles in the bedroom and a double-sized sleep sofa was in the living room . the rooms were large , especially the bathroom . the sink was outside the toilet shower area , with a lot of counter space . i can ' t decide if the decor is dated or was planned by someone with no sense of style . i ' m leaning towards the latter , as most items are still in pretty good shape , even though they appear to be circa N . we paid an arm and a leg for the place ( N with taxes ) , but every place downtown was super-expensive during lollipalooza . at least we got the N parking package . when booking , pay extra-close attention , as that parking package is easy to miss . if using the hotel ' s parking service , just pull up in front of the grand ave . entrance for the valet park . we requested a rollaway bed , but none were available . the hotel was completely sold out during our stay . the good news is the wait for the elevators wasn ' t usually too bad , nor was the noise from other guests . my son wasn ' t particularly fond of the pool or work-out room . i thought the breakfast was great and i ' m pretty picky . the scrambled eggs tasted like real eggs , as did the sausage . they also served hash brown potatoes . there were ripe pineapple chunks and melon balls , too . the breakfast room is a zoo if the hotel is crowded . you may have to wait a few minutes for a table . get there early or be prepared to get a container to go , as you may have to eat in your room . there is no conceirge , so you must go to the front desk . they gave us directions to gino ' s , but failed to mention the discount coupons they have available . ( i asked if they wanted some we didn ' t use . ) they have discount coupons for many restaurants and tours , so don ' t forget to ask for them . 
a group of us stayed here for a few days at valentines weekend . with a great location ( just off michigan ave ) and clean , well equipped rooms this turned out to be a great choice , even down to the rose in my room on one of the nights ! highly recommended . 
i stayed at the westin this past weekend for a friends weekend . our service was really good and we never had any trouble with getting help with our bags or getting help with a taxi . there was always someone there to help us with both , very quickly as well . the rooms were a little outdated , but not a big deal to us . my only complaint is that the maid took our dirty towels and wash clothes , but didn ' t replenish us with new ones . i don ' t know how this happens at a major hotel chain ? the location is the best feature . it is within walking distance to almost everything . when i return to chicago , i will probably not want to spend N ( tax included ) night again , but if you have the money , i would recommend it . however , i think i can get a cheaper rate from another hotel chain a block away ( holiday inn express , red roof inn--both of which looked really nice from the street ) . 
stayed here in may ' N when this was still known as hotel blake . was hoping this wouldn ' t become part of a big chain so that there prices would stay nice and manageable . ohh well . . . being located only a few minutes from michigan ave and famous buckingham fountain , it is also located close to several different cta stations , so getting around town is quite easy . there are a couple of entrances into the hotel . one is shared with the entrance to custom house , a restaurant on the corner of congress pkwy ( they make their own ice cream ! ! ) . the main entrance is closer to the middle of the block . the lobby is off the main entrance and there is a nice long hallway leading to the lobby from the secondary entrance . between both entrances is the business center with a couple of computers and nice comfy leather chairs . the folks at the reception were nice , courteous , and professional . the room was nice and large with a king size bed , a comfy lounge chair , tv console with flat screen tv , and a comfy bench at the end of the bed . the room not only looked plush and rich , but everything actually was . the room even came with bathrobe and house slippers . the bed was so comfy after a long day of walking around town , but the warm shower before that was even more so with a nice rainfall shower head . all in all one of the most comfortable places i stayed in for a couple of days and for the price , there was no other place i would have preferred to stay . 
this hotel has a perfect location which means you can walk to most of chicago ' s major attractions like mag mile , navy pier , millennium park , loop , state street . there are also subway stations close by to reach attractions more far away . from o ' hare airport we took the blue line subway to the downtown station clark lake for N . N ea . and then had a N minute-walk to the hotel . the hotel itself is an older building which you can tell from the interior . there are old doors and old cabinets inside the rooms . the hotel offers little service , no ice , no restaurants , no vending machines . still , the staff is very friendly , safes are available in the reception office and the rooms are clean , have tv , stereo , a clean bathroom . another plus free wi-fi in the room . rooms appaer a bit dark as they have dark rugs and furniture . we recommend the corner bakery next door for meals . we would stay again for location but not really because the hotel is so great . 
the palmer house is one of the historic hotels in chicago , and it is nice . the bed was good , everything was as clean as could be expected , but the hotel is noisy . you can hear everything that goes on in the corridor and vice versa - not very good . i found myself on Nnd floor with access to the executive lounge and breakfast , which i do not recall reserving . breakfast there was nice - but " deluxe " as the hotel claims no way ! two kinds of juice , three kinds of fruit and some danish , and that was all , nothing exceptional at all ! would i stay there again ? no , i would choos to be in the near north or in the lincoln park area , where there is more life after working hours . but if you want to stay in the loop , then palmer house is fine , although by no means luxury experience . 
good location . . . is about it ! the rooms are not soundproof . we were woken up every night of our N night stay by drunk kids in the halls at every hour . . the concierge only works until N or N pm . our shower nor our sink would drain properly . . . . we were standing in a pool of water while showering . 
staff extremely friendly and helpful from the time of check-in to check-out . rooms , though small , were very clean and serviced promptly everyday of our stay . excellent continental breakfast in lovely appointed lobby . will definitely stay there again for our next stay . 
whenever i am in chicago i typically stay at this hotel or the downtown renaissance . this marriott had a total lobby re-do a few years ago which is a tremendous improvement . the staff are always friendly and helpful . there is a starbucks in the lobby , which is great in the morning and they have a regular restaurant as well--which is pretty decent . the concierge lounge on the Nnd floor is really nice and serves a decent hot breakfast in the mornings--it is crowded , but there is alot of seating . the rooms could use some updating--this hotel gets alot of traffic thru it , so some aspects of the room start to feel alittle old . the bathrooms are small and could use some updating . the hallways are dated . i have never had a cleanliness issue here--the rooms seem to be clean and there is always a housekeeper in the hallway if i have ever needed anything . they are also friendly and helpful . the hotel itself is conveniently located to michigan ave and all the area shopping . they have wi-fi for a cost ( if you are marriott rewards platinum you don ' t pay--not sure if that applies to gold as well ) , but i have yet to see a hotel that gives it away for free . my most recent trip was on wednesday and i arrived very early at Nam--way earlier than the usual check-in time . there was a major conference in town and they had alot of people trying to check in . they took my cellphone at the front desk , i gave my luggage to the bellman and went to have breakfast . within an hour i had gotten a call that my room was ready . i don ' t anticipate changing where i stay when traveling to chicago--which i do a couple times a quarter . 
we stayed in a standard room at a special discounted rate through trip advisor . the room was extremely clean and nice design . i didn ' t utilise any of the services of the hotel , though they did provide free internet connection . the only problem we had was accidentally turning off fridge at the safety board , but a quick phone call and N minutes later the problem was fixed and we were shown how not to do it again . bed was a great sleep though not too much to look at out the window , which didn ' t bother me as i never intended to see chicago from inside a hotel . great place to stay and would happily choose this hotel again . 
our family of four drove to chicago in the family suburban . i was a little worried about parking but the holiday inn martplaza has an open air parking lot just outside the front doors and while it was a bit hard to find at first once we got oriented to where it was in relation to all other places we were going it was great . found a great rate online that included free parking ( a big deal when comparing rates ! ) . room was clean and quiet and we enjoyed our stay . ( did not eat at inhouse restaurant so i can ' t comment on that we found breakfast and dinner elsewhere ) love chicago ' s museums and aquarium and skydeck . buy a citypass ! best way to go ! 
if you want to stay in a hotel with an entrance on the magnificent mile , i would recommend this hotel . my husband and i booked our room on hotwire . com and got a wonderful rate over the Nth of july holiday . we had probably the smallest room in the hotel , but it was clean and extremely quiet . the bathroom was a nice size that easily allowed two people to get ready at one time . the room had a large flat-screen television , a desk large enough to do work , and a decent sized closet . i was impressed with the bed -- soft , but not too soft . the staff was pleasant and not too in-your-face . if you are high-maintenance and want the staff to constantly greet you and ask you if you need anything , this might not be the place for you . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago , especially if you want a location in the middle of it all . it is an easy walk to great shopping , the hancock tower , and many restaurants . 
i was pleased with the comfortable spacious room and clean bathroom . quiet , high floor , wide open view of the water and the pier . location was a huge plus short cab ride less than N minutes to my work convention needs at navy pier , also convenient to michigan avenue shopping ( without having to contend with the traffic and crowds ) , and good areas nearby for restaurants . lots of cabs coming by and i never had to wait long . lacked in-room free internet with vegas prices of N per N hours which was not nice for a business trip requiring lots of emailing and etc . in morning and evening . had to sit downstairs in the hallway near their coffee shop to get online without a charge . in-room safe was laughably small and would not fit a laptop or a large camera . 
four N-something girls traveled to chicago for a concert and stayed here because of location . things were fine until we stopped for gas on the way home . we pooled gas money and put the extra in the console . we valeted the car and enjoyed the concert . the next day , halfway home , we stopped for gas . our money was gone . we should not have left it there - we just forgot about it . it was around N . i immediately called the hotel , i spoke to the valet manager . he said he would see who was working the previous night , investigate and get back to me . of course he never did and my calls went unreturned . we ' ll not be back . the hotel itself was fine . no complaints . 
we booked the room on hotwire . this was the first time we used a third party booking service . i ' m not sure if the hotel holds lesser rooms for these services , or how it works , but it so happened that we ended up with an older room , outdated bathroom , and paper-thin walls . the staff was prompt and friendly , and the hotel was clean . the location was second to none . if considering this hotel , maybe spend the extra for a newer room . also beware , parking at the hotel is N for every N hours ! 
great location and layout , spacious and clean room , with great view ! close to many weekend hot spots ! minutes away from navy pier , riverwalk , magnificent mile , etc . . 
from the moment we arrived at the james chicago my birthday was amazing ! the service was first class . they never missed a beat . the staff ' s smiles , hello ' s and have a great day made our stay enjoyable . the room was clean and beautiful . while staying at the hotel enjoy the car service , which was excellent thanks to craig . the concierge recommended great places to dine and tour . we ' ll be back to enjoy the james again . 
everything was great . even though the conrad did not have a pool , it offered swimming for us at a hilton sister property down the street . got a great rate about two months out and really enjoyed a quality luxury stay . my son was very impressed as well . 
my husband and i stay at westins quite often . last year ( december N ) , i brought my mother and sister-in-law to enjoy the westin michigan avenue . at Nam , we were awoken by a torpedo of ice crashing through our window from the hancock building . it shattered our window and cold chicago air came streaming in our room . after waiting bundled up in coats in our cold room for the manager to never call us back , we headed to the hotel lobby where we sat around for over an hour in our pajamas , waiting for the next move - are we going to another room or are they sending us to another hotel ? apparently other guests had experienced the same thing and they went to other hotels . we , the three of us , were put up in a king bed room where it was warm . the management advised us that they were slowly replacing all the windows on this side with safety glass . we were comped this night and given another night to stay . we accepted that this is out of the hotel ' s control with ice falling off a different building . although we were taken back by the service by the management , we decided to try again this year . december Nth , N , we were placed in a very nice corner room . beautiful room . we arrived after shopping that evening and realized there was no heat . the maintenance man was great and tried all he could to get the heater back working . N out of the N worked , but this was just not enough to keep us warm . the solution from the management - give us more blankets . we were given one extra blanket for my mother . now , it ' s not like it was N degrees , but it was not warm and cozy , and for the luxury hotel they strive to be , i need to let you know our experience and why we really don ' t want to experience the westin michigan avenue again . please also take note that the maintenance men advised us that the windows were never replaced with safety glass or double pane glass and that the windows break as a " common occurrence " . until the windows are safe , i will advise against not staying here to my fellow friends and employees . this is negligence to not take all necessary precautions . what if someone was looking out the window and a piece of ice came through while a guest was standing at the window ? not safe at all . if you do need to stay at this hotel during the winter , please ask for a room opposite the hancock building . 
couldn ' t ask for a much better location if you want to stay in downtown chicago and be able to walk around . pros - fantastic location . right next to michigan ave . bridge with the wrigley building right across the river . - very affordable given the location . ( of course , we went for the Nth of july and this is a business hotel chain . ) - cheap and tasty place to have breakfast just outside the hotel . ( corner bakery cafe ) - don ' t need a car if you plan to stay in chicago . close to lots of transit . cons - my wife and i went to chicago for our honeymoon . loved the town , but this hotel is not the most romantic . - somewhat spartan accommodations
from check-in to check-out everyone we interacted with was friendly and helpful . savannah at check-in was the perfect representative for the hotel . helpful and accomodating , savannah ensured that both rooms in my reservation were on the same floor . the rooms were well appointed and we had a a nice view of the city . the flat screen television was nice and the beds were outstanding . ( i had a hard time getting my husand and son out of the beds ! ) we found that the ihome ipod docking station had its power source removed and the bellman had one brought to us within five minutes . one of the things i really enjoyed about the hotel was that there were many places to just sit and relax . we went to the lobby for a pre-dinner walkabout drink and had no problem finding an area for five guests . in the morning , there was a nice coffee kiosk ( j ' s ) with a variety of drinks and snacks . i found the prices to be very reasonable , by chicago standards . my only remark would be that the valet collection was a bit hectic , but i do have to admit , we didn ' t call N minutes ahead as the hotel had requested . i would certainly return . 
lovely hotel in the heart of chicago walking distance to all the great shopping and sightseeing that this city has to offer ( right outside the front door of the hotel ) . right next door to neiman marcus , two blocks from the john hancock tower ( loved the cheesecake factory inside ) and wonderful gino ' s restaurant outside the door . the most friendly and accommodating staff from the people at the front desk to maintenance man . would defiantly look forward to my next stay with affinia in chicago . 
this hotel was fabulous ! the staff was welcoming , kind , courteous , and extremely helpful . the room was immaculate . my entire stay was a N positive experience and as i just moved my daughter to college in chicago , this hotel will be my number one choice to stay for at least the next four years ! ! ! 
great stay with luxury and awesome views of lake michigan . you have to check out the eleven city diner a short taxi ride but awesome food . 
overall the chinatown hotel got the job done . there are no elevators i had to climb N stories with N bags and a backpack . the room internet did not work but oh well . check in time is Npm but my room was not ready until N Np . even then i had to ask nobody said that it was ready . the room air conditioner worked but it did not produce any really cool air . the attached picture is an actual shot that i took on sunday , N N N . i was there for some training downtown . location was great and lots of chinese restaurants nearby . 
we stayed in this place for N nights and really loved it . we got a good deal on hotwire for it ( N for N nights ) the location is great , in magnificent mile , walking distance to navy pier and lots of other cool places . when we arrived , the hotel lobby was crazy crowded and we had to wait in a long line to check in . but the staff were really friendly and they gave us a room on the N nd floor . it had a fantastic view to the lake . the room was really nice and well decorated . it was a bit small though . we didn ' t try any of the restaurants on site , so i cannot comment on them . but there was a starbucks in lobby level which was convenient . the only negative point of this hotel is the parking issue ( which is a natural problem in magnificent mile ) they charge N per night for the valet service . i found a close by parking with a lower rate and parked there . the whole crazy traffic and the stress of finding a parking was a bit of negative point for us in the begining . otherwise this place is great and if you are looking for a pleasant stay , go for it . 
i pre-booked a four day stay with my wife as the hotel is next to grant park on the lake front and fairly central to the magnificant mile and a range of museums etc . the hotel is of a victorian style with large , bay windows and very high ceilings giving a feeling of spaciousness . the interior is a bit tired and dated with the corridors being dark and dull . check-in was very fast ( ess than a minute ) and when i was shown to my " lake view " room on level N i found that there was no sight of the lake because the trees of grant park completely occluded the view . the hotel would not change me to a higher level even though i had paid a big premium for the lake view . wired internet was available in the room at N per day but was dissapointingly slow . to get wireless connectivity ( vailable only in the foyer ) required an additional payment of N per device - what a rip off ! the room was comfortable with a massive bed and the michigan avenue outside was not too noisy to sleep . breakfast was a disaster with a fairly good buffet available only on days when there was a high occupancy . i was required to buy pre-paid breakfast vouchers for N per day to use the buffet but on the days when this was not available i was forced to use the voucher for an " all american breakfast " which was just two eggs , toast , hash brownes and bacon . my wife being a vegetarian requested a salad bowl and toast but was told that the american breakfast was all that was available despite there being a wide choice of vegtarian alternatives on the menu for less than N . an argument ensued and the hotel maintained their stance that the prepaid breakfast vouchers eliminated all choice of other types of food . i ended up eating breakfast at a nearby restaurant and still paying for the vouchers at the hotel . overall this could have been a nice hotel reasonably priced in a good location had it not have been for the strange policy on breakfast . 
hotel blake is in a great location downtown . you are not going to find a better value for your dollar . parking at hotel is N overnight , but there is a N parking lot across the street . nice little bar as well . staff was extremely friendly and helpful . if i come to chicago , this is the only hotel i will stay . 
i was in chicago for business and my boss booked us at the best western , it wouldn ' t have been my choice for sure . the location is perfect . it ' s right near mag mile for shopping and so many other attractions so if you want to be close , this is a great place . we were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go which was great . they do have free parking which in this town , is a huge bonus . the rooms are really outdated . the bathroom was pretty gross ( squishy liner and assorted other issues ) and it is a noisy hotel overall . if you are a light sleeper , this isn ' t the place for you . i have to say , outdated room and noise aside , the staff at this hotel is top notch . they go out of their way to be helpful and are so friendly , i was totally impressed . i had problems with the lock on my door and they handled it immediately and apologized for the problem . they had tons of recommendations of places to eat drink and sights to see . the friendliness of the staff and the location outweighed the rest of the not so great things about this hotel . 
if you have a chance to stay in the hotel , it ' s a great value . it offers great amenities and is very conveniently located . some websites might not post the best pictures , but it seems as though in the recent past , the entire hotel has been remodeled-even the hallways are nice . they have two computers in the main floor guest lounge which are great for printing boarding passes , finding attractions directions , etc . it ' s comfortable and the service was prompt and curtious . you could even have exercise equipment delivered to your room if you didn ' t want to work out in their fitness center . the only negative thing i could mention about the stay was that the water pressure in the shower wasn ' t that great . but otherwise , this is a fantastic place to stay , and i will be going back . 
so my son and i were in chicago for his N th birthday weekend . i have never been to chicago and booked this hotel through priceline . got a great rate and the location was great . the staff was very friendly and helpful . like the reviews say the standard rooms are a bit small but really how much room do you need . the beds were a little bigger than a double . the only thing i would say about the room is that they need to change the carpet it was showing the wear . the only big issue that we had was that when we checked in i was told that there was a N incidental charge that needed to be paid and i would get it back when we check out . that wasn ' t a problem however i checked my bank the next morning and saw that the woman who checked me in charged me almost N not just the N . i was able to resolve it and the front desk was some help . i was a bit surprised however that the hotel didn ' t offer something for the huge inconvenience . it wasn ' t a small mistake . so when checking in be sure you are being charged the right amount . 
one of the cheaper hotels near downtown chicago , so quite an attractive tourist option . if you ' re wanting to spend most of your time around the magnificent mile , you could probably find more convenient places , although it ' s almost next to the museum campus , the symphony hall and a few theatres , so it depends what your priorities are . it ' s also just round the corner from the roosevelt cta station , so it ' s quite easy to get around by public transport . the hotel ' s a pretty typical chain-type . my room was good - very big with a desk , arm chair , bed-side table with clock radio , plenty lights , a coffee machine , a good tv and a good bathroom . the only problem with my room was the heating air conditioning . it was quite cold without heating but it ' s a fan heater and quite a noisy one , so you couldn ' t keep it on at night . another downside was the breakfast . while it was good that some form of complimentary breakfast was provided , it was a bit haphazard ! on my first day it was very nice - a decent selection of croissant , toast , egg muffins and pastries , with orange juice , tea coffee and jam . however , on the other days i was there , at least one of those was generally unavailable . croissants with no butter or jam , for instance . and out of N days , orange juice was only there on N . so don ' t go expecting a feast ! 
i found this hotel to be ideally located in downtown chicago . the rooms though a bit small as expected for a metropolitan hotel were very comfortable and functional . 
my girlfriend and i arrived at the sutton place hotel on saturday , march Nst , N for her Nth birthday celebration night on the town . the hotel is conveniently located near rush street downtown and was easy to find . upon arrival , i opted for the onsite parking ( N day ) with valet service . check-in went smooth and the room was nice although N floors lower than the one promised on the phone . the backside view was mainly of two buildings under construction but we could see the spires from the sears tower in the background which was nice . the room itself was luxurious and spacious and the bathroom was very nice . . . until you try to take a shower . the water pressure on our floor was trickling at best but i am glad i was able to take a good shower upon arriving before hitting the town . the next morning , we used the included continental breakfast voucher for room service which arrived in a timely manner . after breakfast , we were going to finish watching our movie , take showers , check out of the hotel and hit the art museum . just as we were finishing the movie , the cable went out . . every channel . we waited a while and my girlfriend just got in the shower . she mentioned that there was not enough water pressure to make the shower work so after fiddling with it , we got it to work by starting on cold , activating the shower head and then gradually working it back to warm until it hit that sweet spot of luke-warm showerhead turn-off . little did i know she was lucky to get a shower to start with . when it came to my turn , there was no hot water at all ( no water running through hot spigots in the shower or sink ) and yellow water from the cold making us gag just looking at it . the toilet then started running continuously and filling with yellow water . a call down to the front desk at least a half hour into all of this indicated that a transformer was out down the street . i asked if there was anything they could do and they stated that it was out of their control and that there was absolutely nothing that could be done . i would have at least appreciated a call with an update or a late checkout or something - nothing was offered except a quick hang-up . i am not a rude traveler and i usually let the little things slide but not having water for a shower is a pretty big deal for me in a hotel . i am pretty sure i have never had that problem in other , less luxurious hotels - i have had better service at almost any other hotel . so , if you are staying in chicago for anything important and do not want to be at the mercy of excuses and poor customer service for problems " outside of the hotel ' s control " , try out the four points by sheraton downtown . i stayed there N years ago for a week and the service was impeccable . i was kicking myself mid-morning about not revisiting the sheraton again this time . 
we stayed at the affinia because it was next to the hospital where our grand-daughter was about to be born . lovely room and accommodations were spoiled by a miserable night ' s sleep . how could this be ? the heating plant in the room cycled on about every N minutes and was about as loud as a truck when it went on . we sleep just fine but could not sleep through this intrusive noise . if you are planning to stay , plan on turning off your heater or maybe get some earplugs
i ' ve stayed at several hiltons in the past and always been pleased but that is not the case with the chicago hilton ! the room was clean but that was about it . the television is circa N , and the remote in our room didn ' t have a battery , but that was probably because the back was missing . i called and did quickly receive a new one . i tried to connect to their wireless and it worked just long enough to charge me the fee . . . twice ! i had to constantly call technical support ( i ' m a communications officer ) and get them to fix their network issues . i did receive the military rate which made the rate acceptable , but all of the hidden charges , N a night for parking , N for continental continental breakfast , i mean N pastry , N juice , N coffee . . are you serious ? ! if you want to use the gym , that will be N a day , like i work out more than once a day , internet , N . N a day , and as i said it ' s completely unreliable . . i should get paid for the time i had to spend on hold with technical support . . . luckily i had the N . N bottle of water to keep me quenched while i was on the phone . everywhere you turn there is an extra charge , i guess i should have realized what the theme of the hotel was going to be when i checked in and was scolded for being N minutes early which starting this year they will be charging N dollars if you arrive before Npm . uh ok , i ' ll sit in your lobby and be constantly hounded by your overly zealous staff for tips and just wait the N minutes . like i said . . the rooms were clean , but i ' d never stay here again and honestly they ' ve put a very bad taste in my mouth about all the hiltons . . . . bad taste . . . now that is priceless . 
my friend and i chose this hotel on a recommendation from my partner who found it on aerlingushotels . com which was giving an amazing rate at the time . the hotel is located directly off michigan avenue on the wonderfully named superior street . the lobby is huge , high ceilings , marble floors , with attentive doorman and friendly welcoming front desk staff . the lady was very pleasant and chatty and gave us a lovely introduction to the hotel and the city . our room was on the Nth floor and was very large for a basic twin room . two huge king size beds with lots of comfortable cushions and pillows . there was an extensive pillow menu to choose from also , but the ones provided were excellent . one entire wall of the room was the window , looking out right down the city block with amazing views of the city ' s sky scrapers to the south . the room was always bright and clean and with all the space , it was a joy to relax in after a long day strolling around the city . the bathroom is undeniably the best i ' ve ever had in a hotel room . including staying in suites at N star european hotels . the room is long , with plenty of space and a huge , walk in shower , that was almost the size of a normal entire bathroom in most hotels . the washbasin and mirror are a design feature alone . a massive circular mirror with it ' s own light regulation feature ensures you ' re never blinded or pasty , as one appears in most fluorescent lit hotel bathrooms . indeed , all the lights in the bathroom ( including inside the shower ) can be regulated from dimmer switches at the door . there ' s plenty of closet space , the desk is large and useful , there ' s also two ottomans that are handy for sitting on or laying your belongings on . nearby the hotel is a small corner breakfast place called pierre gourmet ' s . if anyone was staying at this hotel or in the area , i would implore them to eat here . it ' s an amazing place , sit down , table service , beautiful selection of breakfast foods , with a dearth of choice of breads . don ' t expect to find many bars nearby , my friend and i looked each night within walking distance and found none . other nice food recommendations are the ralph lauren grill which is at the corner of N e chicago ave , they do an amazing steak sandwich and have amazingly chic and interesting client le . for an evening meal we found avec ( N w . randolph ) from the wallpaper guide and would go back in a heartbeat . beautiful tapas style food , always hard to get a table , but really worth the wait outside . 
hotel was booked at last minute through expedia for visiting family . mainly chosen for closeness to their apartment and excellent deal . arrived about Npm by taxi from o ' hare airport . no offer was made from hotel staff to assist with luggage even though we are both pensioners . receptionist was not particularly welcoming . more interested in selling an upgrade to a lake view at N extra per night . we declined her offer and found that our room ( on the Nnd floor ) was huge with one of the best and cleanest bathrooms we have seen in a hotel - generous top , bath and seperate shower and lovely toiletries . in addition we could also see the lake through the surrounding buildings and grant park . the bed and pillows were the most comfortable we have ever come across in any hotel and with very quiet air conditioning set at a comfortable Nf we had the best sleep we have ever had in a hotel . charges for services in the room were high - N for a movie , N just to get an outside line for a ' free ' phone call . breakfast was good but again quite expensive at about N for N people but the staff in the restaurant were all very friendly and helpful . we visit our family N or N times a year so would probably use the hotel again for convenience but only if we got the same excellent deal . for the normal price we have stayed at far superior hotels where we have been made to feel more welcome by the staff . would only recommend to a friend or family if they could get the same good deal . 
we have stayed at many hotels throughout the years , but the service and value of this hotel are outstanding ! we were celebrating our Nth anniversary with our children . while dining at a local restaurant , we were surprised by a complementary bottle of wine sent over from the hotel manager , jennifer . now that ' s service ! the food , wine and beer were included in our visit were more than generous and allow the stay in chicago to be more affordable . the only change we would like to see is a more comfortable mattresses on the fold out couch . 
i recently met my partner in chicago for short N day getaway vacation . my partner had arrived in chicago a few days before me . this was his first visit to chicago and my first visit in about N years . we chose the hard rock due to its location and reputation . when i arrived in chicago , this hotel was conveniently located near union station ( train station ) , only about N blocks . the hotel is very close to the hancock building , millenium park with ice skating , navy pier , and not far from halstead street . my partner was ecstatic with the hotel even before i arrived . we stated in a tower king suite that was a great room . i loved the open shower , the great bed linens that were available for sale in the gift shop , toiletries , and a spectacular view . the base bar in the hotel had an very helpful and friendly staff who were actually first to greet me . the desk staff was very helpful as well especially a very nice young lady named maria aka mar . i know that we will be returning to chicago and we will definitely be staying at this wonderful hotel ! ! ! oh and take advantage of the in-room massage service if you have a chance . 
from the moment i pulled up in my rental car and the " bellman " looked at me with disdain , until the moment i checked out , my stay at the raffaello was completely disappointing . the location is great , i ' ll give it that , but the minute you enter the lobby , it becomes moot . the front desk staff were unwelcoming and not of the caliber nor polish that a hotel demands . i never got so much as smile or a sense that they were happy to have me . i was asked for my credit card and not once did either person look me in the eye . instead , i received a perfunctory explanation of the coffee bar in the lobby . there was no bellman to take my bags to my room . i did it myself . the room was spacious , but devoid of charm . the walls still sport their original plaster , albeit covered in an ugly ochre paint job . the bathroom was tiny . a glass shelf installed above the sink meant that every time i bent to wash my face i banged my forehead on the shelf . there is a small closet , so filled with bathrobes , slippers , a safe , an ironing board , an iron , etc . , that you cannot hang one item of clothing in it ! there is no room service yet each night a breakfast menu is on each bed . why ? ? ? i could go on . the only saving grace is a young blonde concierge , who ' s name i didn ' t get , who helped us both nights of our stay . he was wonderful and some other hotel should go scoop him up immediately . i will never go back to the raffaello , nor recommend it to anyone i know . the last night of my stay one of the elevators was out of service . it was a saturday night . i , and a dozen other guests , waited more than N minutes to get to our rooms . no one said a word to us or apologized . disgraceful . for N per night this hotel has a long way to go to justify the cost of the stay . it is lacking in every standard set by other hotels . 
it was a good hotel , although i did not stay there too much . the elevators were a little weird but since it was a business trip and i did not have to pay , it was good enough . 
my wife and i stayed at the talbott friday thru monday . we took the train from midway airport to state street station and walked the short distance to the talbott . the front desk employees were great and our room was ready , we arrived about N Npm . we ventured out to rush street and grabbed lunch at carmines . what a wonderful find . right across the street from the hotel is more cupcakes . certainly worth stopping by . the concierge tim was outstanding . we were looking for a local bar to watch a football game , tim mentioned pizano ' s right on state st . the best thin crust pizza ! it was only steps from the hotel and the bartender was memorable . tim also directed us to the underground bar for live late night music . it too was right around the corner . the last night we has dinner at gibson ' s steakhouse on rush street . great steak and large sides . very professional staff and service . this too was about a N minute walk from the talbott . our room was perfect and very large . we faced delaware street on the Nth floor . on the weekend a local paper was available in the lobby . on weekdays , usa today at your door . we were provided a N . N credit per person each day for breakfast . this covered what we ordered each day . the bar bistro where we had breakfast was also a evening destination for drinks . perfect stay . looking forward to our next visit . 
having booked a queen room through expedia , i was upgraded on arrival to a king bed suite , including large bathroom with separate tub shower . this was a nice , unexpected touch . there ' s no question that you can hear the l trains as they rumble along wabash , but from the seventh floor it was a periodic dull hum that , as an urban apartment dweller , did not bother me . my guess is this would be more significant on the lower floors , especially for light sleepers . the l runs until about Nam , so it won ' t be a problem for the night owls either way . the mattress was great , and the furniture in general was fine all around . the tvs ( there were two ) in the room are indeed older tubes not lcds , but who ' ll be wasting their trip watching them anyway ? the clock radio was nicer than usual , with two alarms and a cd player built-in . room overall was quite clean , a couple of notches below ' sparkling ' . this didn ' t bother me , but the guest who wants to see their reflection in the toilet bowl might take issue . for some reason the rubber latch on the shower door appeared to have been broken for some time . draping a towel over the door kept most of the water from splashing out , but why it was in this condition i can ' t imagine , as the part couldn ' t have cost more than N . i had intended to mention this on departure but forgot . staying at a hotel on the east side of the loop , one block from michigan av , you ' re ideally located in a safe area that ' s an easy walk to many sites of interest , and situated amidst many of the buildings chicago is known for . transit access couldn ' t be much better , and there are plenty of places to eat during the daytime . it ' s true that the loop district does somewhat empty out after the close of the business day , but i never felt unsafe walking around in the wee hours . late night dining options are relatively few in the immediate vicinity though . for the price i paid , i ' d stay here again in a second . 
we stayed at the silversmith for N nights . location was great for getting around chicago on public transportation , employees were always helpful , the hotel and room were clean , bed was comfortable , room suite was spacious and the price was fair . we would gladly stay again . 
ok , i went to priceline , entered where i wanted to stay and crossed my fingers . found the hotel that accepted my rate , and again , crossed my fingers . read some reviews on the hotel and was a little concerned , everyone complaining about using two elevators , and how terrible the people who worked there were . i was apprehensive from the start , ready for the worst , but when i arrived , the bellman gave simple directions ( there were N of us , to include a N y o N y o and N y o . . ) to get up to the hotel . walk in the revolving door , by the escalator and take the elevator . wow . . and people had compained about that ? ok , i figured it had to get much worse . upstairs , at check in where the " rude obnoxious " desk people were according to another review , stood these two women who were more than happy to help us , and even went the extra mile to find us adjoining rooms , on the same floor as the pool deck . ok , we went to the rooms , yes did take another elevator , but we made it with no effort ( remember N kids ! ) . got to the room and expected the huge csi crime scene another reviewer posted about , and the rooms were immaculate . i opened the curtain expecting a view commensurate with what i had paid , and poof , there was the chicago skyline . hancock building one way , and sears tower another , along with the river right below us . yes , the restaraunt is over priced , but N blocks away is a fast food restaraunt . we used room service for desert only and had no problems with the delivery or service . the pool was a little chilly , but i believe it to be because the pool deck was kept at N degrees . the water was great once you were in it . fitness room with a sauna was superb . if you want a complaint from me , it will only be that next time i use priceline , sadly i am afraid that my experience won ' t be this great . 
after having a great stay at the w lakeshore , we thought we ' d give the w city center a try . big mistake ! we booked a room with a king bed in the ' mega ' category . we received a starwood gold upgrade to an ' alternative ' suite ( room N ) which had a queen bed . when i called the welcome desk to enquire if they had any other suites with a king , i was told that they were too busy to speak with me - and they would call me back . N minutes later , i was told that all of their suites have king beds - and that their engineering dept . must have changed the bed in our room without informing them . ( which sounded a bit like a lie - the bedroom could not accommodate a king bed ) . we waited another N minutes for an ' ambassador ' to come up to our room with keys to another suite ( room N ) which had a king bed - but this ' suite ' was considerably smaller . ( what the w calls a suite at this location is really just two small connecting hotel rooms ) . it was apparent that our new room hadn ' t been used in a while - everything was covered in a layer of dust - including the mirror in the parlour room - which someone hand written ' clean me ' in the dust . we decided to make the best of it and unpacked . the ice machine on the Nth floor was broken , so i had to climb the stairs in search of a working machine . i know that w thinks their dark corridors are ' cool ' , but when i was wandering the halls looking for an ice machine , i felt unsafe - if their was a fire , how would you be able to see at all ? the next morning i was awakened to sound of guest room doors being repeatedly opened and slammed shut . after counting N loud door ' slams ' - i went out to the hall to see who was doing this - surprise ! it was housekeeping ! i asked her to to be more courteous - as some people are still sleeping - and she just stared at me - no apology . we decided that we would be happier if we moved to the w lakeshore - and called downstairs to ask if they could make the arrangements . i was again told that they were too busy to speak with me - and they would call me back . when they did call back - i was told that our rate would not be honoured at the w lakeshore , nor would we receive an upgrade there . if we wanted a suite at the w lakeshore it was N . N per night . at that point we decided that we were moving to the sofitel and checked out . our bill was wrong - double charged for internet and not billed for parking . they even tried to charge us an ' early check out fee ' which they graciously waived . would never return . 
fabulous hotel , excellent service and beautiful lobby - felt like a princess in a castle . rooms were clean but dated - that said , they are remodeling floor by floor and have the bottom N floors done ( i stayed on the Nth ) . super location but with gps not able to get a signal , construction on many roads and preparations for lala-pallooza , it took me N minutes to get there ! it was a happy splurge to stay there and friends tell me it is one of the more reasonable priced hotel in downtown . 
recently there for a N day business trip and was very satisfied with the hotel and the accommodations . the hotel is right downtown and very close to millennium park , art institute , and plenty of shopping and restaurants . i would definitely stay here again . 
i chose this hotel because of the location and i have stayed in hampton inns before . the location is great with the train right at the door . the room was clean and comfortable , the staff friendly and helpful and breakfast is included . also wireless internet worked well and the access code are provided at check-in no need contact reception again as is often the case elsewhere . and at a very reasonable price . 
we stayed one night at the homewood suites in chicago with our four children ages N , N , N , and N . nothing spectacular about the hotel . close to michigan avenue . nice free buffet in the morning , very busy . fitness center was small . pool was nice for the kids . parking valet only for N . N a day . 
i attended a conference at the hilton literally N ft away and couldn ' t be happier to pay a lot less with decent room and service . i ' d definitely stay again
we just returned from a N night stay at the peninsula . we are annual guests as we attend a law conference each november . i can only say it is truly the most wodnerful hotel we have ever visited . the executive suite is perfect to allow enough space without feeling restricted . the views are magnificent ! ! i would especially like to mention the concierge desk , namely robert and gianna . we enjoyed fabulous meals and a wonderful stay due to their assistance in dining suggestions , securing reservations etc . their attention to detail is beyond any i ' ve experienced anywhere ! ! also , liz in the spa is truly a gem and i would suggest stopping in for a faciol if you ahve the time . she is fabulous ! ! the entire staff at the peninsula from reservations to heousekeeping and check out is superb . scott at the front door . . . . thanks again for your umbrella ! ! and to all of you who personally greet us each day , filling our ice bucket , providing special amenities we requested . . . . it is all N class and top notch . i would ( and have ) recommended the peninsula to everyone ! ! if you have the opportunity , by all means go and stay as long as you can ! ! ! it is fabulous . . . . i could go on all day . . . . . . ! ! ! the lobby restaurant , the pierrot gourmet ( felt like paris ! ! ) , the bar , jazz combos in the evening , afternoon tea . . . . . well , again , go and enjoy ! ! kudos to the staff and management . a true gem ! ! ! 
i am in and out of chicago a lot and typically stay at one of the hilton family hotels . i have been to the palmer house hilton on many occasions , but it had been a few years . really the only nice thing about the hotel is the lobby . take that away and you are staying in a low-rent hotel . virtually everything about it is old and tired . the staff is less than enthused and they really reflect the hotel itself . although generally clean there is no pride of workmanship when it comes to maintaining the hotel . chicago is a city of endless hotel possibilities so why would one want to stay at the palmer house ? last time for me . 
i have stayed at the majestic hotel many times and also rented their executive suite for business meetings . the hotel staff are extremely accommodating and very friendly . the rooms are very nice and the breakfast bar in the morning is wonderful ! in addition , the location is perfect ! would highly recommend the majestic hotel when staying in chicago . 
i last stayed at the palmer house for a convention back in N , and i must confess that , although my first experience wasn ' t negative , i was floored by how great my stay was this summer . upon checking in , i was greeted by a warm and friendly lady at the front desk , and when i got to my room , i was just astounded by how large it was ! i had a room with two double beds , and the room was probably twice the size of what i expected . the beds were truly the best that i have ever slept upon , and the decor was quite visually appealing . i stayed three nights , but if i had unlimited means , i probably never would have left . 
was a great hotel service was great . would return to hotel
we stayed at the dana hotel and spa for N nights and had a great time . it ' s location is perfect for travel from the airport via the subway el , and we walked to shopping , restaurants , bars , and tourist spots from there . the rooms are very modern and stylish , with a few design issues that might make some people uncomfortable . our room had great ceiling to floor windows with sun shade panels and blackout panels behind those . because each shade is a panel , you do have some space between each one , which allowed light to come through . if you need a completely dark room to sleep , you might have an issue . we heard some noise on saturday night , and our room was right in front of the elevators , so we sometimes heard people getting on and off , but nothing was too disturbing . as far as the " famous " glass shower window , there is plenty of privacy with the curtain drawn . however , if someone uses the bathroom in the middle of the night , the light illuminates the rest of the bedroom . perhaps a blackout shade there would be more appropriate . the shower enclosure only has small a glass wall , and the bathroom floor can get a bit wet as a result . the bed was very comfy . we really enjoyed the mini-bar selections and wine selections , and all had reasonable prices . we went up to the vertigo lounge for a little bit , and while we aren ' t clubby people , it had a good vibe and was very busy . the view is awesome , and there is a nice outdoor area . we enjoyed our stay and would certainly return to this hotel . 
i stayed at the hard rock in january and march N . i was impressed by the friendly and knowledgable staff and the hotel location . on both occaions i stayed in a deluxe room , which is quite large and has everything i needed to make my stay both productive and comfortable . on my first trip i had a few problems with internet access , which their helpdesk resolved immediately . on the second trip i had a slight delay checking in ( N mins or so ) and they offered me a different room with a wonderful view of n . mighigan ave and the river . the rooms are slightly dark in the evenings , as the lighting is ambient . this is not such an issue during the day , as there is plenty of natural light from several windows . the bar downstairs is always busy and has a lively atmosphere . one of the other reviews mentioned noise and i must say that i didn ' t notice any noise during either of my visits . the furnishing in the rooms gives a great contemporary feel , and the guitars and clothes of various rock stars on each floor is a nice touch . i would recommend this hotel and will certainly stay there again when i visit . 
we enjoyed a wonderful weekend in the city staying here - perfect location to restaurants and shopping - and if it were warmer - the beach ! the room and bath were classy - enjoyed the rain shower ! everything was very clean and new . breakfast at " the nix " restaurant was excellent - vegetable omelet and orange granola pancakes that our server shared some secret recipe tricks about with us ! i can ' t wait to do this again . 
i just returned from a N-night stay here and could not have been happier . i had a great room with a view that i bought on priceline for N per night . parking was expensive , but had unlimited ins outs . i stayed on the non-smoking Nth floor really enjoyed the view . i would stay here again anytime - great location for buisness pleasure ! tw
my husband and i stayed the night here last week ( as well as the same time last year ) . we were just looking for a place to stay after a day of taking in the city . ultimately we didn t plan on being in the room for an extended period of time so it was really just a place to sleep . last time we were here , the floor we stayed on was under construction . with that said , improvements have been made to the rooms since our last stay . they did what they could with the space provided . new beds and furnishings made gave it a more contemporary feel . my husband felt the carpeting needed to be updated , but i thought it was fine . it was striped so i think he felt that it was old , but i think they were trying to stay with the color scheme . last stay we had N double beds . the room and bathroom were more spacious overall . this time we stayed in the king room , which was significantly smaller ( i felt ) . this hotel attempts to stay modern and contemporary . during this stay we found out that there is a rooftop patio which would be fun in the summer months . also , the lobby bar was hopping as we headed out for dinner . the walls are very thin . we were out pretty late , but you could hear complete conversation of people walking in the hallway at Nam and which tv program they were watching next door . would we stay here again , yes for a place to spend the night , but if you are looking for luxury this is not the hotel for you . 
very oddly designed hotel with confusing architecture , bad rooms and complete lack of character . does not deserve the name of a " hilton " . it ' s faux-lavish style did not convince me . there are no good lobby sitting rooms and the view of most rooms is not good . the most annoying thing are the mini-tvs in the elevator forcing telemarketing ads or nancy grace on you . 
the drake is a throwback to an era where hotels were a place to see and be seen . . . true glamor ! the lobby is grand and elegant , and the public areas are immaculately clean . check-in was fast , and the concierge ( ron ) was so kind to recommend a great dinner spot and obtain a reservation for us . the room was spacious enough with a queen bed , walk-in closet , desk , and flat-screen tv . the hallways were wide and bright - something rarely seen in modern hotels . the lounge is great ( albeit pricey ) - try the french martini ! 
the staff was friendly on every encounter the hotel common areas and room were clean . the room ( we had one with N double beds ) is like a studio apartment with a fully furnished kitchen ( even a dishwasher ) , a stacked washer dryer , and a large walk-in closet . the bathroom is small and nothing fancy with the toilet bathtub shower in a separate room from the sink mirror ( which are in the same area as the washer dryer and walk-in closet ) . there is a good-sized lcd tv . there are five rooms per floor , and ours was the one in the front middle . the other four rooms are corner rooms with views on two sides . our view was of the buildings across michigan ave though from right next to the window you could see the chicago river and even the top of the hancock bldg . the breakfast is typical comfort suites food ( just warmed up on-site ) , and does include the make-your-own belgian waffles . the eating area is somewhat small and was always crowded when we were there . they do provide trays ( in your room ) for bringing stuff back if you want . although it will take several minutes ( only N elevators , almost always busy ) to get back to your room , you have a microwave there to reheat stuff . the location is great , just a few blocks from and el station and the metra millenium station ( and millenium park ) , bus stops within a block , and taxis always available on michigan ave . it ' s less than a block from the michigan ave bridge over the chicago river , the southern end of the magnificent mile . the only hassle is parking . valet parking is available half a block south at the hard rock hotel entrance ( N day plus tips ) . public parking ( both do-it-yourself and leave-keys-with-attendant ) is available for N day at N wacker , a block from the hotel ( this option allows you access to your car to get things you forgot to unload ) . there is no loading zone at the comfort suites entrance , you have to go to the valet parking area to just drop people off . so be prepared to drag your luggage for at least half a block in chicago weather . this hotel is not cheap but it is much less outrageously priced than anything within several blocks , even flea-bag hotels . the " business center " is two computers and a printer in the hallway between the lobby elevator area and the fitness center breakfast area . 
we don ' t come to chicgo to stay in our room . the room was new , clean and very adequate for our needs . close to resturants , bars and the action . we walked everywhere we needed to go . coffee in the lobby in the am was nice a small bar that was less expensive than most in the area and very accomodating . i would rather have smaller and new and clean than huge with scrapped walls and spotted sheets and blankets . we would go back . 
i stayed here for a night since it was by the office . for that reason , it was a good location for me . you have miller ' s pub and italian village nearby for restaurants . i like that is was near public transportation . it cost me about N from ord to this hotel at night and on the way to the airport , i took the subway about a block or two away to the airport for N during rush hour . the room was decent clean . gym was simple with a treadmill and elliptical - i can see it being crowded in the mornings . there is a free continental breakfast . 
this was a good hotel . rooms were clean and service was great . the staff was friendly and helpful . it was also very close to the magnificent mile and bus lines which was great ! ! 
this is an excellent hotel in a great area of toddlin ' town . good service , elegant and clean and overlooking the chicago river in downtown . so now that i have praised this westin , i ' m allowed to quibble . the theme of the hotel is " calm . . . refresh . . . sooth . . . relax in health " etc . i think this theme is a little self-serving . for example , the good-looking woman on the tv tells you to take a deep breath . . . so i figure maybe they pipe in some oxygen to the lobby and rooms . . . but no . . . . she is just telling you that after extensive " research " they have decided that it is healthy if the hotel is non-smoking . . . like . . . duh . . . a non-smoking hotel these days . . . what a concept . ok . . . so then to " soothe " you the lights are very dim in the lobby . is that in keeping with the " soothe and calm and relax " theme or is it just to save electricity ? whatever , the shiny black tile floors are identical with the shiny tile black stairs leading down into the recessed lounge bar area . so , bathed in this eerie , dim light , you need to be really careful descending into the lounge area , even long before you ' ve had your first drink . of course , there are plenty of staff greeters and concierges hanging in the lobby to be at your attention . though perhaps they are there to just dust you off after you ' ve plunged unceremoniasly into the bar area . the hotel is expensive and so is the braekfast buffet which costs N . there are a lot of fruity dishes at the buffet and healthy cereals ( again , i guess , in keeping with the " healthy , soothing theme " ) , but for that price the only eggs are scrambled and whether they are hot depends on how well the servers replenish those eggs . ( one morning they did and one morning they didn ' t ) . anyway , the sausages and bacon are great and the coffee is terrific . as i said , this area of the loop in chicago is a great place to be with restaurants , bars and shops filled with really nice mid-western people . so , depsite my quibbles , you have fine service , elegance and location . it is hard to beat that ! 
i booked the room from . hotels ( -- ) . . after looking at a virtual tour . but when we got to the room , it was much smaller than the one in the tour ! i went back to the desk and asked for the room that i saw at hotels . com . they were very nice and gave me the larger room for no additional charge ! it was a very nice , but older , room . the bed was a pillow-top and i did sleep better than i ever have in a hotel . . . or maybe that was because of seeing rob thomas just hours before ! 
really enjoyed my stay here . . clean , comfortable , quiet . . . friendly staff . . . you ' re not paying for an overdone lobby . . . lots of restaurants nearby . . . internet access is free and good bandwidth . . . really nothing to compain about . also was very pleased that they let me check in at N noon . 
the suite was clean roomy . the beds were sooooo comfortable . the breakfast in the morning was fabulous-we had made to order omelets with all the trimmings . found all the service staff to be both friendly accomadating . . amy at the front desk was very patient helpful when answering all my questions . 
the hotel monaco offered a great experience ! check in was easy , the front desk attendant was very friendly ( and perceptive- i mentioned it was my Nth birthday and she had a surprise bottle of champagne sent up to the room ! ) , the rooms were clean , and the location in chicago was perfect ! the concierge , though a little unapproachable ( not enough sincere eye contact or guest recognition ) , was very informative and offered perfect suggestions for our stay ! the room service was lightning fast , and the staff members were always friendly and smiling . the bellman in front , hailing cabs , was always so nice and helpful , despite being busy ! if i had any complaints , it would be that the sink in the bathroom didn ' t drain very quickly and the fitness center was smaller than my closet at home ! the room ' s ac claimed that it was N degrees , but it most certainly never dropped below N . . . though we hardly watched tv , the channels are very limited and the menu when you turn the tv on is a pain . there was also one rainy morning that we wished we had a dvd player for . . . still , all of these are small things in the whole spectrum of things ! great hotel and i ' d stay there again ! 
we stayed in june N . upon entering we were welcomed by doormen , then it took only a few minutes for the front desk to hook us up with our room keys . we were exposed to alot of good humor from people around the lobby with brewer fans and cub fans bantering back and forth . felt like a family reunion . our room faced illinois st . but the windows are dual paned so even with some sirens from the firehouse on the corner it wasn ' t that bad . we were not awaken by sirens at all . the beds are really comfortable ! breakfast on the Nrd floor gets really crowded by N-Nam ( since your stay includes a free breakfast ) so i recommend you get there early enough to make your waffles . the little kitchen and the breakfast staff provide hot food like eggs and sausages , or whatever pick of the day . the food is plentiful and even when it was crowded we weren ' t deprived of anything . bonus is , as soon as you walk to the entrance of the breakfast room , you hit the coffee bar Nst ! at least they had me in mind when they positioned that spot . love it . the only thing we were frustrated with are the elevators , ( slow- not enough running ) but they were working on them so you just have to be patient and understand that with any mechanical trouble , it ' s not frickin personal . get over the little irritations or annoyances and enjoy chicago . the staff work hard to make it enjoyable for you . i think the h i s do their best considering their not the " trump tower " priced hotel , but they treated me like i was trump so . . . i ' d stay there again for their price . got a good deal from hilton honors aaa combo anyway . 
fiancee and i stayed here recently ( jun N ) to check out apartments in south loop area and for a bit of romantic r-and-r . ( didn ' t quite do it for us for latter purpose ) . booked through hotwire ( maybe that was the mistake ) , which rated this at N . N stars ( wish i had a bs detector ) . upon arrival , discovered only one parking option exists . . . valet , which runs N per day . ok , fine . then , at check-in , lady told us room we were getting was great with spectacular views . . . lie . come to find out , room was musty smelling , worn-looking ( and i don ' t mean the decor ) and very dark . serious need for a remodeling redecorating , at least for our room . as for the " spectacular view " , one small window in the corner with a partial view of chicago river and michigan ave what a joke . then discovered hot water fixture in sink was broken . called to report it all they could offer was that they ' d send someone to take a look at it . . . no offer for room change , voucher , nada , not even a thank you for having reported it . noise from hallway other room doors opening closing was very apparent and annoying . felt a bit like we were in a cruise ship , as the nickel-and-dime approach to a few of the amenities seems to be the other modus operandi at this hotel ( following the trend of the big-chain hotel industry it would seem ) N . N day for wireless , for example . even though we booked through hotwire ( somewhat of a deal , relatively speaking ) , based on what we observed and experienced , this hotel does not deserve to be rated higher than N . N ( N maybe , but that ' s stretching it ) even at the price we paid ( just under N ) . other than that , service was just " okay " , nothing special . hotels in this tier really need to take that extra step make you want to return or at least attempt to provide a memorable stay . in this regard , the intercontinental just falls flat and is way out of its league . . . it simply offers nothing that to make it , or your stay , stand out . take this together with the above-mentioned demerits , and i would have to recommend that you seriously consider staying elsewhere . prospective travelers ( and hotels , for that matter ) can ( and do ) much better than this , especially in this area and price range . i ' m somewhat disappointed with hotwire as well . . . i ' ve had good luck with them in the past , but they have never been quite this far off-the-mark in terms of rating and overall value . 
we stayed here for a wedding and it was one of the best places i ' ve stayed . we had a standard room and it was perfect for two people . the bed and pillows were so unbelievably soft i never wanted to get up in the morning . the bathroom was a generous size as well . the staff was great and always helpful , and the location was great for wandering around and close enough to the trains that you didn ' t have to walk miles and miles . would definitely stay here again
we were in chicago october N-N . . . the room was very clean , house keeping was very nice and attentive . . . we were needy . . . wanted a fridge , needed more pillows . . . etc . . . they were right on it . had cocktails in the bar and restaurant . . . great service ! had breakfast sunday morning and the hostess was great . . the service was a bit slow . . . we ordered off of the menu instead of having the buffet and it was very good . thank you congress for helping to make our vacation worry free and fun ! ! ! ) oh and the view of buckingham fountain and the lake was fantastic---was able to watch the sunrise from our room . 
i stayed her for the first time this week . my friend got a great rate through hotwire she had stayed here before . the lobby is very nice great views because you are on the river . they have interactive ( think ipad ) game tables that our daughters loved . it is a rather large hotel so to get to some things you need to walk down some pretty long hallways -- mostly to get to the pool sundeck . but when you get there , the view is pretty , the pool temp was great plenty of towels -- no complaints . the rooms are pretty standard smaller than other hotels in the area we have stayed at . had to climb over the chair by the window to close the shades adjust room temp . bathroom , unfortunately , smelled like an ashtray -- no evidence of smoking , but the smell was coming from somewhere . the location is pretty good -- about a N min . walk to navy pier little longer to get to michigan ave shopping . if you drive , valet parking is N for overnight . like another reviewer said , for the right price we might stay here again . 
we always in different hotels downtown every christmas eve . it is our family tradition since we don ' t travel this time of the year and everyone we know are out of town . we ' ve stayed in different N-N star hotels . upon seeing the location and our room , our N year old was ecstatic and didn ' t want to leave the hotel . that ' s the first time . we loved the location , the free parking was a great plus especially downtown , the suite was awesome and huge for the price we paid for and the staff were great and accommodating . will stay there again in the future . 
i was there for N nights and the memories are very fresh . when you walk in this hotel , especially after N hours in plane , like i did , you don ' t want to spend time on anything but the hot shower and clean sheets . but walking into hilton chicago is something different . first impression was that it will be a disaster , considering that the last hilton i was in was almost brand new one in orlando . . . but , i was sooo much off . every step you take , there is a peace of history , and you can almost taste it . i was expecting to see fred astare and ginger rogers to start dancing when i heard piano in the grand ballroom . for a building built in N , this was quite a surprise . you can , of course see sings of usage where ever you look , but everything was functional . it takes a moment to figure out the elevators setup too d . they were doing some inside modeling and reconstruction , but for N days i spent there , i have not heard a single hammer drop . service is perfect like in every hilton , with very kind and helpful staff . i would say that , if you like hotel with history and taste of wisdom in satisfying his customers , it is worth the money . bed is something that you will definitely want to take home with you , and you can for only N usd . hotel is clean , even on the first look appears dirty , it is due to the age . it will not shine to poke your eyes out , but it is clean . you will see small damages all around , like chipped of part from the toilet , etc . location is on the middle of the south michigan avenue , so it is N minutes walk towards mccormick place , as well as from the bridge and the water tower , where the " magnificent mile " starts . lots of restaurants around and some shopping sites as well . in the hotel they have a nice irish pub , all in all , it could use some renovations , but i loved my stay there . . . 
the only thing good about this hotel is that i got a good night ' s sleep ( which of course is the most important thing ) . the hotel didn ' t seem very clean . the room only amplified that perception . the pool was over-congested ( imagine a hotel with capicity for N people and a pool that could fit a max of N in it ! ) . so here were the positives N . great night ' s sleep and comfortable bed N . bell man was helpful when leaving hotel ( it ' s usually the other way around ) . negatives N . less-than-clean room ( hairs all over the place , marks , etc ) N . concierge was very rude and didn ' t know anything about the city - i eventually decided to make my way on my own and got lost for about N minutes N . operators never answered the phone . N . light bulbs were not working . N . they gave me the wrong room type from what i had reserved then said they couldn ' t put me in another room ! N . the sheraton " promise " was not kept . you might ask why didn ' t i change rooms . i tried , but they said they had no more . this hotel has N rooms it wouldn ' t be hard to find another . 
i too had problems with double billing at best western hawthorne . i tried to resolve with the hotel and got nowhere , the asst manager and manager were no help at all . spoke to best western corporate and they even tried to resolve with the manager and got nowhere . best western corporate themselves refunded me the money and apologized profusely for the bad service . problem is the hotel is independly owned . i will not stay again and advise other people the same . if you have a problem you are basically on your own . too bad , because it is very convenient place for me to stay . some staff members have a very " i don ' t care " attitude . beware . 
being from a small town in tennessee , i was very unsure of what to expect from the large city hotel . i was very surprised by the down home feel my wife and i received from the staff at the hotel from check-in to check-out . we were met by the doorman who graciously took care of our car and helped us check into our room . the young man at the desk did a great job of advising us on which tours to take and a great italian restaurant in the west loop neighborhood . since we don ' t travel to large cities often we really appreciated the friendly atmosphere of the staff . . . . . . . . . they always made us feel welcome and answered our questions easily and friendly . i would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a pleasant experience free from the hustle and bustle of big city life , well located and within walking distance of everything . thanks to all for a wonderful weekend . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . we plan on returning . 
the w hotels try hard with new trends that i am sure the N to N year old traveler finds interesting . the last time i stayed at the chicago mid city w , tbe lobby and check in was by candlelight and the hallways were so dimly lit i had a hard time seeing which end of the key card went in the reader . this was not a power outage ! the lakeshore w was a little more appealing but it is geared to the younger travelor . call me an old fogie , but i don ' t like loud music in the elevator or the lobby . the room was quiet however , comfortable and shower was excellent . room service was swift and actually tasted good . but where i give this hotel high marks is getting a line of N to N people waiting for a cab during a downpour and a city completely sold out to convention goers some transportation . the guys just hustled . they tried to match people up in cabs and brought out the hotel vans for some of the guests . i groaned when i saw the line , but had a pretty short wait given what was going on in the city . 
stayed at the hotel palomar for N night in january N for business . the hotel has everything you need , can provide almost anything you forgot , and is a great deal , especially on a corporate rate . the N mini-bar credit was also a nice touch ( with membership in kimpton in-touch ) . i ' ll definitely be back here when i return to chicago . 
good location ( close to baby p er and michigan ave ) , excelent staff . got a great price because of a medical meeting ( us N ) . wonderfull view from the room . an excellent bed , like other sheratons . 
booked this hotel on hotwire for only N night , which really was a steal . the hotel is in a very good location and the rooms were quite nice , but front desk service was really lacking . i was there for a four night stay , and for three of those days my keycard wouldn ' t give me access to my room , forcing the desk to call security each time to let me into their room . things break , that i understand , but still not fixed three days later ? unacceptable . to top it off , not once did the front desk even offer an apology for the problem , and this was dealing with multiple front desk staff due to the many times i needed to be let into my room . they just stated very matter of factly that their card system wasn ' t working properly and security would have to let me into the room . i don ' t expect them to bend over backwards apologizing , but a simple " we ' re sorry for the inconvenience " would have been nice . would i stay there again ? yes , because the price was right and it was a good location , but i just wouldn ' t be expecting much from the front desk . 
me and my partner stayed here and it was meant to be a nice romantic evening for us . a surprise had been pre-arranged for when we entered the room but there was nothng when we got there . when we called down to concierge we did not get an apology ! just an excuse as to why it hadnt been done ! ( even though there was something preordered from room service and this was in the room when we arrived no problem ) this was extremely frustrating and unacceptible from this kind of establishment . but we werent going to let it ruin the night and we enjoyed a nice dinner cruise around lake michigan watching the fireworks . 
we spent a friday night at the palomar and had a wonderful time . the rooms are spacious , trendy , and designed to provide every comfort . the work-out room has a variety of equipment , all of which operate properly , and an indoor pool with a nifty rooftop terrace outside it which is definitely more welcoming in the summer . the sable restaurant is headed by the creative chef , heather terhune , whose work will make you happy you decided to try the hotel ' s restaurant , and the attached bar wins awards . did i mention there is a wine reception from N to N ? give it a try if you need a weekend getaway , even in your own backyard . 
i have walked by this property many times on stays in chicago . i must state first off that i got such an awesome deal by pre-booking this hotel - N a night ! yes that is just N a night for a great hotel one block off michigan ave - right behind the john hancock building . the seneca is an older property with full service professional valet and bellhops . i like this feature . the gentleman who checked us in on thursday evening lacked personality but not everyone is a chatter box at Npm in the evening . the bellman brought up our bags in a separate elevator as the guest elevators are the wonderful ( in my opinion ) small type you get in older buildings . our keys were not working in our door - he promptly opened the door with his passkey - unloaded our bags - and went to get us new keys that worked . he was back in a flash and was friendly and courteous the entire time . the rooms was clean and nice as one would expect in an old hotel - very european feel . our room had two queen beds , two really great closets - one with nice shelves . a cute little kitchen hidden behind its own door off the main room . it had an apartment size stove and fridge , along with mini microwave , coffee maker and the kitchen tools you would expect . the bathroom again is the size you would expect in an older hotel but ample and clean . the shower had great water pressure and plenty of hot water . nice vent and heat in the ceiling made the bathroom cozy and you got ready . and i like that the window opened to the outside and let in fresh air in the morning . this was true of the windows in the main room as well which we got to open as the wether was mild . the beds are comfortable and the pillows to my liking - softer . the beds could be a bit more comfortable ( and i mean a bit softer for my taste ) . but we still slept well - really no complaints . this hotel is not for those who like the newest , most modern in their hotels . it is a very nice , clean property with european charm . the rooms are ample , love the kitchenette , and in an excellent location . the staff was wonderful and the on-site dining is wonderful . we had drinks " next " door and the downstairs lounge is a must see . the brushetta , wine and chocolate dessert were tops . i will stay again even without the incredible deal - but the hotel offers discounts on a regular basis for those booking early so keep an eye on the net . 
we stayed at the senaca for three nights with our N year old son . the location is fantastic , looking out onto john hancock , within easy walking distance of fox and obel , one block away from magnificent mile with its shops , resturants and numerous buses to take you wherever you want to go ( unlimited cta travel card is a must ! ) . the hotel was fine , clean , room spacious , bathroom small - not luxurious - but who goes to chicago to stay in a hotel ! the staff were very helpful and check in was very smooth even though we arrived early . i would reccomend this place to people who are more interested in the city and just needing a place to sleep in comfort , than those that like lots of facilites without going out - we had a great time ! 
i stayed at hotel felix with friends this past weekend and had a great time . first and foremost the staff was incredible . the front desk staff was especially helpfull and knowledgeable about the city . always welcomed us back with a smile and the rooms were impecable . i can ' t wait for my next trip to chicago to stay at hotel felix . as for the reviewer ' s that say the rooms are small . well the are cozy however very well designed . also besides sleeping there is nothing else you are going to do . you are in chicago and the purpose of the trip is to enjoy the city not stay in your room . 
great hotel , very clean , good service , best location , i can ' t say much more except your internet access is N day plus if you have a car , parking is N per day . wow ! why is it courtyard gives free internet but embassy suites does not ? 
stayed there last week for a business meeting . the staff from the start was horrible . i was told because they were so busy that i would have to wait for a room . i asked for the manager and while waiting for her two others in my party were given room keys . the manager said she was sorry and all of a sudden a room was available . not sure what the problems is there . the room was small and old . the lobby , meeting , and ballrooms were incredible . the construction was minor . if i were wanting to relive the roaring N ' s or searching for al capone ' s loot this is the place . otherwise there are a lot of great hotels in chicago . this is not one of them . 
booked through a third party reseller for a song for N nights and actually through the hotel for one night to arrive earlier than originally planned . the worst was going through the reseller honestly , because what they had booked would not have accommodated our party , though i had specifically made notations on the booking form for them . thankfully we decided to leave a day earlier which gave me cause to call the hotel a couple of days before to see about the extra night . the reservation agent was a doll , squeezing us into the right sized room and correcting the booking made by the third party . she blocked our room so they could not be reassigned out and gave me detailed instructions on what to ask the front desk for at check in ( we needed a rollaway ) . it was easy to find , cheery and helpful valets and bellman and check in was a breeze . had seen a bunch of concerns around elevators - this wasn ' t anything to complain about . in fact , we noticed that on the second day , our room actually shared a wall with one of the elevator shafts . we didn ' t hear a peep . we loved the allerton and wouldn ' t hesitate to return for our next chicago stay . 
i live in chicago and am looking for a hotel in the city for my relatives . i wouldn ' t even consider this hotel because i know it ' s within two or three blocks of the methadone clinic and a halfway house . i might be ok for driving and even walking around for certain people but others might feel very uncomfotable in this area . 
i stayed here for a conference . the hotel was big and overall , nothing special . the rooms were biggish for a hotel in a city and the room was clean . 
we spent one night at the trump tower in chicago and we had a great time . it was a little pretentious at times ( a selection of waters sitting on the counter in the room , ranging from N to N for a bottle , for example ) , but every member of the staff was prompt and professional and obviously well trained . our pets were welcomed , the baby got a special stuffed animal , and room service looked after us . traffic was a nightmare getting to downtown chicago but that was to be expected . i would have liked to have some little treat included in the room for N a night ( like for example a free candy jar that goes for N in the room service menu ) , but overall we had a great time . 
we spent four nights in august N at the hotel allegro . we chose the hotel because of its central location in the theatre district of chicago ( very close to two el stations , and a N-N minute walk from the excellent millennium park ) and for its low prices - c . N per night incl . tax . our room was quite small ( larger ones were available , but we checked in late ) but perfectly pleasant , with fun touches such as bright pink walls and a cd player . it was also pleasantly quiet , despite being located opposite the elevators and the ice machine room . the hotel offers free wireless internet in all areas , including all guestrooms , and has a complimentary wine hour from N-N pm in the spacious lobby , which features velvet couches , candles and an open fire . the hotel also has a lively bar and a good italian restaurant . all the staff we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful . all in all , we were very happy with our stay at the allegro , and would recommend it to anyone . 
we stayed in the james in preparation for our wedding , as did most of our family . the hotel is a perfect location just off michigan , and was swanky enough to suit all tastes ! ! we were there for a while and the staff were always superb . i can ' t recommend high enough for anyone looking for a city break ! ! ( and trader joes opposite is always good for a healthy or not so healthy snack ! ) the j-bar attached tho was not so good - you might hear that its a celebrity haunt . we found it to be a pokey little room , with expensive drinks and rude clientele . avoid . 
we are frequent marriott travellers and find that renaissance hotels are usually a step above marriott . this hotel was a little disappointing compared to other rennaisance hotels , as about the same as a marriott . still very nice , but doesn ' t compare to visits at other hotels . we liked the location as it was close to everything but still far enough away so that the area was less congested . the hotel bar wasn ' t very happening so if you are looking to have some cocktails , walk across the river and go the crimson lounge which is right next to the house of blues . overall , the experience at this hotel was pleasant , but will opt for the marriott on michigan avenue for our next chicago trip . 
my mother in law , sisters in law , and i take a shopping trip to chicago every december . we ' ve stayed at the park hyatt for the last five years , after trying the drake and the omni . impeccable service , wonderfully appointed rooms , attentive staff . we let them know one year that we preferred certain rooms , and they remember that and book those rooms for us now without our asking . we have used their car service and concierge several times , and both have been helpful and friendly . i wouldn ' t stay anywhere else in chicago . 
my partner and i recently stayed at the city suites for a long weekend getaway . we got a great rate on their website , N a night for a king suite . the hotel is conveniently located next to the red line stop at belmont . we called ahead and requested a room on the quiet side of the hotel and of course when we checked in the only available room was on the side next to the train tracks . the room was comfortable and clean but we defiantly heard the train all night long . the suite consistent of two rooms , the living room had a couch , mini refrigerator and a desk . the king bed and pillows were comfy . there was an all night party going on in one or two of the rooms on our floor which also spilled out into the hallway which went on until about N am . so between the train and the party we didn ' t get much sleep the first night . the staff at the front desk agreed to move us to another room on the quiet side for the rest of our stay . the new room was very quiet however there was a problem with heat , it wouldn ' t turn off so it felt like we were in a sauna . our trip was in the middle of december and we had to run the air-condition on high to keep the temperature comfortable . seems like a big waste of energy . the hotel offers free wireless in the rooms and also free breakfast . this was a big plus and the breakfast was really good and consisted of juice , milk , coffee , hot tea and hot chocolate , cereal , fruit cups , yogurt , doughnuts , danishes , muffins , hard boiled eggs and jimmy dean breakfast sandwiches . the hotel is a great locations for those visiting the bars and clubs in boystown . lots of great restaurants are right outside the door . the staff was very friendly and helpful . we would defiantly stay here again if the price was right . 
triple a rate with upgrade to view room was less than N which also included breakfast vouchers . had a great view of river , lake , wrigley bldg . tribune bldg . most major restaurants , shopping , sightseeing attractions within walking distance . large room with a very comfortable bed . 
stayed here for three days two nights while on a business trip . requested and got a corner room with impressive views in several directions from the Nth floor . the room was very well appointed and spacious . the elevators featured some of the quickest response times and fastest floor transiting i have seen anywhere . the customer-consciousness of the help from the street level bell staff to the front desk to even the custodial and maid staff i met in the halls or elevators was over-the-top friendly and impressive . cabs were always available summoned quickly by the attentive staff which was a good thing since parking your own car here will cost you N . N nightly , and access to the l-trains ( N . N miles ) is a bit of a hike in colder weather . the embassy ' s nightly manager ' s reception is a nice touch and the accompanying snacks are adequate , while perhaps a bit " ordinary " . the well-staffed , cook to order breakfast was excellent . the major complaint i had was that the mattress on the king bed was just atrocious . the bedding was good quality but i have slept on sleeper sofas with more comfortable mattresses . i brought item this to the attention of the front desk and they did little more than thank me for the point-out and promised to look into it . that was a bit disappointing . replace the mattress and i will gladly return here . 
stayed at this hotel for one night . overall the hotel is ok . the rooms and public areas are clean . my biggest complaint was everything felt cramped . the rooms are small , which at first i didn ' t think was a big deal since we were hardly in the room anyway . . . . but then i kept hitting my knee on the bed frame and ouch ! also , the bed was " queen " size , but it must have been some sort of mini-queen because i ' m N ' N " and my feet were hanging off the edge . other than everything feeling small , everything else was fine . location is good plenty of dining options nearby . paid N for overnight parking at the garage across the street . ( which is cheap by chicago standards ) i got the room on hotwire for N so over all , we were satisfied with our stay . we spent our Nnd night at the hotel sax which we enjoyed a ton more . 
we stayed at the james hotel for neocon and really loved it . the room decor was great , hotel room was clean , and nice turn down service . the hotel offers a business area with computers . great bar and lounge area . they are two blocks off michigan ave . plan on staying there again next year . 
the chicago four seasons is one my favorite hotels- the service is impeccable from the moment you check in . the rooms are beautiful and perfectly appointed for total relaxation . it is a pleasure to come back to your room and relax after a work day it ' s almost better then home ( almost ! ) the best part is turn down service when yo leave for dinner , housekeeping tidies up , refreshed your towels , lays out your robe , turns on light jazz music , and turns down your bed . i wish everyday could end like that ! room service food is delicious , and the hotel bar has the best collection of scotches i ' ve ever seen . 
this hotel was right on with what you would expect from a trump hotel . i will note that the decor is a bit " grey " , but other than that , the room was comfortable and spacious . the staff was nice , and you could tell they were trying to provide that N star service , but it just seemed like they were a little hesitant . a good example is the extremely shy housekeepers . i would definately reccomend anyone stay here however . 
recently revisited the drake and and forgotten how much i love this hotel . the location is perfect . close to shopping and the lake . the rooms have the historic charm that ' s lost on so many new properties today . . . and they ' ve been maintained beautifully and are so charming . 
i stayed here for N night so i could explore chicago while passing through illinois . for N i got a queen size bed , a kitchen ( with full size refrigerator , microwave , and a small oven ) , and a bathroom containing a tub with jets ( jets were dirty ) . the room , and overall hotel , were a little on the older side , however , i didn ' t stay in my room much because of all the attractions nearby . next door to the hotel is the john hancock observatory and across the street is the drury theater . walk N feet from the hotel and you can hop on one of chicago ' s famous double decker buses for a tour of downtown . some of the rooms at the seneca , like the one i stayed in , is meant for extended stays that is why i got a good rate on it . 
i stay here frequently on business . it ' s convenient to both michigan avenue and the loop . i like more traditional furnishings than what this property offers , but the rooms are comfortable and tasteful . very convenient bus service so you don ' t have to rely on cabs and an easy walk to the l train . great fitness facility . just need to join the fairmont president ' s club to get free wi-fi and access to the spa fitness center . always a good choice when you can get a decent rate , but when rates are more than N a night , i would like at other options . 
there are some really nice staff at this hotel . but , there is a serious lack of attention to detail in he management of this hotel . . . so if anyone is reading this who audits operations - it ' s time for a check up because this gem could be so much more . . . it ' s just not managed up to its potential . . . 
do not believe the other reviews . this was a great hotel and the staff was amazing and friendly . they were so nice and hospitable that we stayed an extra night ! ! the room was huge and very well kept . the bar restaurant had an amazing variety of well prepared food ! ! again , do not believe the bad reviews . go there and see for yourself . you will not regret it ! ! ! 
stay at the renaissance frequently , had wedding party stay there when we got married . rooms are nice and comfy . suites are big and beautiful . some of the nicest views of the city . staff is always very helpful and friendly . only negative may length of time waiting for valet . 
in N years of traveling around the world , this is the worst place ever . do not stay here . terrible disrepair -- stained carpet , cracked tile , N years overdue for paint , broken lamp , leaking shower faucets , broken bathroom shelf . N-yr-old tv . linens are not changed daily . had to sit sideways on toilet due to cramped bathroom . no iron or ironing board available . indifferent desk clerk . phones did not work . hallway reeks from tobacco smoke . room preposterously small . need i say more ? cancel your trip to chicago if this is only place that has rooms available . 
well , i admit i was a little nervous about staying here after reading some reviews on this site . i have to tell you , honestly , this is not the hilton . i travel to chicago N-N times a year for work and i ' ve had the luxury of trying out many of chicago ' s finest . first off , i checked in around Npm . the doorman pretty much tripped over himself to open the door for me . as he was opening it , the bellman was right there welcoming me to the knickerbocker and to take my luggage . he swept me over to the check-in desk and stayed neaby until i was finished . the woman at the check-in desk was so helpful and cheerful . it wouldn ' t surprise me if she owns the hotel the way she was so willing to help and make my stay as enjoyable as possible . after a quick check-in and being taken to my room , the bellman went in first and turned on every light , showed me the mini-bar , tv , and made sure nothing was missing or what i didn ' t want . i stayed in room N , smoking , king with a tub . i did request a tub at checkin and was told the hotel is looking to do away with all tubs in the next remodel . the front desk said if i find there isn ' t a tub in my room to call and they will put me in a room that had one . decor of the room is a little dated , but comfortable . i personally like the canopy over the bed , but not the old mirror - maybe if it was newer or clear . keep in mind this hotel was not built last year , but it ' s still charming . no problems with the bed . i have a really bad back , and most of the time i ' m waking up in pain when staying in hotels , but not here . i have bad allergies to mold , but i ' m not having problems here . i always bring a candle when i travel , i smoke , and the room did have a musty smoke odor . i can see a bit of the lake through the drake . didn ' t hear anyone next door , you will hear doors slamming from other guests , but again , you have that in most hotels . bottom line , this may not be the most up to date hotel , but the service i got more than makes up for it . the people here really make this hotel what it is . some of the reviews make it seem like this is a hotel you ' d find in a third world country - it ' s not that bad . could use some updating to the decor , but other than that , i don ' t remember ever getting such amazing service from the staff at any other hotel . there ' s a big difference between the staff doing their job for a paycheck , and those who really enjoy what they do and care about the guests . 
please allow me to say that my issues were resolved with top speed and with professionalism . the person i credit with articulating the issues and having them resolved so quickly is ms . jackie ( the operator ) . i explained to her that i had problems with my heat in the room and that it was very cold . she was able to get me assistance almost before i got off the line . i needed a refrigerator for my food and she was able to get me one to the room by the time i came back from walgreens . the engineer was bryan . i didn ' t believe he was the engineer because he looked so young , but he took care of my issue within few minutes and i was able to get to bed at a reasonable time in warmth . one final person i will applaud for excellent service is alice , front desk . she was the first person i encountered and my check-in was done with care and flawless . when i got to my room and unpacked , i realized that i did not bring my laptop power cord . i went to the desk and she told me that she would look in to helping me and get back with me . i asked for information on a couple of clothing stores , because i did not pack a white shirt for my interview and she was exceptional in both names of discount stores and their exact location . the resounding theme of these three associates is their uncanny level of professionalism and can-do attitude . i travel over N of the year and this was my first stay at your hotel but i can guarantee that it will not be the last . as a member of the travel community ( travel agent ) , i look for lodging partners where i can send my clients where they will be both comfortable and experience service at its best . i pray and hope that these comments are shared with the named associates and their direct supervisors . it is rare to encounter people who treat you like one of the family . thanks for taking time to review my comments . 
this hotel was amazing ! every staff person we encountered was fantastic . the front desk was quick with check-in and also went the extra mile to help us find a personalized birthday cake . the doormen were great and very fun , even giving us all umbrellas for our trip back to the airport . the location was excellent and i would highly recommend this hotel . our room was immaculate ( along with the rest of the hotel ) and the beds were incredibly comfortable . the only downside i can even think of is the rooms are a bit small but even with four adults , we managed just fine . i ' ll definitely be returning ! ! ! thanks hotel felix for a great weekend ! 
my family and i went to chicago for my Nth birthday celebration . not a fan of chicago , i had been " challenged " to change that opinion . the hotel played a great role in helping achieve that . i had a great time ! the hotel was centrally located downtown , along the chicago river and less than a N-minute walk to millennium park , home of the " bean . " the hotel is clean . the staff is super friendly , from the doorman and valet to the front desk staff . we had a connecting suite on the top floor . it was awesome ! the view of chicago from the suite was amazing . the facilities were great . the restaurant area was clean . the food was delicious . i recommend this property for any stay in chicago . and my view of chicago was changed - can ' t wait to go back ! 
hubby and i stayed here this past weekend ( aug N-aug N ) the service from the staff was very , very attentive . i think , after valeting our car , we had N people greet us and or open doors for us . it was stunning ! check in was ok , but i had booked this hotel N months ago and had called once before my stay to make sure they had my sofitel privlege card in the system . i was assured they did . upon check-in , i found out , they did not . we did end up getting our ' free drink ' coupon but not until the very end of our stay ( when we could no longer use it . ) also , no newspaper outside of our door at all . one of the big pluses i like about staying at any hotel is the free newspapers to read . i can ' t believe we were paying over N per night and didn ' t even get a lousy newspaper . the room was nice , but certainly nowhere close to being one of the nicest i ' ve stayed in . not even equipped with flat screen televisions . hubby commented on that right away . so odd . the sitting room was all ' art deco ' and was not very ' welcoming ' really . would have been perfect if we had been hosting people for drinks or something , which we were not , but the area was not very comfortable to just ' hang out in . ' the tv was placed so far away from the couch that faced it , that the whole scheme of the ' sitting room ' didn ' t make much sense . the location of the hotel is good . it ' s a couple of blocks from the ' top ' of the magnificent mile of shopping , but not far from everything if you are up to a walk and are in good health . definitely go next door to the tempo grill for breakfast . it ' s fast and very good ! the highlight of the sofitel is the excellent concierge . one of them ( named jackie ) actually got us an extra last minute ticket to a sold-out second city show ( we had tickets but needed one for a friend . ) all of our interactions with the concierge at this hotel were top notch . all in all , it ' s a nice hotel . it ' s well decorated and very attentive staff . however , the little things like not having a view of the lake ( from most rooms , ) not having a daily newspaper delivery , and not being right on the mag . mile , are detractors when you are paying what we were paying . i don ' t feel like i wasted my but i do feel that i could have gotten more for less ( if that makes sense . ) 
cannot expect a better location to be in when visiting chicago . the rooms are ok . nothing to rave about - but good enough . easily accessible to the cta and the buses . can just walk all over the place ( even to the navy pier ) 
the palmer house is a beautiful hotel . the lobby is amazing . we had a N bed N bathroom room and it was spacious , clean and quiet . the hotel is in a great location . . . close to dining , shopping and city transportation . the staff was friendly and helpful . 
we were able to get a rate of N a night through the hotel website which for chicago seemed to be a good deal for a N night weekend stay . we found the newly renovated suites very nice - with a flat screen in the living area and a nice bar . the location was great - convenient to everything . the only complaint that we had was the slowness of the service at breakfast - we were given a voucher for continental breakfast - which they applied to a full breakfast . the cost of valet parking was typical chicago - N a day . 
dont take a chance . dont stay here ! rude service people , rude managers , and tiny rooms . 
stayed here on an extended business trip to chicago . wasn ' t sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised . rooms was comfortable , spacious and warm . will recommend to others . 
the conrad in chicago is an excellent hotel . the location is excellent , the rooms are fantastic and they go out of their way to make you feel comfortable . there is even a complimentary pillow menu where you can choose a pillow which suits your requirements . overall a pleasant stay , i will definately be coming back when i am next in chicago . 
convenient location , good price , helpful staff , great pizza , near sears tower , N block from clinton station chicago transit authority station . 
after much research and a few fears we stayed at the burnham for a weekend getway to catch the cubs and the cowboys and bears ! my fear was i had read that the construction was going on and that it might be loud and a problem . how wrong i was on that count as my gamble paid off and we got as a great reward and an increadible experience . it is a kimpton property so it should come as no surprise that the customer service was top notch and that the hotel and rooms were unique to say the least . we stayed on the N floor and had two rooms a corner queen and a king room . the queen was smaller than what i expected but having stayed in new york it was not a prison cell either . the queen rooms are smaller but the one we had was a longer than wide and made use of that space in ways that the cookie cutter chains just cannot do . the bed and canopy was great and the bathroom was roomy enough for us but not huge either . the king room my folks stayed in was considerably larger but no less unique . it was not a corner room so it was more square than retangle queen room but if space is a concern the price for the king is not that much more . they only had the king and queen available so that is what we took but my finace and i loved the queen room though smaller but we spent so much time on the go that it was a cozy spot to curl up after a long night on the town . if size is a concern go king but i am a big guy and we had several bags and liked the queen room and it ' s corner location . we had a delay to retrieve our bags at o ' hare following the cubs game and had only about N minutes to check in and change and get to soldier field for the sunday night bears cowboys game following our treck back to the airport . they zipped us in and got our bags upstairs in no time and had a cab waiting for us upon our return downstairs for the game . we made it just in time for kickoff and a cowboys win ! i cannot say enough about the staff and all their help and recomendations . even at night when the street work was going on they let the cabs around the barracade to the front door . it is a very short walk to the red line and another block to the blue , perfect for seeing the town . the building takes you back in time and i almost felt like i was in a black in white movie with the old window type doors and the iron works on the walls . i really do not have the words to describe just how unique the building and hotel is but maybe this is the best way to put it . the burnham is a true " old school " gem with the touches of N . if you have a chance give it a try it will be well worth it . increadible stay ! 
we have just returned from a weekend trip to chicago where we stayed at the residence inn marriott . this hotel was newly updated with everything you needed for a great cost . we saw a show at the house of blue which was a walk-able distance from our hotel . there were ample amount of restaurants , bars , shops , etc from the hotel as well . this hotel is in the heart of the city and very close to the river . the famous harry carey ' s restaurant bar is directly across the street , which we went to twice ! there is an einstein brother ' s bagel ' s next door as well , which was convenient for snacks coffee . all the rooms were suite style with a modern kitchen , sofa and chair , flat screen tv , bed and bath . the kitchen was not fully equipped , but had everything that was needed for a week glasses , plates , bowls , wine glasses , pitchers , can opener , tupperware , etc . the continental breakfast was open early and was great ! ! they had multiple varieties of warm drinks ( which were good while being in chicago in nov ! ) such as coffee , tea , hot chocolate , etc . there was a waffle machine ( popular for the kids ! ) , muffins , bagels , cereal , eggs , bacon , etc . this was one of the top free continental breakfasts we ' ve had . the staff was friendly and helpful . they helped us with directions , getting taxi ' s , restaurant bar suggestions , etc . one of the best things they did for us is be honest on what was a walk-able distance for us from the hotel versus needing a taxi . for the value , this was a great hotel . we plan on coming back to chicago and staying here a second time . i would recommend this to anyone with kids and dogs ( they have a pet program ) ! ! 
we had a four-nigth stay there and everything was in line with our expectations . we reserved a deluxe suite , very well designed , furnished , clean and with a valuable view , though to be honest not the best that one can enjoy in chicago . staff is extremely polite and ready to give us help for any need . prices are absolutely fair . 
the hotel was located in a very fun area with lots of shops and restaurants walking distance away . it was a beautiful old building with all the old charm , but lots of updates to make it pleasant and comfortable as well . great linens and a truly stunning tiled bathroom with a huge shower . all the details were perfect , with a beautiful lobby , nice clean hallways with beautiful artwork and a very pleasant , quiet room . i definitely recommend it . 
this hotel is a chicago landmark i guess . it has an amazing lobby , kind of reminds me of the waldorf in new york , but smaller . the staff is friendly . i am here for business , and as the hotel is located right in the loop - it is really well located . i imagine that if you are here for tourism it ' s also well located because it is near millenium park and things . but the rooms are old and strange . in the room i had , the tv was N meters away from the bed . there was a big empty space in the middle of the room . the bathroom was very cramped with no space to put my things . the furniture was worn . 
we stayed at the city suites on saturday , april Nth for one night . we booked a standard queen room ( not a suite ) since we were not planning on spending much time in the room . the room was a bit larger than most boutique hotels in a city . the bathroom had a bit more room as well . we had no problem with noise as mentioned in other posts . the room was very quite . the best asset of this hotel is the location . we came in for a concert and wanted to bar hop on halsted after the show . this hotel is perfect as halsted is only a block away . there are also plenty of shops and good restaurants nearby . there is a train station right next door which makes getting around the city easy . overall the hotel is a good value . 
a busy hotel with a very convenient location , and good front office services . the rooms are quite dated and in need of refurbishment , although the beds are consistent with marriott ' s high standards . 
i tried to submit this through the crowne plaza website , but it was not functioning . we had a great stay at your hotel . my family had a holiday outing in chicago and we reserved N rooms for the night . i just wanted to compliment the lady that helped us check in . her name is jenna jung . she was extremely polite , patient and helpful and went out of her way to get us the room types and locations we needed . she made all of us feel like valued guests . please express our thanks to jenna . dennis schulkins
wow ! ! it was my first stay at the trump chicago and i have to say i am hard pressed to think of any place i have ever stayed that compares to this . the service is very , very friendly , prompt and courteous . the suite was enormous and extremely cosy . it felt more like a luxury condo than a hotel suite . i felt enveloped in luxurious fabric and warmth from the fireplace . beautiful views of the river and city as well . the restaurant is pretty nice , not the very best , but definitely worth a try . the spa is excellent - i got the best facial of my life , the kate sommerville signature facial . expensive but worth it ! you certainly get your money ' s worth at the trump . i don ' t visit chicago often but i look forward to staying there again in the future . 
just stayed at the new radisson blu . it had opened N weeks earlier . it is a beautiful hotel . the lobby , bar , sleeping rooms are well appointed and modern . the bathroom was one of the nicest that i have seen with a rain shower head and glass door . the location is good , a block away from michigan avenue and the river . it is right behind the hyatt hotel on columbus avenue . everything was top notched and we got a great rate , since they were trying to get people to stay there . they have a nice work out facility with good weight room and cardio area . they have a great indoor lap pool and jacuzzi . there is a co-ed steam room and sauna . here were the issues with the hotel . the check in was slow . there was only N attendant checking in guests . the wait wasnt long , but it was N minutes before we were helped . the rooms were very nice , but i opened a glass drawer and it was covered in construction dust , as was a desk drawer . if you go use the pool , you have to bring your own towels . the fitness center is for the apartment dwellers that are above the hotel . this is not mentioned in the hotel information . also they say that self parking is N , that is only if you don ' t move your car . you can not take it in and out or you will be charged more than N . again they didnt mention it in the hotel information . my first night cost me N , which is outrageous . apparently , the parking is controlled by the apartment complex , so they have no say at the radisson on this . at least that is what i was told . we also had bad service at the lobby bar , but i wont go into that , the women was probably having a bad night , because the bar was empty . warning the hotel is right next door to the chicago fire deparment and the sirens go all night and day . the sound proofing in the hotel is pretty good , but not enough to cover a loud siren . i think this will be a great hotel to stay at one day , if they grow up and learn how to run the hotel as one would expect for a hotel of this caliber . i would try it again , if the price is right
stopped off with my daughter for N hours on the way to st louis ! hotel was ok , room clean , good size and beds comfy . . . . . although it did seem very quiet ! we did make the mistake however of eating in kitty oshea s and for this to be part of the hotel you would have expected the food to have been of reasonable quality . however it was shocking . . . almost inedible . . . . the grilled chicken on the caesar salad was stone cold , almost frozen stank of whatever else it had been in a fridge with ! the irish home-made beer batter fish and chips were almost laughable - it was simply frozen fish shapes that you buy in most supermarkets . . . . disgusting ! dont eat in here ! ! ! overall the stay was fine although the hotel steeped in history and old world elegance lacked any atmosphere or buzz and for me personally i would not stay at this hotel again ! 
the double tree was a nice okay , nothing special . the best part was the location , N-N minute walk to the john hancock tower and navy pier . it was also close to bus and train transit stops . the hotel was attractive on the inside . there could be more seats in the lobby , where there is free wifi . in the rooms you can pay N Nhr for internet . our room was on floor N of N , nothing spectacular . it was kind of small , but pretty clean . we paid N on average for the N nights we were there which isn ' t bad for chicago . parking on site is N Nhr , park across the street if you don ' t plan on moving your car during the trip , it is N Nhr . we did not know that the mini bar worked on sensor so every time we opened it to look at the stuff in there we were charged , fortunately the front desk understand and removed all charges from out bill . besides a great location the concierges were extremely helpful in getting us on the right direction to get where we wanted to go . not sure if i would recommend this hotel , probably the location but not the specific hotel . i think there is an embassy suites a block to the east and they at least have free breakfast . 
i ' ve stayed at the hotel felix three times , when the price is right . i prefer the dana , which is around the corner , on a number of levels . nicer rooms , better views , better service . for this visit the service at the felix reached a new low . i called the day before to let them know that i would be arriving late , and was transferred N times from reservations ( not at the hotel ) to the front desk , back to reservations , and back to the hotel . finally the desk clerk said he would make a handwritten note ! not reassuring . when i finally got into the room , it was not ready for prime time . there were no hangers , nor glasses , nor any stopper in the sink . the bedside lamp was bolted to the wall at N off plumb . the pillows were old and lumpy . after multiple calls , we did get a sink drain , hangers , and two dirty glasses that we had to wash to use ! never got better pillows . the rest of the room was fine , although the window looked out directly into another building under construction , so close we could have touched it . we also ate breakfast in the cafe . they were out of several dishes . the coffee was delicious , and so was some of the food , but the rest was cold . i guess they do not give hotels . com guests their best rooms or their best service . i won ' t be coming back . 
the overall purpose of our trip was to attend my younger daughter ' s competition . since my older daughter was planning on meeting us , we decided to make it a mini vacation and take advantage of some of the sites the city has to offer . the best western river north is located within a few blocks of the blue and orange cta lines , making it very accessible from either of the airports . every morning , we were able to easily walk for breakfast . the free trolley for the navy pier is just a short walk away from the hotel . one day we walked a few blocks to the magnificent mile , and even made time to enjoy a deep dish pizza in the hotel ' s pizzeria ora . since we knew that we would spend very little time in our room , i wanted to spend as little as possible on a clean , adequate room . this best western met all of our needs and then some . the staff was helpful and friendly , we took advantage of the discounted ticket for some of the area ' s attractions that are available at the front desk . one afternoon we briefly visited the roof top pool , and were the only people at the pool . i must admit , the view is a little lame thought . 
me and my fiance stayed in chicago for N days and N nights ( N N N-N N N ) for his birthday weekend . after careful and several hotel considerations , we finally chose one homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown . we were greeted by valet parking and a friendly " welcome to chicago " as we were directed to the lobby . the receptionist was more than friendly and sarcastic while giving maps and directions of where to eat and sight see . we reserved a king suite-smoking that looked just like the pictures online , just a bit better ! living room , kitchen , a seperate bedroom accompanied by vanity section , bathroom , not to mention the room itself was very spacious ! if you jump into the bed i ' m sure you ' ll fall asleep that the bed is so comfortable and huge ! the views of the city was beautiful . we had a minor problem with connecting my fiance ' s xbox and someone was up to fix it in no more than N minutes . . . talk about fast service ! the two neighboring rooms next to us let the doors slam behind them throughout the time we stayed there which got a bit annoying , but didn ' t complain because i was so relaxed and comfortable in my suite ! we arose for complimentary breakfast at N Nam . to my surprise , a full dining area and seperate breakfast buffet that will make your mouth drop , ( eggs with cheese , sausage patties , bagels , variety of breads , doughnuts , cereal , etc . ) because anything you could name for breakfast was right in front of you ! overall , homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown is a big bang for your buck ! N advance purchse for a very spacious one king suite-smoking , complimentary internet access , premium channels , and complimentary breakfast , to name a few , is very cheap ! i am taking another trip to chicago within a month and i will not have to search for a hotel , i ' ve found my temporary home at this hotel . thank you homewood suites ! 
what a place ! the spa was aromatic , tranquil , and relaxing , and aja had a warm ambiance that went well with the orange lanterns and delicious sushi . the appetizer of flavored ice chips on the dry ice was very cool , and the rainbow roll was tasty . vertigo was hip enough that it motivated me to check out the fire pit and ice bar outside even though i m a wimp when it comes to the cold weather , and the hooded robes were a nice touch . plus , we devoured the oreo cookie dessert there to top things off . our corner room on one of the upper floors had a rustic , but modern feel with a superman-like view of norther chi-town , and the staff was responsive and professional . . . a class act ! 
stayed at this hotel for N days and totally enjoyed the experience . the staff were always very friendly and courteous from the moment we arrived . the rooms were of a good size and spotless with power shower , tv and coffee making facilities . the hotel is in an excellent location ( just around the corner from the magnificent mile ) with many shops , restaurants and bars located nearby . the only slightly down side was the small breakfast room ( for the size of hotel ) which could get a little crowded during the high season . however i would definitely have no hesitation staying at this hotel again . 
we stay at kimpton hotels whenever we can . the decor is always cool and the staff friendly . my daughter and i were in chicago looking at northwestern university and brought our boston terrier , sullivan , along . the hotel was very pet friendly and he was given a goody bag that had poop bags , treats and a map of the local dog parks . the room was very small but quiet and comfortable . great downtown loop location a block for the el . tons of dining options if you walk to michigan ave . highly recommended ! 
we stayed here for one night with our two kids , as they hotel could not accommodate both nights of our stay during a recent road trip . like just about everything else in chicago , the prices were steep . we were expecting more for the price we paid , but found only typical accommodations . we liked the location , the friendly and helpful bellhops , the views from our room and the top floor ballroom , and in and out privileges for the parking . we missed not having a mini fridge , and felt that having only one chair in a deluxe room with two queen beds was a miss even though there was plenty of room for more comfortable seating . the valet staff was slow to bring our car at checkout . there were no others waiting , and no new arrivals , yet it took them N minutes to get our car to us . 
the talbott hotel in chicago is my very favorite hotel in the city . the hotel is a small european style hotel with beautiful rooms and an excellent staff . the only thing that wasn ' t up to pare is the restaurant , and the quality has declined a lot since the last time i stayed at the talbott . the fruit on the fruit plate was overripe , the yogurt was sour , the coffee was just lukewarm and the breakfast assortment of breads was stale . the service in the restaurant was also poor . the restaurant has a beautiful outside dining area and would be wonderful if the food and service was better . after eating breakfast there we decided to find someplace else for dinner . hopefully they will improve on this but if not , i ' ll still stay at the talbott but find someplace else to eat . 
i definetely would not rate this as a N star hotel , more like N . the staff was wonderful , but the room was small and musty smelling . the beds were comfortable and room was clean , but not what i was expecting . i also would have liked to have been closer to michigan ave . would not stay here again ! 
the hotel really has two things going for it , the size of its suites and its location . the location was great right off michigan ave and next to a ginos pizza . you can really walk from anywhere you need to go and walgreens is right around the corner . the jr suite on a high floor had a nice view and was very large . the room had really nice amenities and everything was what would be expected for a N star hotel . i paid around N a night for a jr suite which was a good deal . the bathrooms are very small for a N sq foot suite , i mean they are arm length width and depth . the service was extremely hit or miss . when i first checked in the bellhop was so nice , maybe he was too nice because the check in woman seemed cold and detached . the bellhops really are N employees , should probably fire a few counter supervisors and replace them with a bellhop . also , the housekeeping was super friendly , just good friendly and nice people . the requests i made on myaffinia were met and was a really really nice touch . the staff even brought me shaving cream and razors which was really appreciated . the c-view lounge was awesome and the staff and feeling of the place was really fun . the front counter staff seemed to me to be overworked and friendly about N of the time , the rest of the time there was no smile or hello . it could be they were short staffed or something and the marathon swamped them . i went to the counter the day before i checked out and said " i am checking out tomorrow . . . . " the girl finished my sentence for me with " no late check outs we can hold your bag " well that is awesome but i was wondering about getting a taxi to the airport . this experience cemented the front counter experience as well below average . i would recommend the hotel only if you got a sub N price or a N range for the junior suite . don ' t get me wrong its a real nice hotel , however with as many hotels as chicago has its just a price game . 
first let me start by saying that i read the other reviews and i agree that the staff wasn ' t the best . i was there for a baby shower on a saturday afternoon and when it was over , we started to load the cars with the gifts . the only people who weren ' t doing anything were the couple expecting and the kids that were at the shower . everyone else had left except for the people who were helping with the gifts . it only took a few minutes to get everything in the cars and to get the rest of our things so we could go and as we are putting on our coats , a guy ( restaurant manager maybe ) comes in and starts yell " you need to leave now ! " the shower actually ended before the time it was suppose to , so we were still under our contracted time when we were cleaning up . i should have known then to cancel my room for that night . i had went out to eat later that evening and when we came back , the front desk area was chaotic . there was a guy at the end of the counter talking to a lady and man behind the counter about the music on his iphone and how she can put music on hers . there was another lady behind the counter on the phone helping the guy in front of me and then the girl i had talked to earlier came from the back . now my experience at other hotels has been , when a customer comes up to the counter you greet them and either say how can i help you or i will be with you shortly . we got neither . the first thing that was said to us , after N minutes , was is that y all ? y all been smoking ? . i was truly offended . i don t know what made her even say those things . i m a customer and that is how i get greeted . unacceptable ! i ever so nicely , without getting too loud , said excuse me ? i don t do those things and don t think that is what you should be saying to a customer . mind you , nowhere in the area was there a weed smell . i guess she wanted some weed really bad . maybe the hotel should start drug testing their employees . we finally get check into our room and it looks like a nice room but not the one i ordered . i requested a king size bed and was clearly stated on my confirmation email . i received a double queen room . i called the front desk and said i wanted the king room and she rudely said they were sold out . now most other reviews said the area wasn ' t nice or safe and there wasn t many places to eat nearby . i don ' t really agree . i think like any other major city , you shouldn ' t walk alone at night in unfamiliar places and you should be aware of your surroundings . i do agree however , that all entrances except the front door should be locked after Npm . when i came back in at midnight , the door on the side was not locked . as far as places nearby to eat , yes there aren t many places within walking distance but you are only a few minutes from downtown . hop a cab , and go eat or order something . i m not sure i will stay here again if they have the same rude , don t want to work staff . 
my N year old daughter and i stayed four days at the fitzpatrick in august . we arrived at the hotel on friday at noon , and were taken straight to our room , despite the posted N N check-in . the staff was very friendly and answered all of our questions about transportation , activities and shopping . the hotel location is perfect ! you are right off the magnificent mile , across the street and around the corner from american girl place , and right next door to the hotel is a fantastic pizza place . we could even see the fireworks show at the navy pier from our hotel window . we felt safe the entire time and didn ' t return to our hotel until after dark a couple of nights . no problems at all . our room was beautiful and spacious . there are robes and slippers for your personal use during your stay . the bedroom and living room are divided by a " bookshelf " wall ( no door ) , with t . v . s on both sides . we were on the Nth floor ( the Nth floor is the pool and meeting rooms ) , therefore our room had an elevated ceiling , which made it feel even more spacious . i would highly reccommend this hotel . 
my daughter and i spent aug . N -N at whitehall . i called them several days before our check-in and requested a room with a nice view . we got on the Nth floor looking out at another building which was fine . we didn ' t stay in the room much anyhow inorder to sightsee . the hotel location is great ! you can go right down the block to catch the free trolleys or doubledecker buses . most things are within walking distance . hancock observatory is right down the street with great meals at the cheesecake factory patio . we also grabbed a quick burger at johnny rockets on the other corner from whitehall . an excellent italian restaurant called papa milanos was a couple of blocks away . the reception girls were pleasant and friendly at whitehall , as were the doormen , and valets . the room was nice with a double bed , new carpet , and plenty of lights lamps . the furniture was quaint and in excellent condition , as was the bed - great sleeping . mirrors were plentiful - full length on the double sliding closet doors , huge mirror over the desk , and in the bathroom . drapes were in fine condition , windows were clean . the air conditioner worked great . there were N phones - one on the desk , one on the nightstand , and one in the bathroom . the bathroom was large , and very clean , with lovely tile flooring , large vanity , and hairdryer . ( the room also had an iron and ironing board . ) the concierges were excellent - ronald and tim . they didn ' t rush us and had all the needed maps and info . to get ice , we had to call down to room service . they brought it up within N min . the adjoining lounge had a relaxing atmosphere with a piano player and singer . we didn ' t check out the fitness room - no time . we would stay there again . we had a very pleasant experience with whitehall hotel . 
well restored and very comfortable . close to the museums , and within walking distance to michigan ave . nice sized rooms and very comfortable accomidations . in room dining is exceptional . 
stayed for N nights for our anniversary . the desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary , he gave us an upgrade . . . imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only N other rooms ! corner tower suite with a view of the river and michigan ave . beautiful ! cabs available right outside the lobby . . . never paid more than N for a cab ride . if you go in dec . you must go to the chriskindl festival for strudel ! 
i stayed here for the pack expo trade show from oct . N-nov . N and had a very comfortable and enjoyable experience . the " heavenly bed " was excellent with soft linens and comfy pillows and the room was clean and stylish . the lake views were excellent . the location was perfect for me--the hotel is right on michigan ave , right next to the john hancock center . we were right in the heart of the magnificent mile and therefore close to shopping and restaurants . the staff was courteous and friendly , although i didn ' t have much interaction with them . the restaurant was ok ( ate there for breakfast ) but the service was somewhat slow , which was surprising given that it wasn ' t full . overall , it was a good stay and i wouldn ' t hesitate to stay at another westin ( or this one ) again . i just wish i ' d had more non-working time to enjoy my time on michigan ave a little more ! 
i travel frequently on business ( both domestically and internationally ) and was looking forward to our five-night stay here . good points the hotel is in a prime location , just two blocks from the mag mile . you ' re in walking distance ( within N-N blocks ) of several excellent restaurants . the rooms are very clean . and the continental breakfast on each floor is nice ( not elaborate--just sweet rolls , some fruit , coffee and juice ) and certainly convenient . mediocre points for the price and all the glowing reviews i read , i fear it ' s not quite up to snuff . the service wasn ' t exactly what i ' d call " european " or " upscale " as some other travelers have noted . it ' s more like a very nice holiday inn . the staff is friendly ( except for the doorman , who was always excellent ) , but they don ' t really go out of their way to make you feel welcome or particularly pampered . all in all , it ' s " fine " but not N-per-night worth of fine . bad points we had room N , which backed up to an alley filled with dumpsters . ok , you ' re not looking out there , but you will hear the garbage trucks emptying every one of the N dumpsters at Nam . not exactly restful . on the first night , we thought , " well , what bad luck but now that ' s over . " the garbage trucks returned the next night for another two-hour crash bang boom fest . we asked to be moved the next day , which the hotel did . we also asked for an adjustment to the bill ( they took off N for each of two nights ) , which they did less readily . if you want a great location , this is it . if you ' re looking for the european ambiance they tout or N-star accommodations worthy of the N-star price tag , look elsewhere . there are plenty of other hotels in chi-town . 
hotel sax is a treasure . . . in the right place , at the right time . relaxed but close to everything . great spot on the river . staff ever so helpful and friendly from the desk to the consierge to the doormen . wine cellar and restaurant nice touch . will be back many times and recommend to everyone . 
great hotel , great location with amazing city and make views . staff is very professional ! very big rooms . one of the best hotels ever been to ! ! ! 
we booked our stay in march through travelzoo like so many other reviewers . because of the great deal , we were a little wary about the state of the hotel during construction . that wariness turned out to be completely unnecessary ! the entrance to the hotel is a mess - there is scaffolding , uneven sidewalks , mud , wet paint in the lobby , etc . , but this really didn ' t make any difference to my husband or me . the only annoying thing about the construction was that we were forced to use two separate sets of slooow elevators every time we went to our room . otherwise , the price and the newly remodeled rooms were definitely worth the cost of walking through a little construction in the entrance . the rooms are all updated with a very clean and stylish feel to them . we stayed in the studio suite , which was very spacious and very comfortable . the flat panel tv that swivels around from bedroom to living room definitely kept my husband entertained for a while . the view from our room - on the Nth floor i think - was a great view right down a street that runs parallel to mich ave . the fact that the restaurant and bar aren ' t open made no difference to us whatsoever . there are tons of restaurants extremely close nearby , and if you want room service , they provide all the rooms with a menu from a delivery service for area restaurants . also , the lobby was always stocked with complimentary bottles of water and snacks . the location cannot be beat - it is about a block away from michigan ave , and about N N a block to neiman-marcus and sak ' s . it ' s literally right in the middle of everything . also , every single employee of the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful . we are not the typical guests because we were in town visiting several friends , and often visit chicago , so we didn ' t need as many recommendations about getting to navy pier , etc . , but if you do need that information , they are very knowledgeable and willing to offer tips . we loved our stay so much that i convinced my sister to book the hotel a few weeks later , and she also was extremely satisfied . once the new restaurant and rooftop bar are opened , this hotel is going to be one of the best deals in chicago . 
this is an older hotel , but we thought it was great . the staff was always cordial and greeted us each time we returned . we had a nonsmoking room with N double beds ( room N ) , and we had N full bathrooms - unheard of in any hotel i ' ve stayed in . the bathrooms were small , but having two is a luxury when traveling with a teen . we did not have a car , this hotel was a short walk from the diversey station el , from midway . the continental breakfast was great ( eggs , bagels , muffins , donuts , yogurt , fruit , hot and cold cereal , sausage and bacon ) . they had a nice lobby and a secure door that always required a key to access the hallway leading to the rooms . we chose this hotel because our daughter lives within N blocks . it is in a wonderful area surrounded by restaurants , shops and residential areas . i was pleasantly surprised and i would definitely stay there again . 
i liked where the hotel is situated-right in the heart of chicago . one thing i really appreciated was the fact that there is parking available that is easily accessible from the hotel . although expensive ( N day ) , for me , it was worth it . the hotel looks magnificent ! the staff was friendly and professional . besides the bedroom being very spacious and clean , there was nothing special there . the bed was comfortable and they do need to upgrade their tvs . the bathroom was small and i think they could have done a better job by adding a soaking tub . i hated the fact that they charge for internet access . ( N hr if you ' re in your room i think it ' s less if you ' re in the lobby ) but i guess it ' s because of the clientele they get which i noticed was more of businessmen . so if you are like me , traveling across country and just need to check on some stuff for few minutes , there ' s a starbucks right down the street with free wi-fi . 
i stay at the hotel blake regularly for business , and it never disappoints . clean , stylish , large rooms , nice bar , and attentive staff . my only complaint is the inconvenient ice machine location . 
we ' re not city drivers or city dwellers . the location of this hotel is perfect ! free parking is definitely the greatest thing . the staff are helpful and very nice . this is the only place we stay when we go to chicago , . 
we stayed here , as it was where the chicago unifieds were held . i booked our room online i wanted the Nrd floor ( executive floor ) and requested early check in and the room upgrade option ( for a nominal fee ) . we arrived at the hotel a couple several hours before check in , exhausted and not looking forward to getting ready for her auditions in the lobby bathrooms , as we figured it was too early to get our room , but the receptionist said our room was actually ready then and we were welcome to check in , what a blessing that was ! we also received the room upgrade . i think it was an extra N bucks , we got a big suite with two niced sized bathrooms , closets , etc . it was a lovely room . i would highly recommend staying on the executive floor , if your budget allows . they have huge sitting areas , and unlimited snacks beverages all day , plus breakfast . i think it was well worth the extra if you are there for a convention and will be spending lots of time at the hotel . the bed was heavenly , as other posters stated . the best night i ' ve ever slept in a hotel . i didn ' t hear any noise from rooms nextdoor or barely any noise from the street , besides an occassional ambulance , but not loud . also , this hotel was top notch for a large conference like the chicago unifieds . plenty of conference spaces , bathroom and water availability excellent host hotel for unifieds . also , we were able to pay an extra N ( an option on the check out bill delivered under your door the morning of checkout ) for a late N pm checkout , which again , was well worth it . check was simple just phone your departure time to the front desk . we were also able to store our bags for free ( just gave them a nice tip ) as we didn ' t need to leave to catch our plane for several hours after we had to check out . this made it easy to do some shopping w o hauling our luggage all around michigan ave . the only downside was internet ( wireless and room connection ) was extra , even on the executive floor . because the rooms are a little on the pricey side , i could see this being a negative for the hotel , but that ' s the only thing we would have changed . i would highly recommend this hotel if you have some extra and want to feel pampered . luxurious rooms , accomodating staff , great location we loved it ! 
top quality property with superb service and luxurious room . spa was excellent , as was the breakfast in the lobby restaurant complete with a string quartet . we had a child with us that was also catered to with special treats in the room on arrival . concierge also very helpful with directions and suggestions . 
good hotel if- and only if- you are going to a convention in mccormick place . the hotel is located a long distance from any other attractions , except solider field . it is on the northern edge of one of the worst south chicago neighborhoods . don ' t walk any where . drive or taxi , even if only a short distance . the hotel itself is clean and modern . the staff was adequate . our room faced the lake and had a nice view of navy pier , which would have been good in the summer when they have the fireworks . despite the hotels features , we will never stay here again because it is simply too far south of the restaurants and activities we want and the surrounding neighborhood is a disaster . the self-park garage was attached to the hotel and safe ( N for N hours ) . the hotel offers breakfast , but most of the dishes are N which is pricey for eggs and toast , even in chicago . 
i stayed there the weekend of november Nnd and i loved it ! i was my second time staying there and the staff remembered me . the entire crew in the bar is awesome and the place is magnificent ! i highly recommend that you check this place out ! it is very hip ! 
i stayed here once before a few years ago , and it was fine , but this stay was not very pleasant . i was attending a conference and didn ' t have much time to lodge complaints , but my hotel room was unbearably hot ( as in i set the temperature down to N degrees , but it still felt like it was at least in the high Ns ) and my tv didn ' t work . also , while the front desk staff during the day and early evening hours was perfectly helpful , the late night staff was surly and confusing at best . 
i stayed at the intercontinental hotel for a leisure weekend with my husband and niece and it could not have been a better experience . from stan who greeted us and took charge of our bags , to the front desk check-in to sam who delivered our bags and was a wealth of information on the hotel and surrounding area . our room was clean , nicely appointed and a decent size . the staff everywhere was wonderful . we ate at michael jordans restaurant and at the continental and at both the food was good and waitstaff courteous and attentive . the hotel is right across from nordstroms and within a few blocks of other great stores . this was meant to be a special weekend for our niece ' s Nth birthday and the intercontinental certainly played it ' s part . 
i just arrived a few hours ago , and i must agree that the staff is friendly but unbending to give a gold member an upgrade . i agree with the smallest suite review ! ! ! i was directed to three other rooms before i found one where i could finally open the drawer in the bedroom without hitting the bed , but there was no bathtub , only a shower . i was also told i would get a view of the fireworks , however on check-in it appears that no one bedroom suites had that view --- or any river view . i bought a pizza to heat only to return and discover there was no oven even though a full kitchen is advertised . there is only a two burner top , a full size refrig and a dishwasher---i would rather have a mini-fridge or no dishwasher and an oven . a lot of people do not " nuke " food . the evening light meal was more than adequate , but staff ran out of pasta and salad and brownies at N N , did not make more due to time , but did offer more bread and beverages . this has never happened anywhere i stayed before---especially with the receptionist indicating i could wait until N N to make a plate for my daughter---i went to trader joes ' s and bought some pasta to go with the sauce . yes , it is complimentary , but very much expected . . . there were several other disgruntled families and businessmen . i do not like the split lobby , but obviously the owners are trying to economize in every way they can and have rented out the ground floor . it is probably safer and the second floor dining area is quite pleasant witht he second floor view . everything is a trade-off . i totally prefer the comfort and amenities of the residence inn on walton ( miracle mile ) , however , it is a bit overrun with the " american girl " groupies on the weekends and too many unruly children . this is more in the working business section . however , many convention busses do not stop here and the front desk personnel indicated a one block walk south to the westin river north when i called . after i checked in , it appears a three block walk to the hilton garden inn for convention shuttle . on the positive side , it is new and very clean . the internet works very well . i have not experienced the slow elevator problem described in previous emails yet . the staff appears used to the small room comments and are trying to fend the issue as graciously as possible . the top floor pool looked very nice , as did the work out facility . . . much nicer than the residence on walton for work out and that place has no pool . i would suspect this is a foreign owned marriott as it is not similar to standard for this country in terms of space , amenities , etc . i will check on it . 
my friend and i had planned a vacation in chicago for a chairty event from the N-Nth and our last night we decided to stay at this hotel . the pictures looked amazing and the price seemed resonable . we were really excited to get to our room and see what it looked like . so we get to our room and we could not believe how old fashioned it was . we ' d stayed at N other hotels in the N days we ' d been in the city and this hotel did not even come close . seriously , the decor is so old it ' s not even funny . yes , we were aware that it was an old hotel , but this was just to much for our comfort . we had asked for a view of something and all we got was the hotel across the street and some emergency exit stairs . the room smelled old and musty , not to mention it was just creapy being in there , the so called " cannopy " beds didn ' t even come out of their confines , the bathroom is by far the tiniest i ' ve ever seen in my life . i ' ve seen outhouses bigger then these ! it ' s like a shower , toilet and sink all shoved into a closet . hardly enough room to move . neither one of us felt " at home " nor comfortable enough to sleep there . i called down to the front desk , explained the room was nothing like i had reserved and asked if we could somehow cancelle our reservations but i was told nothing could be done so we were forced to stay there . the lamp beside the beds didn ' t work , the room had and internet keyboard but was not ' eqipped " to do so . the so called computer rooms are crazy ! they charge you N bucks for the Nst hour and N bucks for so on . most hotels include that in your hotel stay . i know myself , nor my friend will ever stay here again . it ' s seriously like staying in a room in the N ' s so if your old enough to enjoy that , go for it but anyone who enjoys tasteful furniture and some color , i don ' t advise this hotel . 
we got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels ' website newsletter . affinia has a great location just off michigan avenue near the water tower . beware however parking is expensive in the gold coast . . . . N night . right from the start , victor greeted us and made us feel welcome . check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous . however , it was a handicapped acessible room and i wanted a tub , so one call to the front desk and we had another room . all rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful , comfortable and well appointed . the rooftop bar is a must-do . the outside patio has heaters and candles , a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views . we didn ' t sit inside the bar area . pedro and quentin were excellent bellmen , and christopher ( concierge ) was very helpful . as we left , we shook victor ' s hand ( he ' s always there ! ) and told him we ' ve found our new chicago hotel ! 
this hotel is the perfect location for downtown chicago shopping . the only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors , but looks much larger on the website . 
my wife and i recently stayed at the hyatt for one night . we paid N though hotwire . i arrived at around noon . check-in was a breeze and my room was ready . the king size bed was very comfortable . nice linens in the bathroom . we checked out early the following morning . no problems . overall , a nice shot stay . 
the hotel is in a great location , however the rooms and amenities are below expectations . the night i stayed their website price was N a night - i pricelined for about N . the latter price was more than enough . the rooms are small . the staff are way less than three star . take it from a seasoned traveler . . . . ok , but don ' t pay a lot for this . 
ok , so this is an older hotel and the rooms are small . i can live with that . but then why cram the room with inappropriate and useless furniture ( do we really need an ottoman ? ) , and arrange it so that the tv can ' t be pointed at the bed . not to mention hanging a bizarre piece of white cushioning in a frame behind the head of the bed -- guaranteed to get dirty and vaguely disgusting . i ' ve stayed in worse , but it would have been so easy to compensate for the small rooms with appropriate modern and minimal furniture that could have made the rooms pleasant . and it would have been easier to keep clean as well . the bathroom is the size of a phone booth . ok , i ' ll survive . but then why put in an oversized shower , leaving so little room that you can hardly use the toilet , since it ' s underneath the towel ring and hemmed in on one side by the shower door and on the other by the train-compartment-sized sink -- which has no usable ledge for your stuff because there ' s no room ! they have to place the towels on a chair outside , since there ' s no room in the bathroom itself . i also didn ' t appreciate the squished bugs on the ridged wallpaper , the kleenex box with three kleenex left in it ( never replaced once there were no kleenex left ) , the dirty cushion they kept placing on the ( i hope ) clean sheets of the bed each day , and so on and so on . not the worst , as i say , but i won ' t be back . 
i was on a business trip , and this was the hotel i had available to me . the staff were generally friendly and helpful , and the restaurant was very good . however , the carpets appeared to be stained and dirty , especially along the hallways . they were using carpet dryers on more than one floor ( maybe they were having trouble with water leaks ? ) also , the tub drain was completely clogged . when i asked for it to be fixed , the front desk informed me i had to be present for the engineer to come up . since i was supposed to be in meetings all day , i was disappointed they could not find a way to make repairs without me having to wait almost an hour on business time for this to occur . ( of note , the engineer was very friendly and professional . ) maybe they could have a security guard accompany him next time ? anyways , the bed was comfortable and the climate control was great . 
had to take this hotel , as everything was booked . great staff , helpful and friendly . very good housekeeping . funky , but good parking . . . ( you have to park a block away at night , lot adjacent to hotel gets full ) . breakfast not bad , very basic continental , fresh and not too bad coffee . con this place as another reviewer said " is not charming , it ' s old . . . " i felt like i was in a transient hotel right out of a movie . creaky bed , really old cheap furniture , worn-out hallways . . . i would say this is a Nnd choice hotel , ok if you have too . . . . 
i stayed here in august , after missing a flight due to unbelievable traffic . i had been driving in from wisconsin , and even though i allowed myself an extra couple of hours leeway , there had been an accident on the highway where gasoline spilled , the air water show was happening on the lakefront , and there was a cubs game . after a horrendously long time spent in the car , at the airport , then a cab , it was such a relief to walk into the beautiful lobby with some of the most artistic flower arrangements i ' ve seen . the staff were completely courteous and helpful , and the room was incredibly comfortable . i loved the l ' occitane bath products ! ! we had dinner in the bar - they provided full service , and were even more than happy to accommodate a member of our party who was on a restricted diet . the food was delicious , and the servers and bartender were friendly and efficient . the workout facility was also super nice . what was most unbelievable to me , however , was the excellent price of the room . i ' ve paid close to the same amount to stay in some of the middle-of-the-road chain motels that can ' t even be considered in the same league- i don ' t know how they do it ! ! i would N recommend this hotel and will most definitely stay here next time in in chicago ! 
the hotel room was great . checking in with sara , however , was certainly not . you would think that a place like this could afford to pay a more courteous staff ! we will stay elsewhere next time we are in chicago . 
we had a wonderful time at the chicago south loop hotel . the rooms were spotless the service was wonderful . the staff was exceptional very helpfull and nice going above and beyond there dutys from the front desk to housekeeping . i would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in chicago . special thanks to bernita , monique , jackie , kevin , byron , taron , renee , jim , diane w and if i missed anyone i came in contact with who works at the hotel special thanks to you all also . to the management you have a great crew that works for you treat them with the upmost respect because i hope to see them all on our next trip to chicago and we plan on coming to stay at the south loop hotel ! sincerely mr . mrs . treasure ! ! ! 
my room was dirty . . . hair on the bathroom floor that i had to clean up . then second night housekeeping took away my shampoo , soap and conditioner and did not repalce it . i ended up not being able to really shower before a meeting . had been looking at them for a possible wedding but would never want guests to stay there . 
we travel frequently and i always look on tripadvisor for reviews before we make reservations . unfortunately with this hotel , there was a conference in chicago the weekend we were there on september N so there weren ' t a lot of hotel choices available when we booked our stay . we booked two rooms for two couples with the boutique hotel . normally i enjoy staying at a boutique hotel because the hotel is not massive and the staff are friendly . however , this boutique hotel had some disappointments that we ' ve not experienced previously . pros - the location is great if you desire to be near michigan avenue . it ' s literally a short walk to the magnificent mile so it ' s very convenient . - the price was less , especially for that location at the time . i also noticed they had a special on their website that was even better than what we paid . - the lobby area was clean as was both rooms . cons - the staff was not very friendly throughout our visit . from the moment we arrived , we received no help with the door nor our luggage . i will explain more about the staff below . - the elevators are very small so we had to wait for an elevator at times since they fit two people comfortably , especially if someone has luggage . - there wasn ' t any place to eat for breakfast at the hotel , not even a continental breakfast choice . - the lobby and bar area is also small so there is not a lot of seating available . - there were very intoxicated people who who entered the hotel and were not guests . i do not know if this is because of the location of the hotel or not but the doorman had to be notified by another guest who then went to " find " the intoxicated people . had the doorman been at the door in the first place , maybe he would have seen them come into the hotel himself . - the fitness area was small and most of the equipment was broken , although there wasn ' t any signage on the equipment noting it was not working . - our rental car was parked in their parking lot across the street and was damaged by another vehicle in the parking lot during our stay . the manager of the parking lot said they were not responsible even though an employee of the parking lot was aware of the damage . we were not able to reach a manager at the hotel when we checked-out because the person at the front desk said that a manager was not present ( poor customer service ) . we were given a phone number in which to call the manager at another time . after multiple calls to the manager of the hotel , who also denied any responsibility , we were provided with a credit for the parking lot fee for the night but nothing for the damage on the vehicle . 
i stayed at the palmer house for N nights this week . the public spaces in the hotel are spectacular , and i ' d recommend you stop in the lobby for a drink whether you stay at the palmer or not . the rooms are small , like many older hotels , but they are very well maintained . the linens are soft and beautiful . cons it is noisy . my room facing the courtyard had a continuous buzzing noise like a generator . my biggest beef is that the operable windows were locked shut - i wanted to open them to listen to the rain ( which would have been a pleasant counterpoint to the generator noise ) and i could not . 
this hotel is excellent for business travelers , i would probably stay for leisure as well because the service is so great . there is a computer and printer available N-N as well as free internet ( as it should be everywhere ! ) and continental breakfast . the rooms are very pleasant they are spacious and comfortable . i prefer the quiet location of this hotel compared to other hotels i have stayed at in chicago ( including the hyatt convention center which is a difficult to navigate and wholly inconvenient monstrosity ) . the N-hr fitness center was a big sell , and the in-room jacuzzi tubs in the suites ( suites only ) almost make up for the lack of a pool . the very best part about the hotel was the excellent service . the " bad " . . . had a minor billing issue that took a some time to correct ( but was eventually corrected very cordially ) , they could serve better coffee for breakfast . overall great hotel . 
read the reviews on tripadvisor before booking . i stay at marriott a lot on business so used points to book N nights when my son and i went to chicago to catch a cubs game . the hotel is in a great location in the heart of downtown on the chicago river . we walked to navy pier on lake michigan , about N min walk . the red line subway is N block away which will take you to the cubs or white sox games . the connsier was outstanding . there was a harry potter exhibit at the museum of history and industry . she recommended it after asking my son ( N ) if he liked harry potter . great idea . allof the staff were friendly . the last night it rained , so after returning from a day exploring , we rented a movie in the room and ordered room service . they have a children ' s menu ( N each ) which is unusual in nicer hotels . food arrived in N minutes . there is an extensive breakfast buffett each morning , discount for children again . overall , i ' d stay here again on business or pleasure
we stayed at the swissotel chicago for N nights july N-N and had a great time . rooms we liked our room . the bathroom was big enough with adequate vanity space , with separate tub and shower . beds were comfortable enough , although it seemed they d put a pillow top mattress pad on top of a too old mattress . furnishings were fine . rooms were quiet enough . be sure to ask for a room high up when you book your reservation you ll probably get a good view wherever you stay , but the higher up you are , the more you can see . location this is a pretty good , central location , about a N-N minute walk off michigan avenue and wacker , close to the water , just south of the magnificent mile . you can see downtown and or the navy pier from most of the rooms . i liked it because it wasn t too close to the noise and crowdedness of michigan avenue . swissotel is next door to the huge hyatt hotel . i think it s the Nrd building in from the lake . transportation well , i d read about taking the train in and then walking to the hotel . i don t think any of the train stations are close together . cabs are definitely the way to go . don t rent a car unless you absolutely have to . the parking at swissotel is about N and parking is hard to come by in other places if you want to get out and about . the trains are old , jerky and bumpy not like the ones in new york city or washington , d . c . from midway airport , we took the orange line in and got off at the state and lake stop . it s at least a N-minute walk from there to the swissotel ( again , did i mention all the luggage ? ) the train stop is upstairs and there are no elevators , so we had to lug all our bags down N flights of stairs . looking back , i d save the expense and trouble and just get a cab . it was N one-way back to the midway airport from the hotel . we each bought a N-day unlimited cta pass for N each and only used the train once getting from midway to the hotel . staff we found the staff to be helpful and friendly . we never saw long lines for anything . we asked for extra towels each day and they were promptly delivered within N minutes . the maids did a good job . ice machine we had to go up a floor and into a service area to find ice . they turn the machines off to save electricity , i think . you have to flip the power switch , and once i figured it out , i had all the ice i needed . pool we went to the hot tub a couple of times . it was nice . they have a nice workout area but you have to pay N a day to use it . the workout area overlooks the city and was nice and clean . dining we did not eat at the hotel . they have a palm steak house here and it was open for lunch . they seemed to have reasonable steak house lunch prices . i ve never seen a palm restaurant open for lunch wish we could have tried this . we went to houlihan s down the street as several other reviews suggested i just wasn t all that impressed . they have a N breakfast buffet but it s just that a N breakfast buffet , similar to what you find in a nice hampton inn and suites these days . they had some hot items that looked like they d sat a little too long , cereal and some fruit stations . they had an omelet station but they couldn t find the chef so i waited N minutes ( omelet was good ) . we ate at the original billy goat tavern it s on michigan , just north of wacker , across the bridge , maybe a N-minute walk from the hotel . you have to take a staircase down to the lower level of the highway ( kind of like an underground parking garage ) . they serve breakfast , lunch dinner . wish i d known about the breakfast on the first day . good hamburgers too ( and i don t usually like hamburgers ) . there s also a mcdonald s close to the billy goat tavern , right behind the wrigley building . we ate at mike ditka s steak house restaurant and it was good . we went to the signature room restaurant and it was good , with the great view you d expect . we had a little bit hard of a time trying to identify the hancock tower it seemed kind of set back off michigan avenue . we ate at giordano s italian and it was good . the have a lunch personal pizza and it s still too big for one person . we ate at emerald loop caf it s down wacker , go left on wabash , restaurant s on the right . a nice restaurant with reasonable prices and great food . kind of like an upscale bennigans , but a lot better and prices aren t that much higher . attractions we took the architecture foundation river cruise . the departure is right down the street from the swissotel , at the corner of wacker michigan , downstairs , under the blue awning . the tour was well done , but don t forget a hat and some major sunscreen the best seats are up top and it s open to the elements . i went to the art institute of chicago and wish i could have spent more time there . hubby and kids went to the museum of science and industry . we walked along the navy pier . it s just as touristy and kid-friendly as you d expect but seemed clean and relatively safe . went to millennium park ( free ! and not too far from swissotel maybe N minutes walk ) and it s a great place to visit . ambiance of the city we didn t find the people of chicago to be as friendly as those in texas . we encountered quite a few aggressive homeless people throughout all of chicago . i didn t feel completely safe walking around the streets by myself . overall nice experience and i d stay here again . 
i stayed several months at the seneca this past summer when my wife had medical procedures performed at northwestern memorial . i thought that the extended stay rates were reasonable and the staff accommodating . the hotel is pretty old , my suite was pretty tired and sported a dreary view of the back alley . even so , if you have to spend mega-days in the area of town called streeterville i suggest that you consider the seneca . it is adjacent to the hancock tower , close to water tower place ( for shopping and dining ) and just a block off the magnificent mile . 
stayed here for business recently and it was a disaster . there was a problem with the booking of our room - two of my colleagues decided not to come on the trip and two different people came in their stead . despite the fact that we had the credit card the room was booked on in hand , the hotel would not let us check into the room because the names of the guests who showed up did not match the names on the reservation ( again , on the same credit card ) . we went through two levels of management , and the response was " sorry , there is nothing we can do to help . " then , our office manager called from afar , was told the same thing about the rooms , and then put on a show by faking crying and making up a story that she would be fired if the situation was not rectified . then , and only then , did management suprisingly decide to allow us to occupy the room . all of this wasted N hours of time and caused great stress . i was simply shocked at how many times management said " there is nothing we can do " instead of trying to help us out . the other " great " thing was that they fully admitted we would be charged for the room because we had reserved it , but could not occupy it or cancel the reservation because the actual guests listed were not present . 
prices of rooms are left to the disgration of the very unfriendly staff . beware . . . of hidden charges that will later show up on your credit card bill . parking is not included in the price and you will not be warned of this . when you check in you will be advised where to park and that they require an additional N . N deposit for the phone , tv , etc . on top of the room rate . they will never mention you must pay an additional fee of N . N per night for parking . after you pay cash for your room and parking charges you will see on your next credit card statement charges for the parking garage in the amount of N . N which they will say was a tip . when you phone in for a reservation you are required to give a credit card number to hold the room and they will charge what ever they want to it without your permissionand you never have to present the card or signing anything . 
i plan on following up with a full review later , however , i wanted to give an initial impression while we ' re still on property . we are finnicky ( sp ) and frugal when it comes to accommodations . with that said , we ( myself , wife , and N year old daughter ) have found ourselves forced to slow down and forget our busy schedules , etc . we could not be happier . . . . . 
booked at the conrad for our annual christmas trip to chicago and just returned . great location on rush street and surrounded by great shopping and restaurants . we didn ' t spend much time at the hotel so i would like to return when it ' s not snowing and we can enjoy the area more . many guests were loaded with shopping bags and packages . so it ' s an easy walk to great shopping . ( nordstrom was directly across the street and i think the hotel had a walkway or easy access to it . ) it was snowing too hard and way too cold to explore the outdoor areas ! ! we were also enjoying a late night cocktail in the lobby bar when larry byrd and the pacers checked in over the weekend . they were obviously in town to play the bulls . i ' m not a huge basketball fan but you can ' t miss that many tall guys walking thru the lobby . . . and anyone can recognize larry byrd . security was tight and they were shuffled onto the elevator while the crowd in the bar applauded and cheered . but just a few minutes later larry byrd walks into the bar and took a table along the wall and was eventually joined by others . i thought then . . . i like this place ! great beds , very quiet , extremely clean . and you never know who you will run into ! ! 
my wife and i stayed for N nights and loved it . our stay was booked for us by virgin atlantic when we booked our flights from london to chicago . we were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the hilton brand name . in the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel . on arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient . the interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built . the room we were given was a good size with N queen bed which was particularly comfortable . the hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby . the first night we ate at the hotel ' s own gourmet restaurant ( the lockwood ) which did not disappoint . the breakfasts are also served in this restaurant . we had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered . generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful . a nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving . a member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive . overall i would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money . 
suite rooms are great actually separted by walls and doors , not like other hotels . N tv ' s , fireplace and N . N bathrooms . staff is very friendly . great location - right off michigan avenue . nice oasis in downtown chicago . 
the hotel is beautiful . nice flat screen tv , great view of magnificent mile , nice furnishings . we got the room for N night through hotwire . to be honest , i wouldn ' t stay here again , even if it was N night . the service was terrible - the concierge was away from the desk , and no one else would help us find a good place to eat drink dance . finally , someone told us about a great place to go on the other side of town - sangria . we had a minor with us , and he said that they accepted N and older in the club . so , we took the N cab trip there , and sangria told us that it was N and up only . so , we went all the way back and complained . we asked the front desk to refund us for the cab rides , but they said that they couldn ' t do that . they gave us a coupon for a free drink , but by the time we got back from our room , the bar was closed . everyone behind the front desk except for one person treated us like we were just second rate . on top of all this , everything costs extra - even the toothbrush toothpaste , just in case you forgot yours , costs N . if you have an endless pocketbook and love to tip generously , i ' m sure your stay would be wonderful , but if you ' re like me , you ' ll grudgingly hand over N by N for tipping and extras , adding up to be just as much as you spent on the room originally ! 
i think i have been finally been convinced to switch away from the hilton hotels . i have had more inconsistent stays at their hotels . but the marriotts i have been in lately have all been outstanding . just before i arrived in chicago , in fact , i was in toronto ' s eaton centre hotel , where i had a fantastic N-day stay . everything about the springfield suites was stellar the location could not be beat --it ' s not just close to the classic lou malnati ' s pizza but my favorite mexican restaurant in the country , frontera grill , is a block or so away . while the weather was pretty hot outside , i could always count on a clean , fresh , made-up and comfortable room . the breakfasts were awesome and you guys should hire me as a line waffle cook , since i was so adept at making them . the hot foods were good and everything was refilled and kept delicious . yes , there were many guests and it was hard sometimes to attend to everyone , but your staff was simply first class . they would come up and ask us how everything was . i liked that there was free and problem-free wireless internet access in the rooms . excellent . the coffee was plentiful and nice and bold . oh and i must mention a staff member named veronica who went far and beyond the level of service . veronica normally keeps up the breakfast room , along with the other staffers . i came downstairs around N am on thursday morning ( july N ) , just as the staff was cleaning up the breakfast room . i asked her if they had taken down the big ice water dispenser that is normally put out for breakfast . apparently they had . i had my empty water bottle with me and i had planned to simply fill it up as i prepared to tackle the hot downtown streets . veronica insisted on helping me . she took my bottle and disappeared into the back . it took her a little bit of time and honestly i didn ' t know where she had gone . in about N minutes she appeared with my bottle full of ice water . i ' ll repeat that again ice water . i have no idea she was able to get ice cubes into my bottle . it was just the thing i needed because that water was kept colder longer . she went out of her way with effervescence and enthusiasm ---she really wanted to exceed my expectations . as an ebullient representative of the springfield suites , i felt she made your hotel shine that day . i know it doesn ' t sound like much but she really deserved some mention . she needs to be singled out for her terrific care on that hot day . 
this was a wonderful hotel . i stayed at the palomar for N nights for a mini staycation . i booked a king spa room , getting a discounted rate because of my kimpton intouch membership . just prior to my stay , ashley from the palomar emailed me to ask if i had any special requests and if it was a special occasion . i informed her that i was celebrating my birthday , and also asked for a dvd player and early check-in . i was actually unable to check in much earlier , but only because the staff was trying very hard to get me a specific room and it wasn ' t ready when i got there . after i told them that i would take any room , as i had to be somewhere shortly , they quickly scrambled and checked me in to a different room . the dvd player was installed and the maintenance man helpfully explained how to run the machine . they also sent up a bottle of champagne for my birthday , which was a lovely touch . the room was very spacious . i gathered with four friends in the room before going out for dinner and there was plenty of space in the sitting area . wonderfully comfortable bed , and the room was very quiet , too ( a must for me ) . there were lots of kids and dogs in the hotel , and there is a lot of traffic outside , but i wasn ' t bothered by any of it ( fyi , i was on the Nth floor , so this may have helped with the noise of the traffic ) . also , i loved the blackout curtains - made it easier to sleep in in the morning . the deep soaking tub was awesome . the room also had a large , separate shower . the wine hour is very nice i believe this is done at all of the kimpton hotels . the workout room was very clean and well-equiped . there is also an indoor pool , but i didn ' t have time to try it out . the staff was very helpful . housekeeping was unobtrusive and thorough . i mentioned to ashley that i was thinking of trying yolk for brunch she told me to tell them that i was staying at the palomar because the hotel had preferred seating there - totally worked , we didn ' t have to wait at all to be seated . i read other reviews about the front desk area being chaotic , but i checked out on a monday and did not have any problems . i really liked the location of the hotel , too - close enough to lots of shopping ( another must for me ) but without being right in the middle of crazy michigan ave . also , there are lots of dining and bar options nearby . side note on parking i didn ' t park at the hotel , but used spothero . com to reserve a spot at the garage kitty-corner from the hotel . i bought N hours of parking for less than the cost of one day at the hotel ( it was my first time using this service so i wasn ' t sure what to expect , but everything went smoothly ) . my only teeny tiny quibble during the entire weekend was with the tv remote - it had no numbers and i could only scroll through the channels in one direction . but you ' re not supposed to waste your vacation watching tv , so it wasn ' t a big deal . i ' ve also stayed at the palomar in dc ( which is what prompted me to check out this hotel ) and had a great experience there , too . i ' ve become a big fan of the kimpton hotels . hoping to check in to another one for my next birthday , whether it ' s in chicago or elsewhere ! 
at Nam , after arriving late through ohare , and sitting in an hour of traffic , our " paid " hotel room at another facility was given away . we got in a taxi and passed the w . having stayed at w hotel ' s before and had great experiences , we stopped and were welcomed with open arms . our room was comfortable and staff exceptional . we always look forward to staying with w , and the chicago city center fulfilled all our expectations . 
from check-in to check-out , the service i received was great ! if you are lucky enough to get miss jacqueline or regina providing service at the front desk , you will be happy ! 
what a gorgeous elegant hotel . i felt like i was in one of the finer hotels in europe . my room was so spacious i could have held a dance in there . the bed was extremely comfortable and i slept fabulously . i had an issue with the internet connection and they sent a technician up right away and got it squared away . i loved that there was a starbucks in the lobby ! 
this place and the staff are amazing ! we arrived around noon , even though official check-in was N N , and the front desk let us know a room was ready for us right then ! ! beautiful river view --- great window seat built for N -- and the room was spacious and inviting . we spent the afternoon out and about in chicago , came back to our room around N and found a delightful treat in our room and the wine hour going on in the lobby . even had turn-down service and chocolates on our arrival back from dinner that night . best service ever ! ! would definitely stay there again - and again - and again ! 
i really have no complaints about the room in the historic section of the hotel which has been refurnished ( not sure when but it was in very nice shape ) . sound insulation ( especially , to adjacent room ) was pretty thin . . . fortunately , they eventually went to sleep . i thought just under N ( including tax ) for a small bottle of drinking water was excessive ( nice touch would be for them to leave a couple of small complimentary bottles when your base room rate was N before taxes ) . everything else was fine . 
i cannot say enough good things about my stay at the blackstone . . . was here on business in mid-october . . . absolutely everyone working there treated us so wonderfully . . . i had stayed at the palmer house back in march and the service didn ' t even begin to compare . . . if you have a choice , choose the blackstone . . . you ' ll be very impressed ! 
at N a night this is one of the worst hotels i have experienced . i booked a non-smoking , quiet room in july , but upon arrival in november was sent to a smoking room . when i complained , i was given a room overlooking a busy city street . my third move got me into the room i had requested . unfortunately , access to the room was from a blockhouse in the parking garage , not from the main lobby . things were no better as the week wore on elevators were extremely slow , no thermastat in room so a forced hot air system either broiled you to death or forced you to turn it off and freeze to death , sheets were as scratchy as sandpaper , and drains were sluggish . while security in the hotel was good , our cab was once smacked by a beer bottle as we drove south to the mccormack convention center . this certainly wan ' t the hotel ' s fault , but it certainly contributed to our overall dissatisfaction . this hotel should be downgraded to a motel N grade facility and re-priced accordingly . 
i had the fortune to spend the weekend in chicago and chose to stay at the courtyard by marriott chicago downtown magnificent mile . it ' s important to note that we were visiting the second city for the N bank of america chicago marathon , so the hotel was full and the city was packed with runners and spectators . my wife and i experienced tremendous customer service during the length of our stay at the hotel . the check-in process was seamless and the friendliness of the staff was evident in our very first interactions . the great service continued every step of the way during our stay -- from the front desk to the bellhop to the housekeepers . everyone we interacted with was happy to help and treated us very well . the location was incredible as well . we were in walking distance to major shopping on the magnificent mile ( N N block from the entrance to the hotel ) and hundreds of fine restaurants . we were also very close to public transportation and used it to access the different neighborhoods that make chicago such a great weekend destination . the only complaint i have in terms of amenities would be the starbucks located within the hotel . it was a very small location and was always jam packed . we attempted to grab coffee on two separate occasions , only to be ' turned away ' from the long line . instead , we opted to get our caffeine fix at the dunkin ' donuts located N yards from the hotel . on a more positive note , the free wireless internet was fast and easy to access ( a huge perk in our book ! ) . the room we stayed in was very large and included a king size bed and full sofa . it was very clean and had a very nice layout . the bathroom was also very large and clean . the room , however , is in need of updating renovation . the first addition i would suggest is a flat screen lcd tv . what did i like best ? friendly staff location free wireless internet what did i like least ? old school tv ( need an lcd with hd ) inaccessibility of the starbucks
location , location , location . i like being close to oak and rush streets . close to the boutiques , barneys , the lounges and restaurants on rush division . i statyed in a junior suite with my wife and two kids . the sofa bed was great , believe it or not . it had a down feather top , etc . kids loved it . the price was okay as i prefer the four seasons down the street , which is more . but with kids in tow , the sofitel seemed more kid friendly . of course , the sofitel is a notch down , but it ' s still nice . i would go back again . the service was okay , not fantastic . i had to call housekeeping to make up the sofa bed . while it was worth it , it did take a little while . the restaurant had an awesome butternut squash soup but my madagascar shrimp salad was just so-so . the shrimp was not fresh but the flavor was good . i avoided the shrimp after the first bite . the room was clean and new . bed was comfortable as mentioned in other posts . a very nice stay . i would suggest the hotel improve it ' s workout facility . it was cramped and not well ventilated . i expect more from a four star hotel . sadly for the kids , mo pool ! overall , we would go back again . price point below four seasons and location is just as good . cheers . 
my wife and i stayed N nights at the sax . this was my first stay in chicago . one of the nicest aspects was the proximity to the the el from o ' hare airport . the stop was just a N minute walk from the hotel . upon making an on-line reservation ( which originally was a double queen superior room ) , i requested to get a room that was far away from the elevator and would be high enough to be able see the chicago river . they said they would do what they could . when i arrived , i found that they had upgraded me to a deluxe room with a king on the Nth floor that had an absolutely great view ! i entered a room that was spotlessly clean with everything in perfect working order . the room was great an included one of the largest bathrooms i ' ve seen in hotel room . we found that the location of the hotel ( one block north of the river and a couple blocks west of the miracle mile ) was perfect . it was close to everything and we had a wonderful visit to chicago . my one , and only , criticism of this hotel is that getting my morning coffee was inconvenient . there is no in-room coffee maker though they do provide ( excellent ) coffee in the lobby . unfortunately , they stop providing coffee at N N am - which is tough for those who are on vacation . if they had kept the coffee going until N N , i would have had a perfect stay . i ' d give this hotel a solid N and N N stars ! 
great view , great location , no frills . my first trip to chicago and had a wonderful time . the hotel was clean and to the point- great room with awesome location- walking distance to anything worth seeing . prices were reasonable and staff was very friendly . i recommend renting some bicycles and riding through the city , the aquarium was average , definitely eat some pizza , and don ' t miss hot doug ' s ( best hotdogs ever ) , just a short walk from great shopping
we got a great deal of N per night through priceline . with this price , the hotel is great , even for double that price it would have been a good deal . the hotel itself is a little weird though , they only had the computer check-in machine when we checked in , so we did not actually talk to anyone about our room preference . we received a room on the Nth floor which had a giant spot light pointed directly at our window all night , the blinds blocked it out but it was not the best . also the house keeping people we obsessed with cleaning our room between N and Nam , after we went to the gym ( which was nice ) our bed was made and we hadn ' t even used the shower yet . also on other days , they waiting in the halls for people to get up . the location is good and we walked pretty much everywhere or took the train that was nearby . other complaints about the high price of internet and food there seem a bit funny . this is a business hotel and they expect that their customers will have their businesses paying for everything . the prices for these things are the same at most other business style hotels i have been to . just book it on priceline and use your savings to eat elsewhere , the corner bakery on michigan was pretty good for breakfasts . 
i was well received at the reception and allowed an early check in and a late check out , unusual of hotels . the room was spacious and had a panoramic view from Nnd floor . the breakfast is complimentary and serves variety of food . there is a wii besides the reception and can be used any of the guests . i use them during my free time at hotel . the location of the hotel is great and lot of good restraunt are nearby . the hotel has a well equiped gym and a nice swimming pool . i would recommend it to all business travellers . 
having just joined tripadvisor i am now catching up from all the hotels i have stayed at this year , both on business and pleasure . i was super shocked to see the sax chicago not in the top N , N , or even N hotels in chicago ! this hotel is seriously fabulous and definitely underrated on tripadvisor . i managed to get an amazing deal on expedia for this hotel and i had a great room with views to the river channel whatever its called . the room was spacious and the bed super comfortable . most importantly though , the located was second to none . i loved how u could sign your meals at nearby restaurants back to the hotel . very clever to increase the dining facilities offered to guests . i would N stay here next time i return to ord . 
we just returned from a trip to chicago and after staying in the swissotel have nothing but the best things to say about this hotel . we arrived at about N am and were told that the room wouldn ' t be available until about N pm which you could expect . the bell staff was happy to hold my bags till i returned . returning to the hotel about N pm i was then able to check into my room . to my surprise i had a great king bed room looking over lake michigan , the chicago river , and navy pier . it was a million dollar view . we found everything in the room to be fine . then headed to the Nth floor to use the pool whirlpool . once again the view was to die for . the pool and whirlpool were a great way to relax after spending the day shopping . didn ' t use the workout area , but looked like they had plenty of equipment for guest to use . after checking out on sunday we checked our bags so we could do some more walking and shopping . returning about N pm and found the fireplace located off the lobby a great place to warm up and relax having a cocktail . all i can say is that i found nothing but good things about this hotel and their employees . i will be staying here on my next trip back to chicago
trump has created in the trump int ' l hotel chicago what imho is the finest hotel in america in terms of overall experience and especially service , and one that can rival the greatest hotels in the world . over the course of the past thirty years of my business career , i have stayed in many of the top us hotels and many of the world ' s great hotels , from london ' s connaught , to geneva ' s hotel des bergues , to hk ' s mandarin and peninsula , and tokyo ' s seiyo ginza . the trump chicago is definitely in the same league as these great international hotels , yet it also retains a distinctly american flavor friendly service , modern design , and leading edge technology . from the moment you arrive , the service is impeccable and achieves the elusive ideal balance between professionalism and friendliness . the staff are efficient , attractive , well groomed , courteous , and extremely helpful . moreover you never , ever have the feeling that anyone is expecting any kind of a gratutity , which can be so offputting in certain american cities . here , you truly get the feeling that you are a valued guest and that whatever can be done to make you comfortable and happy is cheerfully offered . from the reception staff to the room staff to the restaurant and spa staff , everyone did a superlative job . our room was magnificent N square feet with a superb view of the lake , a fully equipped kitchen area ( including nespresso coffee machine ) an enormous and delightfully comfortable bed , and a very complete and efficient bathroom . the design was modern , but not oppressively so . the high ceilings reinforced the feeling of space . the electrically controlled drapes opened onto magnificent floor to ceiling windows , the soaking tub in the bathroom allowed for a bit of indulgence . this was truly one of the best rooms i have experienced in N years . . . the location was ideal for anyone having business in the downtown loop area and there were always taxis a doorman ' s whistle away , despite a busy convention ( which had the hotel N full ) as well as regular summer thundershowers . as for food and wine , we spent our first evening at rebar , having quickly changed after an arrival from the west coast , and found the cocktails to be delicious , the sushi sashimi remarkably good , and the ambiance lively and young . we were in fact surprised when the lights were raised shortly before Nam to indicate that closing time was approaching . we had been having such fun that time truly flew by . we did not dine at the in-house restaurant so i can not comment on that . the exercise facilities were state of the art , in pristine condition , had spectacular views and contained everything one could possibly want . we did not use the spa facilities so this is something else i can not comment on . in summary a truly outstanding experience . i would definitely stay there on my next trip to chicago . and while this hotel clearly charges five star prices , they unquestionnably deliver five star service so even if one was not travelling on business , i can think of no better place to treat oneself to real luxury . and i left thinking what a pleasure it was to see an american hotel earning a place among the unique establishments of the world . bravo mr trump and congratulations to your team ! 
i stayed at the palomar on a recent business trip to chicago . first off , the staff was extremely helpful - from the concierge to the front desk . they had suggestions on where to eat , gave me precise directions to find places on foot ( and provided a map ) , and stored my luggage after checkout until my meeting was done . the staff deserves a big pat on the back ! the room itself was very spacious - i received a corner room , which afforded me two floor to ceiling window views of downtown chicago . the room was spacious and impeccably clean . the tv was a large flat screen with an abundance of channels ( which was much appreciated ) . the bathroom was standard for a high class hotel . the only thing i did not like about the room , was that the vanity was too high . i couldn ' t really get ready in the mirror ( i ' m N ' N " ) because of this . luckily there was a mirror outside the bathroom door , which was great ! i ordered room service and they delivered it on time , and it was a delicious breakfast . i would definitely stay at this hotel again when visiting chicago . 
returned to this hotel recently for another weekend getaway to chicago . in the N years that i have been staying here can say that the experience remains above-average . whilst my style of hotel would run more towards that of the peninsula , i prefer the feeling of being at this hotel . -rooms continue to be well-maintained super clean , beds extremely comfortable , ample toiletries . i have generally stayed in suites here but arranged a room for my brother that he indicated was extremely comfortable . -service always great polite , friendly and helpful staff are the general rule here . -sofitel bar one of the best hotel bars you will find in chicago great vibe , great service , outstanding meeting place . major plus for this hotel . because my objectives in chicago are only N-night weekend getaways perhaps i do not seek as much from a hotel than others on this site but i cannot recall anything negative about this hotel . highly recommend . 
i am sad to report that the intercontinental chicago was a waste of money and my priority club points . i expected so much more from a high end property and received so little . as a priority club platinum ( N weeks year in priority club properties ) i had some basic expectations such as express check in , friendly staff , a bathroom bigger than N ' x N ' , clean rooms . at check in i had the huffy clerk who complained that she had to merge my record because i was using points and paying for my stay . she never looked me in the eye and made no attempt to be friendly . it went downhill from there . i noticed on several posts that some reviewers recommend getting the ambassadors club membership , but i would not pay a dime for that ! i have spent over N , N on hotel stays this year so far and should not have to pay a single cent more to get some decent treatment and a decent room . please heed the warnings of your fellow travelers and do not stay here . i am from chicago and believe me there are better properties where you will get what you pay for . 
because of some long work hours and a big project over two days i wanted to stay downtown so there would be less commuting . thanks to priceline , i got a rate of N . N a night at the hyatt regency . anytime a discount broker involved , i worry about what i ' m going to get for that rate but i was more than pleasantly surprised this time . the staff was friendly and accommodating , giving me a higher floor room at my request and letting me know that because i had used my airline credit card with them i would be able to get N miles on my account . my room was clean and overlooking the river with a great view of the downtown skyline . best parts of the room were the comfortable bed , view and roomy bathroom with a huge lighted mirror . only quirks i felt detracted slightly from the experience was a odd rumbling sound that i believe was due to the elevator bank ( mine was the second room to the right of them ) and a some signs of age with the furniture like scratches and gouges and a oddly mismatched looking hallway carpet . overall , would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone . 
