i have stayed at this property several times , the hotel is located in south chicago area , at the convention center . staff was friendly . i asked for , and was given a room with a city view , up high . the room i had was handicap-able , so i think it was a bit different the the rest . the elevators were fast and efficient , the property was clean . N computers are offered in the lobby to print airline documents . the internet in rooms was slow , but useful . not certain if i will be charged for it or not ? my only negative is that there are no in room safes . i called and was told that i could keep my valuables in the safe behind the front desk ? ? odd for a hotel ? ? who wants to wait in a lines to access cash , or personal property ? the red line subway is about a N block walk , safe by day . check out the shark chicken fish takeout restaurant close by , great catfish ! ! 
it ' s conveniently located right next to one of the theaters that ' s playing wicked . so the eccentrically decorated room i had was a bit smaller than it appeared on the hotel site ' s photos . my room did not have a great view , it ' s facing other tall buildings , but it was quiet . it does have modern amenitiy like the flat screen tv , very comfortable bed , toiletries from aveda , and an alarm clock radio that you can hook up your ipod to . the downside is i had trouble finding an outlet to plug my laptop and charge my phone . the closet is very small . this hotel has been around for a while even with it ' s modern amenities , but for some reason i just got the creeps especially when someone told me the hotel was part of the haunted tour . . i didn ' t see anything unusual . overall , it ' s not too shabby . 
every moment of our stay here was wonderful . . . . the staff is very welcoming and helpful , the hotel in every detail is beautiful . . . we loved our stay here ! they have a complimentary driver who will take you anywhere in the city you would like to go , which is a real treat ! the rooms that we had adjoined and were very spacious ( one had a fireplace ) and the bathrooms were gorgeous no detail has been overlooked ! we also used the workout area which is also very well done with great equipment . thank you , elysian for coming to chicago and giving us a world class place to stay . . . we will definately come back . 
this hotel is not really my style . it is very contemporary , but the beds are so very comfortable . . . . so that ' s great . the " living room " about blew my teen kids away . they think that it ' s the bomb . what i have loved so far . . . . . chris the guy out front who helped us bring up our bags . he ' s awesome and friendly . . . . made friends with my son and even called us to tell my son that they were filming the new batman downstairs and that he should come down and watch the filming . that was cool . we got to see " gotham " police dept . cars on the street . apparently , they ' ll be filming all night . i also forgot my computer power cable and jeff , the concierge , called around and helped me find one . that was a godsend . i ' m working on my master ' s thesis and really would have been in bad shape without it . all in all , this is not a great shopping destination hotel , but we ' re easy walking distance to lollapalooza and thus the art museum and theatre district . very comfortable . very nice . p . s . thanks w staff . you ' ve made this a nice experience . 
so many positive reviews of this hotel from people who have never before contributed to tripadvisor ? you can t help but wonder if they re written by never-stay college students for N a pop . so is the elysian that good ? frankly , after our may stay , i would travel back to chicago from australia just to revisit this hotel . we still reminisce about our N night stay at the elysian - a nostalgic conversation prompted this review . fantastic location . despite the rigorous no-tipping policy , the service is extraordinary consistently uber-friendly , helpful and efficient . door staff offer umbrellas at the suggestion of rain , jump to provide the free hotel town car service whenever possible . restaurant staff , noting the presence of a noisy group of diners , quickly offer a table in a quiet corner . the spa delivered the best pedicure of my life . gym staff offer evian water as you rack up your treadmill miles . our premier gold coast suite was subtle and gorgeous , with excellent flat screen tvs , cosy fire-place , fabulous wardrobe space and gi-normous marble bathroom only suggestion for improvement would be outdoor furniture on the terrace . housekeeping was perfect , the bathroom always squeaky clean . great free wi-fi . room service menu was a bit minimalist for my taste . after a delectable mexican dinner at salpicon and hilarity at second city , we stopped by the hotel bar for a night-cap . snug , elegant , romantically dim , with generous yet non-intrusive service we enjoyed excellent cocktails at bernard s bar . ( the next day i unsuccessfully tried to discover the ingredients of mine on the internet i think it contained lavender ? ) absolutely recommend this hotel ! 
i made my reservation at the whitehall hotel on expedia . com . when i arrived , cecelia at the front desk informed me that they had not received any notice of the reservation from expedia . i placed a call and the representative at expedia kept me waiting nearly an hour before he was able to determine that an error in their computer system was causing the e-faxed reservation confirmations to not be sent properly to hotels . cecelia was very patient and helpful . she also upgraded us to a beautiful suite even though the hotel was not at fault . she is a wonderful example of what hospitality really means and i will definitely be returning to the whitehall . 
my fiancee and i booked a room at the knickerbocker and just returned . we had room N , which had a king size bed and a partial view of the beach . this hotel is not as bad as people on this website say it is . i was concerned after reading some reviews , but when we arrived i realized that some people are just way too picky . i didn ' t feel the hotel was " disgusting " as some other reviewers thought . here are some highlights room - the room was decent sized and had a very comfortable king size bed . the decorations are a little weird , but i feel like it adds to the character of this hotel . the bathroom is small , but for one person at a time it is fine . the shower worked really nice and the soaps and shampoos included were good quality . considering how old the hotel is , i feel the rooms are in very good condition . lobby - the lobby is large with a really nice bar attached . the drinks were pricey though at about N for a rum and coke . we didn ' t go to the hotel restaurant , but it looked like it is very reasonably priced . staff - the front desk staff , concierge , and bell hops were all very friendly and accommodating . the concierge even helped us find the address for a bar we were looking for . we had no problems at all . location - absolutely perfect . less than one block from michigan avenue and the hancock building and only about two blocks from water tower place . it is close to the beach too . also , tons of restaurants were within walking distance , including ditka ' s . parking - we parked directly across the street at the parking garage right next to the drake . they charged N per day , but it ' s better than the N per day that the hotel charges . overall , we had a great stay at the knickerbocker and we would stay there again . 
at about N night for N people ( breakfast included ) , this was undeniably an excellent deal . the location is prime , and the room was well-designed and comfortably held our entire family . the free cocktail each evening was nice the nibbles were decent ( an unfortunate sea of styrofoam cups , however ) . however , the much vaunted " cooked to order breakfast " was a chaotic , unpleasant ordeal each morning . we felt like cattle waiting to be served at the trough . there was insufficient seating , and the entire environment reeked of make-shift disposable ( ugly folding tables chairs , ugly plastic trays , and again a miserable waste of styrofoam cups ) . dread of the breakfast pandemonium would cause hesitation in whether to stay at this hotel again . it is a shame , as so much of the hotel has good things to offer . 
unless you don ' t care about service , it is non-existent behind the front desk . i was staying at the hotel felix with my wife and N kids . " can i have adjoining rooms ? " " no sir they are all accounted for . " " ok , can i have a room w two double beds that are near my room ? " " no sir , they are all accounted for . " " i am traveling with N kids , what would you like me to do ? " no reply . all rooms that were left for us were one queen bed and no adjoining rooms . meanwhile it was N pm and this was a very early check in . at this point we decided we could not stay and sat on the couch to discuss our next move . after another few minutes a woman who was also behind the front desk walked over to us and whispered , " i got you a king bed in one room and a queen in another and they are adjoining " " wonderful , we will take it ! ! " the rooms were very clean and small , but that is to be expected in a boutique hotel . when we put the air conditioning on in one of the rooms it made a noise so loud that we couldn ' t hear our tv in the second room . we called down and a maintenance man was sent up . he said the problem was the condenser and there was not much he could do . he spent about N minutes in our room but could not fix it . he left and said he would be back in a few minutes . he came back and said that he could try to reset the unti . he spent another N N hour with us and reset the unit to no avail . " sorry , nothing we can do , but we could switch your room " obviously not , it took long enough to get adjoining rooms . " so the unit cannot be fixed ? " " nope , but i can give you a free movie " great , i have an air conditioner that is so loud that i can ' t hear the tv and for that inconvenience i can have a free movie that i won ' t be able to hear . great ! so my child decides to watch avatar . he blasts the tv in his room and then it is time to go to dinner so he needs to pause the tv . we go to dinner and then come back to the room and he tries to watch his movie again . cannot find it anywhere to resume play . so , the hotel sends up the same maintenance guy . he spends another N N hour with us to try to resume the movie . he cant figure it out . " you will just have to order it again " " ok , will that be complimentary ? " " no , you will have to pay for that " thats all i got . had a fantastic weekend in chicago . stay there all the time . have never had such poor service , which is very surprising giving the amount of competition that exists . 
i loved this hotel . i first stayed in hotel indigo in atlanta , ga , and loved it so i figured i ' d give it another shot . this one did not disappoint . the location is a bit far from downtown , but you ' re right by the l , so it ' s really not bad . the beds are amazingly comfortable , the decor is bright and fresh , the rooms are fairly spacious ( although a small bathroom ) . the service was ok . they were not rude at all , but no overly nice either . i would definitely stay in this hotel again if i were headed back to chicago . ) 
we stayed here for the following reasons N . free chicago parking N . free shuttle to train station at midway N . points per night were N , N on starwood the employees were extremely friendly and cooperative , the shuttle drivers and front desk bent over backwards to give you anything you needed . my basic complaint with the property is that it needs a good makeover . double beds in two bedded rooms are too small for this man and his wife , " we got little or no sleep " . not that we shouldn ' t lose at least N pounds between the two of us , but i do prefer queen beds in two bedded rooms . the room itself was tidy , but needed updating . certainly nothing to keep me away from it . the hvac system was noisy and did not keep the temperature very steady , we spent the night either too hot or too cold -- very little sleep for either of us . the tv didn ' t work most of the time we were there , we would have moved rooms but weren ' t in the room enough to bother with that . two free computers and printers in the lobby to use for guests were very convenient . parking is free here , so we were able to leave our car and use public transportation to get around town at N for a two day transit pass . shuttle service was near immediate every time we needed it . they gave us a number to call when we were approaching the train station to let them know you needed picked up . 
we stayed N nights and were extremely pleased with the accommodations and service we received . we were able to check in N Nam which was a relief ( reg checkin was Npm ) . rooms were fantastic and we were given a great view of the city overlooking the riverwalk . fitness center is great also . one disappointment no pool jacuzzi . 
absolutely awesome hotel ! i had the pleasure at staying at this hotel on short notice . the staff , specifically ms . jackie , and ms . regina provided great service . i flew in from washington , d . c . and my family failed to find a place for me to stay . cslh found a way to help me at the most difficult time . once i got to my room , everything was well laid out , the room was very clean , and you the climate , as well as the freshness of the room was very nice . the attitude of every member of the staff was very friendly and professional . i will certainly comeback to this hotel ! ! you cant beat the price ! this is where you want to sleep tonight . . . trust me ! 
the front desk agents are incredibly helpful , courteous , knowledgeable and truly love what they do . if you get the pleasure to stay here - i would ask for matt by name . he was so helpful to me . he gave me the inside scoop of millennium park and the surrounding area . speaking of the area - it is right on the chicago river , just a nice stroll down ( literally ) to michigan avenue . in between millennium park and the wrigley building . 
very nice hotel , but the bed was pretty hard . large bathroom , big room , huge closet and okey location . . shopping on michigan avenue was walkable . i was there aug , N-N , N and the weather was pleasant enough to walk the magnificent mile . the carpeting on the Nst floor could use some cleaning though . weekend breakfast buffet was N . i ended up having a croissant and coffee in the lobby which was excellent and only N . ordered room service the day i arrived and the pizza was awful . since i was starving and the cost was N , i ate it anyway . staff was very friendly . when i did go to the gift shop , it was closed and the sign said the employee would return in N minutes . . i never went back . overall , this was an okey hotel . i do admit though , it did not meet the expectations of what i have frequently read about fairmont hotels . 
we just returned from a four night stay at the the seneca . i booked this trip through a travelzoo promotion ( N night for deluxe suite ) before i read any trip advisor reviews . since it was a non-refundable rate , there was no turning back . the exterior and interior of the hotel are full of charm and the staff is very polite and helpful . though the elevators are small , they exude the character of the period and were always available when called . we arrived way before check-in and our luggage was safely stored and the hotel staff advised us of the best way to get to our desired locations . our luggage was promptly delivered to our Nth floor room with a hotel provided baby bed upon check-in . the room was a deluxe suite which included a bedroom , bathroom , two walk-in closets , living room , dining area with table for four and full-size kitchen with everything you need if you want to cook . the space was just right for our family of five with the exception of the bathroom . it was very small . the overall decor was extremely dated but everything was clean . the two closets are a waste however , one was so large that it served as bedroom for the baby . there were no black-out curtains in either room , so we were up with the sun . our floor had a very clean , coin operated washer and dryer which ended up coming in handy after a couple of baby accidents . there is a small but efficient gym on the top floor with about N machines and free weights . everyday i was in there , it was being cleaned . there were always fresh towels to use and a full water cooler as well as a flat screen tv . also on the top floor is a beautiful and underused roof deck . i don ' t know if you can see the navy pier fireworks from there but it is worth trying . if i were to travel to chicago again with my family , i would definitely stay here again . the location was perfect , the price was right and we had plenty of space in our room . if i were to go with just my husband , i would probably stay somewhere a little more luxurious . all in all , this was a budget and family friendly hotel . 
had booked the room earlier in the year requesting early check-in . arrived , told room wasn ' t ready . my daughter had to change in the bathroom to attend conference . upon return to the hotel later in the afternoon , the room we were given was double booked . had to wait while they moved that gentleman out and recleaned the room . staff is indifferent . for the price charged for the room , the hotel is quite plain , the inconvenience - never stay here again . willing to pay more for a nicer , more friendly place
we stayed at the hotel allegro when we recently visited chicago to see the musical , wicked . the trendy boutique hotel had been recommended by several friends , and it was miles from ordinary but steps from everything . allegro is located in the theater area and near one of the el stations it was only a block and a half to traverse before making it to the property . friendly bellmen escorted us in , and we ascended the staircase to the second level to check in ( we discovered the nearby elevator later ) . the lobby reminded us of a contemporary mod Ns motif with red velvet couches , oversized midnight blue chairs and modern light fixtures . dark wood covered the walls and was paired with a large , checkerboard carpet in brown and cream . the front desk staff was welcoming , explaining the business center , fitness area that i truly thought we would use and the surrounding areas . this lobby also serves as the locale where free unlimited wine flows during the wine hour , each evening from N-N p . m . the concierge is also located on this floor . visiting hotel allegro marked one of the few times that i have used hotel hair products . all aveda products were available and the small bathroom had a deep bathtub and marble countertops . the hotel itself is updated from an older building , so the rooms are not large according to today s standards . we had enough space , and the rooms were carefully decorated in chocolate and salmon with accents of gold and light green . in an armoire , the expansive mini bar was stocked with a small refrigerator and dry goods area contained anything from red bull to snacks and even hangover remedies . a cd player was available as well . the closet housed an iron and ironing board , but by no means was this closet large , even to the smallest of munchkinlanders . the encore liquid lounge had a groovy feel with upbeat tempos . we appreciated the wicked-themed martinis such as the lollypop kid , making for an even better night of theater . people from all walks ( literally there was a race that weekend ) stopped in for drinks before or after the theater , on the way to dinner or as a nightcap . the bartenders were extremely attentive , even on the busiest nights . food may also be purchased . N chicago is the adjacent , on-site restaurant serving breakfast , lunch and dinner . allegro s amenities stretched from leopard print robes delivered on request to a complimentary yoga basket to use while watching the yoga station on television . we saw plenty of pets during our stay . allegro s pet friendly policy is actually a good one - there is no weight limit and furry creatures can even book their own happy tails hotel package . our only complaint was not even the hotel s fault . a gaggle of teenagers stayed on our floor for a bat mitzvah and did not sleep much during the night , which meant that we had the privilege of enjoying their noise . the walls are definitely thin , although our room on the sixth floor overlooking the el did not have any street noise . the convenient location did prove to be in the middle of everything , even a parade . as we were in chicago during memorial day weekend , the parade was gearing up just as we were leaving our hotel and we were able to enjoy it before moving on to nearby shopping on state street and michigan avenue . we walked to both areas , but michigan avenue might merit a cab ride home , depending on the amount of shopping completed . also nearby is the new millennium park , grant park , the art institute , tons of dining and more . we would definitely go back . it was the perfect complement to a weekend of culture in chicago . 
i stayed here in december of N for a convention at mccormick place . location couldn ' t have been better , never had to walk outside to get to the conference . the room was nice , with a nice view of the lake ( i was on the Nth floor , not facing the city ) . overall , the room was clean , but there were minor things that would have made it better - what appeared to be a coffee stain in the carpet , some mior touchup in the paint in the bathroom . also , the heating was finicky , although it worked fine overall ( blew cool air when it reached temperature instead of shutting off at times ) . the iron looked hardly used , but could have used replacement . the restaurants on site were pretty good , especially liked shor . they a resort-priced , but right on target for what i ' ve seen in chicago price-wise . there is a metra station right next to the hotel , and the N cta train runs right in front ot the hyatt to michigan avenue , so although the location isn ' t necessarily in the heart of downtown , it ' s very accessible with public transportation . the service at the hotel was very good . every staff member i had dealings with treated me very well , and made me feel welcome . i absolutely will stay he again when i return next year . on a final note , the bed at this hotel was among the most comforatble i have ever slept in , including my own bed at home . i highly recommend this place . 
palomar ' s location on state street near illinois is central to all of chicago ' s best . staff here treats you royally from check-in to check-out . our room wasspotless and oversized and the hotel has a rooftop lap pool and state of the art fitness center . an evening social of wine along with delicious flatbreads is served from N to N in a beautiful street level room with horizontal fireplace and cozy chairs and decorative allure . morning coffee and tea is available early each day . one thing i might suggest is a complimentary breakfast along with the coffee since this area is a gathering place and a light bite along with morning coffee would be most appreciated . on anothewr note , palomar ' s restaurant sable has a fine dining reputation whcih we will be sure to check out at our next stay . 
this was our first time at this residence inn and our weekend stay was great . we know the area well . we love all the action in the river north section of town . the room was large with a bedroom , sitting room and kitchen . it was super clean with all the amenities . we had five people in the sitting room for a visit and we could have held N more . the price was very reasonable ( even though chicago rates are getting pretty high ) . a great quality to price ratio . the staff was extremely friendly and helpful without getting " in your face " . we ' ll definitely be back . 
having stayed in a few kimpton hotels , we decided to try the new palomar in chicago for a family weekend . the location is great , a few blocks from michigan ave . , walking distance to theaters and wonderful restaurants . the staff was very friendly and didn ' t not ignore the kids as is the case at many " hip boutique " hotels . they were given goody bags , with colored pencils , yoyos etc . everything needed to keep a " bored " kid busy while waiting for dinner , the yoyos were in constant use on our walks around the city . the room was a true one bedroom suite with ample couch room for the two kids . the bathroom was glorious , one of the largest bathtubs i have ever seen ! as for the restaurant and bar , the bar has one of the best cocktail menus , more of a book , i have ever seen . defining hand crafted . the only meal we eat at the hotel was a breakfast , which was good , but the service was very slow , possibly due to the fact that is was sunday morning at opening time . we would highly recommend this kimpton property , it is now our first choice for weekend getaways in chicago . 
it was not a bad hotel , but i will not ever stay again . i believed the other reviews , and took a chance . though people may have mentioned some good things , there were so many small things that were not good , they all added up . they list a dvd player in each room . when we were put on hold about the missing player , the recording they play as you wait , boasted about the dvd players in each room . we were told the owners got rid of them . they also got rid of the coffee pots ! there are no raised floor bottoms on the shower , so an extra drain is in front of the toilet , for the water . water flows freely all over the bathroom floor under the shower curtain . the tv was on the far right of the room , though the N beds are in the middle . tv was in a little cubby area , not good for viewing . the fridge was so small , it only has enough room for the mini-bar items . if you want to use it , you have to remove all the pay stuff , and have the bar items take up nearly all of the limited counter space . elevators barely held N people and our luggage . no joke . N person max , and no room for luggage with N ! hot elevator temp . smallest lobby i have ever seen . about the size of my great room and kitchen . the main lobby being a great room , and the coffee area like my kitchen . . air conditioning in the lobby and halls were none , or limited . concierge never answered my emails sent N days before my trip . location was good , but there are better at this price . rooms were clean , bedding was great . robes were shown in photos . no robes . no vending machines of any kind . lobby offers free coffee and water . ice only on every other floor . staff was friendly . we had to change rooms . Nst room had a garbage dumpster outside our window , and was old , odd shaped , and poorly arranged . . second room had a nicer view , and was newer . Nnd room also had better tv placement . tvs were flat screen , hd . the channels however , were not hd , so we had to adjust the screen width so we did not have to watch everything stretched . all rooms are not equal . old room had a huge bathroom , huge like a locker room . very odd . . nicer Nnd room had a tiny tiny bathroom , but it did have a ledge to stop the water . it only had a shower door though . . no soap dish in the showers . no hook or ring for a hand towel . no cup in the bathroom . both bathrooms had an odd placement for the bath towels . right above the toilet paper . unless you folded your towels in , they covered the toilet paper . carpet was like kitchen carpet , flat and a little stained , though clean . N rocks glasses at the bar , but no cup to brush your teeth . bathroom scale and remote both needed new batteries . maids were quiet and courteous . other guests were also quiet and courteous . one thing i will list as a deal breaker though , was the air conditioning . in both of our rooms , the air was a dial thermostat . ( a dial like an . am radio ) the air in both rooms was set at N degrees . this is the lowest setting . my guess was it was around N to N degrees in the room , with no way to go lower . not horribly hot , but never refreshingly cool by any measure . they claimed the Nnd room had updated or recently cleaned air vents , filters , etc . . but it was the same . there is no reason whatsoever to choose this hotel over any other . i hope my words have a ring of truth , as i tried to mention good as well as not so good . not bad , just not good . the N dollar a day internet is really too much . many chicago hotels are free internet , and the ones who charge range from N-N dollars . also , you have to get a code every N hours for the internet . we take a trip to chicago every year , for the past N or N yrs . different hotel every time . this is my Nst review of any chicago downtown hotel . i d never been disappointed before . we ve never stayed at the hyatt , or hilton . we always stay at mid-priced chains . our Nst so-called boutique , and our last . 
for me , this is the best location in chicago . you are on state street with a view of the river and can walk within a few minutes to the theater district or michigan ave for some shopping . the service at this hotel is what you would expect for the price - first rate . the rooms are comfortable , nicely decorated , and most offer a good view . from our room we could see the river , the chicago theatre , and the wrigley building . this hotel is pricey , but worth it . on our stay , we were on the Nth floor and had only two problems . first , there were some guests who were a bit loud in the hallway . i called the front desk and security came to quiet them immediately ( both times ) . the hotel can ' t keep guests from being a bit loud while enjoying themselves , but they did all they could to keep them quiet after receiving complaints , so i appreciated that . the second problem was that there were a lot of sirens in the city and we could hear them from our room . i ' ve stayed in chicago many times and have experienced the same problem at all hotels , so there isn ' t anything that can be done about that . just ask for a room as high up as you can get , but even the top floor won ' t keep you from hearing sirens . parking is steep , but there are plenty of self-park garages nearby , so choose one of those to save a few dollars , if you are interested . 
great location , great service , great rooms ! i would definitely stay here again . 
i ' m a chicago native ( tho ' moved away in ' N ) and went " home " for a weekend with my husband to visit friends . this hotel was perfect . the location was great . . . basically dearborn and division . we took the cta for N each from midway airport to the hotel . went smoothly except for a few flights of stairs with luggage . if you ' re a bit adventurous , the cta ' s definitely a value ! the hotel ' s style reminded me of an upscale hotel that you ' d find in a european city . . . rooms are small , but the decorating was " edgy " in a very cool way . granite counter tops in the bathrooms , pergo flooring in the room with an area rug , one wall was covered with huge blueberry wallpaper . ( yes , like someone took a photo of a basket of just-washed blueberries , and blew it up into a wall-sized photograph ! ) linens and bedding were pristine . room was very clean . only drawback was that room was located directly across from the elevator and we could hear folks chattin ' while waiting and the " ding " when the elevator arrived . staff was friendly and helpful , phone system was easy to use ( voice mail wake up calls ) . we did not eat there . ( hotel has a limited breakfast menu , but what they had looked appetizing and the seating area looked clean and , again , had that cool decorating thing goin ' on . ) had breakfast a few doors down at Nrd coast cafe--also highly recommend the selection there is more of a bacon eggs , bigger breakfast type thing . " mother ' s " ( a fairly well-known bar ) was around the corner . lots of fun . . . sang ' til N Nam with the rest of the folks at the bar . crowd was about N years younger than we were , but they didn ' t seemed bothered by us old folks ( we ' re in our forties ) . the wait staff there was pleasant , even at that hour , and since mother ' s had only popcorn to eat , our waitress suggested we run across the street , pick up a pizza and bring it back in ! we had a ball . . . 
my wife and i needed a hotel downtown to stay at while we celebrated our N year anniversary . we stayed downtown on our wedding night , so we wanted to stay downtown again . but it was the week of a huge music festival and prices were skyhigh . so we searched and found a great price online for the whitehall . we knew nothing about it , but looked it up on tripadvisor ( as we always do ) . many people had good , and some bad things to say about the hotel . . . but our experience was all good . first , great location . blocks away from the hancock building , shopping , great food . . . and everything is in walking distance . second , the hotel is classically beautiful and clean . finally , they treated us well . we had a problem with our air conditioner , they fixed it quickly . when they found out it was our anniversary , they upgraded us . we were thrilled with our whole experience and would recomend it highly . 
i always enjoy staying at this hotel in the heart of chicago ' s magnificent mile for business . i have stayed here a few times and just have to write to say i hate that small bathroom ! the door is in the way and the tissue ( this time around ) was not a hook , just placed on the bathroom lid ! mind you , that is probably not the best place for it . otherwise , the hotel was fine . 
our son ' s entry into the chicago marathon presented the opportunity for a short visit to chicago . a four day reservation was arranged cheerfully and without difficulty . our arrival through o ' hare international two days prior to the marathon gave adequate time to settle-in and to gain a perspective on hotel facilities and navigation around the city . catching the train from o ' hare delivered us within three blocks from our hotel . the hotel proved to be an ideal location as a launch pad for touring the city and for short foot-bound excursions to many nearby attractions . the hotel is within blocks of ground transportation and was a short distance to many critical waypoints along the marathon route . when coming " home " to the hotel we always received a friendly and courteous greeting from the hotel staff . room service was equally cordial and helpful . the rooms were spacious and sparkling clean . the hotel ' s breakfast buffets were great as were the extended facilities . we would recommend this hotel to family and friends and will return at our earliest convenience . 
we made our reservation using priceline name your price and save N . N off the expedia rate . the hotel is very convenient to the attractions we wanted to see . it sits right on the chicago river and if you get a room on the north end of the west tower you will have a great view of the chicago river and lake michigan . houllihan ' s restaurant is one block to the west and has a great breakfast bar that is considerably less than the hotel restaurant . the staff are friendly , the room was quiet , the bed was great and we slept well . buy your own water from the N-eleven store N blocks west . the bottled water in the room is very expensive . don ' t open the refrigerator unless you want to be charged for using it . 
my wife and i stayed here for one night and also used the spa services . i got a deep tissue massage which was awesome , my wife got a facial . the place was very clean and the staff was pleasant and accommodating . the hotel itself is very hip , it has a real club feel . the first floor bar and second floor lobby have a good layout , great decoration and in the evening they are comfortably crowded with a nice atmosphere . the rooms are unique but very comfortable . great view out the floor to ceiling window and you can tell that everything is new . quick note on the shower it shares a wall glass window with the room . the glass is covered with a curtain , but if you want to you can open the curtain from the room to have a full view of the shower in use . pretty fun . overall , this place is awesome and a great place for chicago . 
just stayed here again for vacation . another great stay . the room was a great size . love having a coffee maker , microwave refrigerator in the room , with trader joe ' s next door this can save you lots . the staff was always pleasant and very helpful . it is a great location just one block off the magnificent mile . will always stay here for pleasure or business when in town . just great location and value for the cost . 
i stayed at the fairmont in august N . it ' s a bit far away to write this review but i thought i would drop a line since i had a great experience . we booked through expedia . ca . i had written a comment to ask if we could get an upgrade since this is a special trip . i went with my aunt who had never travelled outside of toronto since she moved from hk N years ago and it was her first time taking the plane and visiting the us . the hotel gave us a big suite with N separate beds and we had a beautiful view . we stayed here for N nights and the service is fantastic . we forgot our slippers and called room service late at night and they came very quickly . the rooms are what you see on the website ' s pictures . and the hotel is very generous with the toiletries like shower cap , soap , shampoo , conditioner , shoe mit . if you need toothpaste , they will also bring it up . only downside is it ' s a bit of a walk to magnificent mile - a good N minutes . it ' s windy and very sunny so be sure to bring a scarf a light jacket at night . but it ' s close to the millenium park and the bean . there ' s a grocery store close to the hotel so we grabbed some snacks there . we also walked almost everywhere but took a cab to a nice restaurant further away . i highly recommend this hotel , the staff at the front desk are nice , accommodating and there ' s no attitude or snottiness . i booked early so i think you should do that if you want to secure a good price . we had a room on a high floor and never heard any noise from the the rooms next door . we didn ' t eat at the hotel restaurants and preferred venturing to cafes on magnificent mile and other streets in that area . 
stayed N nights in april . our room was very nice and newly renovated . six lifts so no long wait , you had to have a room key to use the lift after N . Npm . very large hotel so staff appeared not to be aware what was going on expect in there own area , front desk staff could not tell me opening hours for the bars or restaurants . as it is such a big hotel it has no atmosphere . booked this hotel on hotwire so got a bit of value would have been disappointed if i had paid full price . 
first time in chicago . . . stuck with one of our favourite hilton chains and we were not disappointed . very well priced . great location . walking distance to the theatre we were attending . close to three transit lines and a couple stops to shopping during the day and blues clubs at night . the rooms were well decorated , laid out and quite comfortable . what we have come to expect from a hampton . 
we just got home from a weekend at the palmer house-what a wonderful experience ! not only was it a beautiful hotel but everyone was so accomodating and friendly ! ! i will definetly stay there again ! ! 
stayed here for N nights . good location , near to the mag . mile . very large hotel with typical service ( both good and bad ) that you would expect . long wait for check-in - the three people on the desk kept disappearing for long periods behind a screen ! lady on the concierge was not very friendly ( as i see others have noted ) , and looked surprised that i wanted to know how to get to the art institute . worst thing was the sound insulation in the rooms . i had two connecting doors , and could hear everything from next door -conversations , toilet , television - well , i mean everything ! had to sleep with ear plugs in ! when will hotels learn that , if they have rooms with connecting doors , these should at least be insulated properly when not in use eg with padding or a sound-proof cover . i paid almost N per night , but it was like staying in a N star motel . no chance to move room as the hotel was completely full . apart from that it was ok - but the maid did keep knocking on the door , despite the fact that i had a do not disturb card on the door ! also , the soap in the shower gave me a rash ! i think there are better hotels in chicago for these prices . 
the raffaello is in a great location for spending a few days in chicago shopping and sightseeing . we self-parked our car at the garage across the street for N per day and left it there the entire time . great shopping and restaurants all within walking distance . the hotel itself is in a fairly quiet location . we had a double room which was pretty spacious for a downtown hotel . the beds were very comfortable and the room and bathroom were very clean . the front desk staff was not very friendly , but the bell captains were always polite and helpful . we booked a N-night special through the hotel website for N per night which i would say was a great value for this convenient , updated hotel . 
the w lakeshore hotel is a great place to stay hands down ! ! i traveled solo on a business trip from new york and the treatment from when i walked into the " living room " to when i checked in was superb . the whatever whenever experience was executed to a t . whenever i requested a toothbrush , shaving kit and even floss , the young lady raquel brought it up to me with a smile . she was very kind and always used her name and never ceased to let me know if i needed anything else to let her know . i felt like i was bothering her at times but she didnt mind at all . . w lakeshore crew , you guys rock ! ! ! 
i have spend two separate weeks at this property recently , once during the month of january and once during february . this property is quite large though their staffing seems to have been greatly reduced . the concierge desk was never manned . i never saw more than two staffmembers at the front desk . the rooms are quite dated but are of a standard size and adequately maintained . the animal print wallpaper is peeling at spots and the furniture in the rooms is showing more than average wear and tear . the location of this property is just north of the chicago river and one block east of michigan avenue . the loop and the magnificent mile are within easy walking distance . the airport is easily accessed by cathing the N busline ( directly behind the pj clarke ' s restaurant in front of the hotel ) which will take you to milwaukee where you can catch the blue line to o ' hare . chicago ' s buses are equipped with visual and auditory indications for each stop . there are several excellent restaurants within walking distance of this hotel . transportation is excellent with a cta ( chicago transit authority ) N-day pass available for N . you can purchase this pass at the blue line station at o ' hare . beware if you are looking for dinner after a day of business meetings you will be hard set to find any restaurants open after Npm ! 
i stayed at this hotel when doing business at an office on the magnificent mile . the hotel was very functional . . . free wifi was a plus . . . and the adjoining starbucks was very convenient . i ordered room service one evening which took a very long time to arrive , but the next morning i had a note of apology under my door with a gift certificate for a free starbucks coffee . the room service food , though , was very good . i went out for a run one afternoon and found it easy to run down to millenium park and back in about N minutes . the last time i was doing business in this location , i stayed at the w hotel near the lake . it is obviously difficult to compare the two hotels , but i would stay at the courtyard again next time just for its basic good service , convenience , and functionality . 
a group of us stayed at the w lakeshore for a weekend for my sister ' s bachelorette party . we chose the package deal which was supposed to include a luxury suite for the bride and N friends , limo transportation to and from the clubs , and special vip treatement at le passage . instead , we got a suite with one king bed ( for N people ) , a bus , and the bouncers at le passage acted as though they had no idea what we were talking about . so obviously i ' d never recommend the bachelorette package . in addition , checking in took forever , the staff was unfriendly and rude , and the hotel decor is overrated . the only thing we liked about our stay were the bliss products in the bathroom ! 
this is the first time i stayed at the wyndham blake hotel . the common areas are uninspiring but the rooms are very large and nice . there are many drawers for storage in the rooms and in the bathrooms . my bathroom was also larger than an average hotel bathroom and and nicely decorated . the view out the window was a brick wall but i didn ' t get the room for the view . i wish i had tried the breakfast but i didn ' t . i had to get to work too early . the breakfast opens about N am . there is a restaurant that is attached and next door . it is pricey and not a place for a quick dinner on a business trip . it is more of a date-night-out restaurant . the door man , and the rest of the staff , were very helpful . overall , i liked the hotel and would recommend it to others if you need to be in the area . 
beautiful , modern rooms--a view provided based on request at check-in . fantastic concierge service--these people really love know the city--recommended things with knowlege and zeal plus there are N-N available at a time . no pool but rumor has it , you can swim somewhere nearby . gracious and accomodating staff , perfect location--be forewarned ( and the woman checking us in did tell us ) that their mini-bar is on a sensor system and if you move anything--you will be charged . 
we stayed at the seneca easter weekend N . we had a great time and really enjoyed the hotel . the people who worked there were friendly and very helpful with restaurants and bus schedules . we would stay there again and not think twice about it . our room was nice and big and clean . the tv worked just fine . didn ' t use the kitchen but there seemed to be plenty of dishes , pans and silverware . maybe the people who had a problem with the staff had an attitude of there own . we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful . we ate in the restaurant upstairs and had a super meal . the hotel is right off of michigan ave , where you can walk everywhere you want to go . 
came from las vegas to chicago for a family wedding . the hotel was beautiful , staff was great very helpful . beds were the best i have ever had in a hotel room . hotel was in great location walking distance to everything . staff was top notch very helpful . 
great hotel - great room size . concierge was very helpful . overall wonderful experience ! 
if it weren ' t for the location there would be nothing about this hotel that was positive . the room was slightly larger than a walk in closet and stunk like a moldy basement . the bathroom door had a broken hinge and couldn ' t close . the toilet didn ' t want to flush . the tv reception was terrible . there were cigarette butts all over the window ledge in this non smoking room . the shower was a joke . . no pressure and tepid water temp . the shower curtain was too short so water got everywhere . the floors looked dirty and the paint on the woodwork was all chipped . the hallway smelled worse than the room and needed repairs to the walls and baseboards . there were picketers outside who kept blowing loud shrill whistles as they picketed . it took the valet over N N hour to get our car for us from the parking lot just around the corner . if we could have found another hotel we would have ran as fast as we could from this one . all in all , the worse hotel experience we ever had . and all this at a N-N star price , what a rip off . 
my business partner and i travel to chicago every year for a convention . last year we stayed at the ritz carlton and it was very nice , if not a bit stodgy . we had walked by the sofitel and i thought i ' d give it a try . the hotel is very modern and beautiful . even though i ' m N years old now , i can at least pretend that i am young and hip . we booked N junior suites for about the same as we would ' ve paid at the ritz . my partner got a awesome corner room . i ended up in a ' disabled ' junior suite . while i would ' ve preferred my partner ' s room , my room was still very nice . being that it was for disabled guests it had N seperate showers and a seperate tub in the bathroom . it also had these really cool automatic curtains that my partner ' s room didn ' t have . anyway , stil a really cool room . there are two bars downstairs both pouring great french champagne by the glass . we ordered room service a couple of times and it was excellent . i highly recommend this hotel and look forward to staying there again . 
i left the raffaello in late november after a very pleasant ( as always ) two-night stay . but i forgot my bag , including laptop etc . , in the garage across the street when i was packing the car to depart . didn ' t notice until i was back home . i called the hotel . staff were very helpful . a valet ran across the street and retrieved my bag . i talked to the sunday manager who arranged to have my bag shipped to me the next day . i ' ve always liked the raffaello . now i ' m a bigger fan than ever . 
the rooms in this hotel are very large and luxurious . the entryway allows one to enter without people in the hallway seeing much of the room , so there is more privacy than most hotel rooms . the closet opens from two sides - one from the bedroom and one from the bathroom . the shower and tub are located behind a glass door in the bathroom , there is a double vanity sink , and the toilet is in its own separate room . toothpaste and a toothbrush , as well as the typical amenities , are provided for free . my only negative comment about the room is that the two beds were small . there is a lap pool with several lanes and boards and fins . this is a great hotel for those looking for luxury and are willing to pay for it . 
we enjoyed our stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago . upon arrival we were treated with great hospitality . the desk staff was friendly and took the time to visit with us about our room and its pros and what she thought might be a con - the size . our room was small , but was beautiful and very comfortable . we had a great view of the lake . the furnishing seemed expensive and unique . they decor was fabulous and the bed was delightfully comfortable with great linens . the room was very clean upon arrival and was always cleaned with perfection each day we returned from our adventures throughout the city . the hotel as a whole seemed like we stepped back in time . i loved the boutique feel from the mirrored elevators , rotary style phone in the hallway to the old mail slots . we would definitely stay here again ! we loved chicago and this hotel . 
my husband and i stayed at the amalfi for N nights in july . front desk staff are amazing , very helpful . we loved the fact that breakfast is served on each floor very convenient . however , the " happy hour " or " manager ' s reception " each evening was the highlight of our stay at the amalfi . great drinks , tasty appetizers and a great way to mingle with other guests . i would stay here again and have recommended it to a number of our friends . 
our party of three stayed four nights at the comfort suites over a long weekend . the hotel couldn ' t be better located for a leisure trip to chicago just a short walk to the museums , the loop , and to shopping dining on the michigan avenue . the lobby is small if you ' re used to the fancier hotels downtown , but the rooms are larger in comparison to those we ' ve had in other downtown hotels on earlier chicago visits . we had booked a N queen suite , but were upgraded on arrival to a huge N bedroom , N bath suite ( if you ' re reading this comfort suites , thanks again ) . the room was clean but the furnishings were dated and due for upgrades and new carpet . we noted a leak at the toilet which was quickly repaired on the day we notified the front desk . the front desk was very attentive and responded quickly to any request we made . the room had a full kitchen , which we used for dinner comfortably one evening after a trip to trader joe ' s a few blocks away . our biggest pet peeves were noise and wifi access . you expect outside noise in a city like chicago , but most of the noise was internal from the a c system or from the appliances in the kitchen area . we did find that it became white noise quickly and it didn ' t keep me from comfortable sleep . however , if you ' re a light sleeper it could be an issue , especially in the front bedroom which is separated from the kitchen by an open doorway with no door . wifi is provided but for most of our stay the connection ranged from barely usable to not worth trying . breakfast was the average budget hotel quality and the hot options were lower quality than what we ' re used to . it ' s ok if you want cereal , but we found ourselves across michigan avenue at cafe decartes for excellent coffee and pastries . despite our peeves , i considered the comfort suites a great value considering that it was by far the lowest cost option for downtown chicago for a room that could house three adults comfortably . we weren ' t expecting the ritz , and the location was great and the staff as attentive and helpful as we ' ve had at much fancier hotels . 
we enjoyed this hotel this winter . the location is magnificent , N blocks from the michigan ave . , less than N meters to the red line mta train that takes you virtually everywhere . nice view ( floor N ) . the pool is very good and also the business center ( complimentary use of pc and printer ) . within the hotel there is free wifi . 
i have absolutely nothing negative to say about this hotel ! yes , the mini-bar and rendez-vous terrace drinks are way expensive , but given the high-end nature of this hotel , not overpriced . beautiful room , bathroom , tv , comfy bed , central location , etc . i could go on ! i would definately stay here again . staff were friendly and heplful as well . 
the location is very convenient . if you are coming from the airport the blue line stops right outside of the hotel . the rooms are very clean and are kept that way each day by the housekeeping staff . the hotel is close to all chicago ' s important sites and has some great restaurants in the area . the staff is friendly and helpful . my only complaint is that breakfast is served in the small lobby so if there are a lot of guests there at the same time it can get a bit hectic . there are N computers and a printer in the lobby which was very convenient . very reasonable prices for the location and rooms . i ' ll definitely be staying there on my next trip to chicago ! 
we stayed at the ohio house last weekend on a three day stay in chicago . being a fairly expensive city , budget accomodation was something we needed and the ohio house provided . the ohio house is located close to the heart of the city ( a few blocks back from michigan avenue ) . the rooms are small to average size bathrooms average hotel size , with very N ' s style appearence and decor . most people tend to assume that budget accomodation in an expensive city means hygiene problems , however the ohio house , we found to be , was extremely clean ( N stars in that department ) . the motel also has its own small coffee house where we had breakfast on one of our days there . its was nice , but again very N ' s style which was interesting . chicago is full of delicious resturants and cafes though - my personal recommendation is a little french style cafe ' cosi ' , a block or so back from michigan avenue ) . the ohio house is also directly across the road from a large mcdonald ' s ( not that you ' d go all the way to chicago just to eat mcdonald ' s ! ) there was only one issue we had with the ohio house and that was the noise from the streets at night . but the ohio house is a very clean , comfortable stay for anyone wishing to take a budget holiday in chicago - which was a beautiful city . personally , i would stay there again if i was looking for budget accomodation - but should there be available funds , i would probably choose to stay in one of the larger hotels in the city . 
what i loved stayed in the historic building ( the hotel is two buildings conjoined - one old , one new ) and our room was large and lovely . bathroom had both a tub and a shower . beds were lovely with that " sheet on the outside of the blanket and inside of the blanket " thing going on , which is so nice . pillows very comfortable . we loved loved loved the " eno " wine bar downstairs - they do cheese , chocolate and wine only - how neat is that ? we tasted a different flight each night we were there . hotel is close to almost everything - just a couple blocks away from the river to catch the architecture tour on the millenium mile for great shopping , easy walking distance from the red line , easy walking distance from fantastic restaurants ( we went to frontera grill and cafe grand lux ) . annoyances couldn ' t properly open the curtains to let light in the hotel room . gym and computer usage were extra and pricey ( altho i sprang for the gym and it was very well stocked with equipment ) . pool area was beautiful - tho not quite as lovely as swisshotel - where the pool has the best view in the city . overall , would give swisshotel the nod for their more beautiful view of the lake , but this hotel was still quite ideal . 
the hotel burnham is a great spot in chicago ' s theatre district and near many downtown tourist attractions ( e . g . sears tower , chicago theatre , etc . ) . some of the more unique features of the hotel include an old style elevator with gate and the use of keys to open your room . . . yes , real keys ( not cards ) ! the rooms are small , but very tastefully done , with a beautiful poster bed and canopy . the windows are decorated with velvet like curtains with musical scores by mozart in gold colored script , to emphasize the hotel ' s proximity to various performing arts venues . each evening , the hotel hosts a wine reception in the lobby , which is a nice respite after a long workday . the breakfast menu is also quite enjoyable , especially the delicious eggs benedict and fresh squeezed orange juice . i only spent two nights here , but would be happy to come back ! 
my family and i scored a great rate of N a night for the sheraton for a quick weekend trip to chicago . the hotel is in a good location and even though it was february , we were still able to walk to michigan ave . fairly easily from the hotel . check-in was quick and easy . the lobby is beautiful and definitely makes the hotel look like a N-star but that ' s about where the stars start to fade . the elevators are clean and quick . our rooms were on the Nth floor . there were newspapers and food trays strewn about the hallway as we arrived and they were not removed until the following day . the rooms were reasonably clean with the exception of a piece of candy on our floor , a large iron burn mark on the middle of the bedspread and some mold on the shower head . these are things that are easy to overlook in a N or N star hotel but i think it is unacceptable in a N-star hotel . the rooms are good size and the beds are comfortable with decent linens . the toiletries are higher end and made the shower more enjoyable . the mini-bar is an absolute joke as the prices are ridiculous . a bottle of water was N . N ! my parents ate in the breakfast restaurant and said the food was fresh and pretty good . we were only at the hotel for a few nights but it suited our needs . i don ' t think i would stay at this hotel if i had to pay full price for a room but i would definitely stay here again for N or less . 
we came from gatineau and stayed for N days at the indigo in beginning of october . it was very nice . thanks to tom and the lovely staff over there . we had a wonderful time ! 
i was surprised and very disappointed with the bad service here . westin hotels are usually pretty good but this was not the case here . i only stayed N night and had quite a few problems . some were small ( but irritating ) and good hotels always pay attention to the small details . that was not the case here . for example ( N ) room service lunch - they included bread rolls but not enough butter ( N ) room service dinner - it took N mins to arrive and they sent the wrong order . since it was after N . Npm the kitchen was then closed . i was put on hold for N minutes and then told i could order from a local italian take-out ( they would pay ) . an ok response i guess but by then it was near midnight and i would have to wait again for the food . ( N ) the room only had N dim lights and was very dark . i called " service express " to get an additional light sent to the room . i had to call them N times before anyone delivered a light ( despite being told during the first N calls that it was coming ) . this took at least N hours . i will not stay here again . i have stayed at the sofitel before and should have gone back there - it was awesome . 
a friend and i stayed here for N nights . as it was our first time in chicago , we wanted something with easy access to shopping , lots of things to do and places to eat . the allerton did not disappoint . we were able to walk to almost everything we wanted to do ( parks , navy pier , shopping , restaurants , etc ) . we did have to take a bus to bucktown , but the stop was right near the hotel . the staff were friendly , though we didn ' t interact with them too much . the room was in good condition and clean , but the layout was awkward , not allowing the person on the far side of the bed much room to walk to their side ( less than a foot ) . as two girls , we didn ' t mind sharing one bed , but it was hard to get around without disturbing one an other . we were very impressed with the fitness center . there are several cardio machines ( bikes , elliptical , N treadmills ) each with their own tv screen and weight machines free weights . it was clean and there were always plenty of towels . it is bright and airy and wasn ' t overly crowded when we were there . the restaurant in the hotel was ok . it had good food , but not really a good place to have a ' night out . ' overall , we would happily stay at the allerton again it was the best value for us . 
i am no great fan of big city hotels . i prefer a nice comfort inn with free parking and breakfast . but each year i go to chicago during midwest music clinic with my kids to baby sit and help out . this year we stayed at the sheraton and i really enjoyed it . the staff was friendly and the room was beautiful , with a nice view . i made friends with the housekeeper on our floor the first day and never lacked for plenty of whatever i needed . the pool is free , although i had been confused when i read that the fitness center charged . corporate messed up my sons reservations just about every way they could , including charging for days not reserved . it was a mess , but when we arrived everything was fine . i did not eat in the hotel or use room service . on the nights i stayed in to babysit , i grabbed food from dominicks and fox and obels . this hotel is close to lots of things . a great location . 
the downtown chicago fairfield inn is a hidden gem in chicago ' s downtown . located on a tree lined street one block from the magnificent mile and N minute walk to the lake , we felt we were in a quiet hidden neighborhood in the city . the hotel is very clean , nicely decorated with a modern decor and the staff is exceptionally helpful . the suite with the living room ( pullout sofa ) , minifridge and microwave make longer stays very comfortable and would work well for families with children . 
i stayed for just one nite at the sheraton hotel and towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other ta posters but i was not let down . i got the room via pl N and was first placed in a room on the Nth floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot . since i had nothing to lose , i asked to be moved to a " room with a view " . the front desk attendant ( rasheeda ) wanted to make sure that the room i had at first was clean and was in order and i assured her that it was . she then moved me up to the Nth floor with ease and it took about N minute . i was quite surprised as i have heard that they treat pl and hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers . the new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the navy pier , a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of lake michigan . all this for N ? yep ! i skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious ! the room was comfy , had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location . i didnt use it since i wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk . the bed and pillows were very comfy , but i awoke at about N in the morning sweating from the comfy but very warm and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed . this was a great deal for the price and i would absolutely stay here again . 
my stay at the hard rock hotel was a delight . i usually try to avoid business travel because i don t get a good night sleep . this experience with you was superb ! my good night sleep helped me to enjoy the whole experience of being in chicago and attending our conference . the hotel was very interesting , exciting and so pleasant . what wonderful workers you have there . there is a real comfortable ambience about the whole hotel . thank you , thank you for a memorable experience . i intend to return not just for business but also for pleasure ! sincerely , connie chestnut cmsw alzheimer s association of southeastern wisconsin
my husband and i stayed at the hyatt recently and had a great experience . staff was friendly and helpful , rooms were updated , roomy , and very clean . the location downtown to resturants , shopping and attractions was great . to address some of the cons listed by other reviews . . the hotel is large and , as would be expected , the lobby is full of activity , including the great lobby bar that looks out over the city . yes , there is a disco club atmosphere at night but if you looked at the hotel ' s website before you booked you know exactly what you are getting . the dance club didn ' t get started until later evening when kids shouldn ' t be out anyway . we were informed in advance that if you enter the minibar a sensor is set off so there would be a charge . the parking at N a day is very average as anyone who stays in a big city would know and it was quite easy for us to get our car when we needed it without any long waits . there were also complaints listed about the hot water and towels--the water was always hot even when showering during the busy morning hours and the towels were more than adequate . we have traveled all over the world and this hyatt is a great choice for fun weekend in chicago . 
the location is great if you plan on doing a lot of running around chicago . it ' s walking distance to both lake el stations which means you have every el line close by and a straight ride from o ' hare for N . N . the lobby is large and a nice place to meet and hang out . they have N pay computers to use . i have some status and got probably the best room location , a river view at the end of the hall . the room looked like housekeeping had cleaned it in a hurry , the drawers were all open and a couple of spots needed a sweeping though . the room was a bit larger than normal and the bathroom was large . between the wide bathtub and curved shower curtain rod i felt like i was showering in a wet room . sheets and towels were of good quality as was everything else . everything else was westin nominal . definately recommend ! 
stayed here for a few days for work . the location is great on ohio between michigan and st clair , right off mag mile . there is no room service , and the elevators are inconsistent as they lights and indicators don ' t always work . the bathrooms are a little older and the window ac units are a little loud . however the rooms are clean and the service was very nice and friendly . 
this hotel was recommended by friends and it was absolutely spot on the location is great , one block at away from the magnificent mile , just off the john hancock tower and within walking distance of all major shopping . the room was large and clean , with a small kitchenette and a very clean , but relatively small bathroom . just the thing you need for a ( long ) weekend in chicago ! 
i spent a week in the chicago area and had two separate stays at the palmer house . ( spent a night in oak park for a wedding ) the first stay was disappointing but the second made up for it . the first time my boyfriend and i arrived at the hotel we were not offered any help with our luggage . i had three heavy bags and was clearly struggling . the staff was standing around in front of the door but no one could actually open it . it was very windy and the doors were heavy and the effort to open the door made me drop my suitcases . for the age of the hotel the room size was generous . the only problem was that the room was dirty . the dresser was sticky and one of the decorative pillows had a stain on it . the concierge was rude but the dinner recommendation she gave was good . the second time i arrived at the hotel valet immediately greeted us , the bellmen helped with the baggage and there was someone to open the door . my party arrived at Nam , but were able to check in early . ( the rooms weren ' t on the same floor but we opted not to wait for closer rooms . ) my boyfriend and i received an e-standby upgrade so for an additional N a night we got a huge room . there was a dining room , wet bar , large living room , two flat screen tvs , and one and a half baths . we had dinner in lockwood one night and it was pretty good . they had run out of the sparkling wine i wanted but there were plenty of other options . overall my biggest disappointment was the gift shop ( which i think was operated by an independent group . . . ) the hotel has such a rich history and a beautiful logo but there weren ' t any souvenir options that reflected this . the only hotel specific items were one out dated postcard and a tee shirt . the picture on the post card did not show the current furnishings and decor of the lobby and the shirt was very plain and over priced . i would have liked a hotel magnet or something with the peacock logo . 
i stayed at the burnham for a recent business trip to chicago . from the time i checked in , till the time i checked out the staff could not have been more accomodating . the hotel is located right across the street from macy ' s on state street and N N N blks from the el . i took the train from midway and it was a short walk to the hotel . the room was small , but well appointed . appreciated the in-room controls for air and heat . room service was able to accomodate my request for something " not on the menu " . definitely made my trip very enjoyable . 
had to go to chicago and stayed at the drake . the hotel itself was really beautiful and what you would imagine a grand hotel would be like . our room faced the water which was very nice . good size and clean . obviously the location cannot be beat-you ' re close to everything ! concierge friendly and made us dinner reservations . it ' s not super deluxe but there is a distinct charm that cannot be replicated in some of the newer , more modern or fancier hotels in chicago . loved that chanel was located in the hotel ! 
we loved this hotel and would definitely come back . initially we weren ' t given a goldfish , which was disappointing , but then we left a tip for the housekeeper , and she rewarded us with one . we had fun sipping wine and playing wii in the lobby every afternoon . the staff were quite friendly and helpful , even printing our boarding passes for us . our room was very comfortable , with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper . at first we were worried about noise , since our room was next to the elevator , but we hardly heard it , and didn ' t notice any street noise either . the hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated , well-lit , and ideally located . 
i was able to stay at the w hotel lakeshore with a family member that had a comp stay for a business trip . the hotel is located in front of lake michigan off chicago ' s famous scenic lake shore drive . the hotel room was very modern and hip and beds were comfortable . . the bathroom looked really cool . . . but wasn ' t very practical . it was dark so it was tough to see clearly in the mirrors . there wasn ' t much sink space , the shower was a bit tricky and there were slotted doors and windows connecting the bathroom to the bed area so you could hear everything . the view on the other hand was spectacular . it looked right onto lake michigan and navy pier . the hallways leading to the rooms reminded us off decor taken from tlc ' s trading spaces with smooth pebble stones bordering the walls floor . we didn ' t take advantage of the fitness or pool area nor the restaurants , but there is a great ( but expensive bar ) on the roof ( whiskey room ) ) with one of the best views of chicago at night . and there is a trendy bar on the first floor off the lobby that caters to the hip after work crowd . the location is a bit out of the way but walking distance to michigan avenue shopping restaurants and the john hancock building . the doorman can easily get taxi ' s there as well . it is also pretty close cab ride to navy pier and to the amc river east N movie theater . so overall , if you are looking for a trend setting hip place thats a little pricey but has a great view this would be a place to go . 
i have stayed here N times in the past N days and i have been thoroughly impressed with the property and staff . everyone is friendly , professional , and helpful . yes , things can and do wrong from time to time - it would be foolish to think otherwise . however , it is how the staff handle the situation or problem is what counts , and this staff always step up to the plate , apologize ( even if it is not their fault ) and immediately begin to resolve it . the hotel is in a great location , about a block from michigan ave ( major shopping ) and very easy walks to subway metro , as well as state street , rush st , and other sights . the rooms are immaculate , clean , and well maintained . i never had a problem at all in their area and have always been happy sleeping on these amazing beds ! the wifi is reasonably priced , but there are plenty of free hot spots within walking distance . i am a little sad that they do not have a pool - probably , my single downside with this hyatt . prices fluctuate a lot so check often . i have scored rooms between N- N . the area is safe , walkable , and family friendly ! 
the fairmont hotel in chicago has the best value for a weekend in chicago . it is a great location . just south of the mag mile , and just north of millenium park . i took my wife for her birthday and we arrive mid-friday afternoon . we were very courteously greeted by the doorman , escorted by the bell hop to the front desk . he waited while we checked in and then delivered our bags to our room while we retreated directly to the bar for a relaxing " happy hour " . they had some very nice light snacks on the menu there . the hotel is not the most up to date , but the room was very nice and clean , with a very comfortable bed . we walked north for dinner in the evening . in the morning they had an excellent selection of pastries and fruit in the atrium for reasonable prices , plus fresh oj and coffee . i liked that much better than the room service option because you could pick out exactly what you wanted . after a late checkout we took a nice walk through millenium park and the art intitute before heading home . this was our Nnd stay the the chicago fairmont and we it will continue to be our choice for downtown chicago . we have also stayed at other fairmonts and found them to be excellent as well . 
the w hotel greets you with glitter , glamour , and warmth . there is plentiful help right at the door . inside , the lobby is a work of art married with hospitality . concierge service always available right there . the room we stayed in had a wonderful view , great decore , and was very comfortable . the bathroom was something i had never seen before . the fixtures were the latest design , and there was plenty of mirror and counter space . the walls of the bathroom were woven wood , and there was an opening with shutters so you could see out and watch tv while shaving , perhaps . soundproof it was not , making it easy to carry on a conversation with the door slid shut , but not so easy to cover noises you might not want to carry out into the room . there is a super gift boutique just off the lobby with elegant cosmetics and fashions . staying at the w was a memorable experience . the memory still makes me smile . 
what a great find ! inexpensive ( compared to most downtown chicago hotels ) , convenient location , and a great room . i have read other reviews that complained about the size of the rooms my room was perfectly big enough for me and would have been fine for two . the bed was great , comfortable , the room very elegant and servicable . small but very well-appointed bathroom with a huge shower . plenty of storage throughout room . room and entire hotel was clean , clean , clean . great eatery attached ( english pub ) with great wait-staff , or you can order in and have food delivered . valet parking reasonable and convenient ( and pleasant attendants ) . the hotel was full of students that night , but my room was N quiet . as a very frequent traveler i highly recommend this hotel . happy travels ! 
i stayed here while attending a conference at the marriott across the street . this was cheaper and more comfortable . as other reviewers have noted , this is a gem of a hotel . it ' s a true suite , with living room , full kitchen , and bedroom . the living room has a sofabed , sitting chair , coffee table and N " lcd tv . there is a small dining table desk next to the kitchen . the kitchen has microwave , two burner oven , dishwasher , coffee maker , fridge . also plates , pots pans and silverware . the room was clean and comfortable with no obvious signs of wear . the king size bed was also comfy , though not as high end as you would find in a nicer hotel . there is a regular tube tv in the bedroom . the free buffet breakfast had scrambled eggs , meats , cereal , make your own waffles , etc . there is also a dinner with a different menu mon-thurs but i did not have that . there is a gym inhouse , but you can use the crunch gym next door ( same building ) that is much bigger and has everything . the entrance is not much to look at just an elevator to the sixth floor where reception is . but the bellman was friendly and the reception desk was efficient and very friendly . it does cost a lot to park here ( i think N night so don ' t bring a car ) . there is a small store next to reception , open N N . free wired and wireless internet in the room . only minor complaint is that the walls are somewhat thin so if the neighbor raises his voice i can hear it . also , i can hear water running next door . but all in all i would definitely stay here again . it ' s much more comfortable and better value than the big hotels nearby . 
my college best friend and i choose to visit chicago for a weekend and wanted to find a hotel with a good price and a decent location . the hilton chicago fit the bill and had a hilton double points offer , which was very appealing . it was also just a short cab ride from the train station . the check-in process took quite awhile as we had to wait in a rather long line . however , we were given a complimentary upgrade to one of their double-beded two bathroom rooms with a lakeview ( we had only booked a double-bedded room so i believe we got a bit of a deal ) . we were happy to have a lake view and it was immensely helpful to have two bathrooms ! however , there was only one hairdryer but we deduced that was so we don ' t blow a fuse , and we took turns . though it is not on the busy magnificant mile area ( it ' s a little farther south ) , it is still in a good location and a short walk to the field museum . the lobby and common areas are really impressive , with historic decor . 
i travel at least N times a yr for work and twice a year with family , so i put in a lot of time at hotels . my room was freezing cold and the thermometer in the room didn ' t make a difference . i was told by engineering that the hotel had turned on ac and it would take a couple of hours for the heat to come back on . i ended up taking a long hot shower and getting in bed and using the blow dryer to warm me up . they promised to send up hot tea , but after N minutes and no delivery i had to call to ask . about N minutes later a pot of tea showed up , but it was highly caffeinated breakfast tea at N N at night ! ! ! the same night , someone attempted to enter my room . luckily i had both locks on . i think it was housekeeping . i don ' t know how they couldn ' t hear the tv which was turned up loud so that i could hear it over the blowdryer ! ! ! the second day , i called guest services to tell them that my tv wasn ' t working . after hitting N and waiting about N rings , i hung up . i tried again and had the same experience . i thought , what if it was a medical emergency and no one answered ! ! ! ! the handle on my toilet had to be held in order for it to be flushed . it reminded me of my old house ! i called down for toothpaste N minutes ago . i ' m still waiting . given all of the choices in a downtown area like this and with the tough economy , there have to be other hotels that provide better service . 
the keys to my cadillac cts was given to someone off the street by the valet company . valet authority inc . which the hotel requires you to use . i am out of pocket for the insurance deductible and the rekeying of my home . this happened on my wedding night no less . they have been no help and evidently don ' t care to help resolve my remaining issues . the general manager called me once and left a message never bothering to return my calls and talk to me personally . 
my review of the hampton inn will be a little dated , but it definitely deserves high praise . my girlfried and i stayed here in august N for N nights . this was both our first time visiting chicago . we couldn ' t have been happier with our selection . we picked this place based on the reviews on tripadvisor . com . thanks to all for their honest reviews ! if you ' re looking for a place with a great location , this is it ! it was very easy to navigate throughout the city from this loaction . getting to the hotel from the airport was easy as well . one train stop will get you block or two away from the front door ! don ' t expect a grand entrance , because there is none . what you get in terms of value is the location , service , and room quality . we also enjoyed the continental breakfast every morning and the free wireless internet inside our room . if you don ' t have time to sit for breakfast , they offer free travel snack bags . chicago in the middle of summer was quite hot , but our air conditioner was excellent . the bed was amazingly comfortable . we were well rested day in and day out . as for location , you can ' t beat it . it is so close to public transportation and is walkable to many major tourists sites . it is also very close to many great restaurants and shopping . next time we go to chicago , we will be staying here ! great job majestic inn ! 
for a large chain hotel with a lot of conferences going on while we were there my sister and i felt the staff was extremely friendly and helpful . when i arrived at my room i requested an extra luggage stand , it arrived within minutes plus extra pillows . the door man was very helpful and explained the workings of the hotel . the outrageous charge for wifi is so over the top , it is free at small chain hotels ! it is free in the starbucks down in the lobby . the room was large , the beds very comfortable , the bath was well supplied , and the linens comfortable . the location is great , close to shopping and good restaurants . 
the hotel is getting a little dated . the stetson restaurants still has great steaks and impressive service . my husband was on business and i tagged along . he left for a business trip early in the morning with all bags so i could go home on the train without luggage . unfortunately he took all my clothes . he left early morning and i slept in and found out i only had a silk shell for clothing . called the hotel shop and they only carry t shirts so i called the front desk . vickie came to my rescue with an employee uniform so i could get to a store and purchase clothes . even though i usually don ' t stay here i will definetly be staying here every time i am in chicago . vickie thank you again . 
do not book this hotel using an online site like hotels . com ! ! we booked a king bed non smoking for a one night stay to celebrate our anniversary . upon arriving a very rude front deck clerk informed us that they " crowne plaza metro " did not have to honor our king bed booking because it was made with an online service and instead we were going to get a double room . if we didnt take it we would lose all the money . final in the room we find two small beds . im a big guy . so , to make a long story short . i spent my anniversary sleeping alone . my wife woke the next day with a rash from the detergent they use . ( we hope thats what it was ) so thank you crowne plaza metro for an anniversary that nether my wife or i will ever forget ! 
i travel often for business and stay at N-N star hotels as well as the usual marriott courtyard or hilton hotels . this hotel was great . i reserved the king executive which had windows facing michigan avenue as well as on the adjacent wall . we could not believe how quiet the room was-- no noise from michigan avenue or other guests , etc . amazingly and wonderfully quiet hotel room . the room was well appointed , huge , and immaculate . ( any hotel that puts stark white comforters on the beds has confidence in its cleanliness and i always take that as a good sign . ) the big surprise at this hotel was the dining . i almost never dine at the restaurants in a hotel at which i am staying . ( usually too many great other options in a city ) we had a case of the munchies upon checking in so we ordered appetizers via room service . service was quick , sharp , and the food was very good . the next day , we had lunch at the Nth floor rooftop garden restaurant ( outdoors ) which has a fabulous view and again , was amazingly quiet given the location of this hotel . the food was fantastic . we only ordered maine lobster roll sandwiches so we were ' t expecting an amazing culinary experience . . . . surprise ! the presentation was lovely and the lobster roll came on a platter with several " samplers " --- soup , cabbage slaw , homemade chips , and a sinful chocolate mouse cake . i ' ve had lobster rolls in dozens of places up and down the eastern seaboard and i ' ll tell you that this was the best , most flavorful , and freshest i ' ve had . the whole dining experience greatly exceeded my expectations . i would say that this hotel is a gem in the city and recommend it without reservation of any kind . enjoy ! 
N adults and N elementary-aged kids stayed for a N day , N night spring break . we loved the fact that our two rooms faced each other across a private alcove off the main hall . the rooms were very clean , beds comfortable and pillows large and fluffy . the tv was a new flat screen and there was an in-room safe . would have been nice to have a small fridge but we did okay without . the front desk staff was exceptionally friendly each day especially wallace , the concierge . the pool is rather hard to get too from the east end of the hotel and was chilly . no hottub . all in all , i would give this hotel N stars out of N . 
my husband and i just returned from the omni . we were there for just a N night stay . . . december N-N . since it was a holiday weekend , the hotel , and the rest of the city was jammed . our experience there was wonderful . we had a prompt and friendly check in . our room was very comfortable and clean . beautiful granite counters in the bathroom , pillow-top beds , and the living area were especially nice to relax in . i would encourage anyone who is considering a stay at the omni to join the select guest program they offer . it ' s free , and little amenities like juice and coffee delivered to your room free in the morning are really nice . we called on the concierge , both amiri and kevin , several times and each time they were able to help us and direct us to great restuarants , activities , etc . both were very helpful and amiri was kind enough to see that we got a wonderful bottle of wine or champagne on our anniversary . if when we return to chicago , i would most likely stay at the omni again , especially if we could get the same great rate . 
i went to chicago for a wedding and the wedding guests stayed at elysian . seriously this is the most amazing , outstanding hotel . my room was so luxurious i actually wished i had more time to spend in it ! i had a great living room area . the bathroom was gorgeous too with a great tub shower the tv in the mirror . 
my husband and i had stayed at the swissotel several years ago and thoroughly enjoyed our visit . we flew into chicago and rented a car to tour wisconsin before attending a board meeting there . we decided to spend the last night of our trip , on our return to chicago , at the swissotel for memories sake . we were able to get an outstanding lake view room for sunday night . though the hotel was completely booked , due to two conventions on friday and saturday nights , when we decided to stay an extra night on saturday , we were wait listed for that night . even though there was a mix-up with our original sunday night booking and it and our wait-list had been lost , upon calling back , the person i spoke with was able to confirm a wonderful lake view room on the Nst floor for both nights . once again we had a most delightful stay and thoroughly enjoyed the terrific view of lake michigan . our room was beautiful , extremely comfortable , and incredibly clean . perhaps my only complaint is the N per day parking fee , but that seems to be the norm for large cities . our two meals in their palm restaurant was another story . see separate review . 
went for a long weekend , a " last hurrah " trip before son N leaves for college . we are getting very spoiled and are leaning towards four seasons whenever it is a choice ( and when we can get a deal that is only outrageous , not astronomical ! ) although the hotel seemed almost N N empty . . . there were really no deals to be had other than the buy two nights , one night free . this would have been too expensive for us with two rooms , ( which is what we really wanted ) so we crammed into a deluxe executive suite , approx N night with taxes . . . ( and don ' t forget the N plus per night parking ! ) whew ! lucky that third night was " free " . but we knew all this going in so it is not a strike against the hotel . but what is does is set expectations extremely high . . . the lobby is beautiful , large , sunny , nice fountain in the middle . our room , on the Nth floor . . . . eh . . . . it had a main sitting room with a pull out couch , then the master bedroom separated by frosted french doors . it did have two bathrooms , but they were small and not " luxurious " at all , with combined bath shower . also , we joked about the " ergodynamic " toilets . . . they are kind of low , and rather tilt you backwards . there was enough room for the four of us , but tight when the rollaway was out . the main king size bed was extremely comfortable , nice fluffy bath towels and i love those four seasons robes . it was clean . oddly there was no tv channel information , that would have been appreciated . of course teen sons quickly figured out the remote to get channel listings , but my old eyes couldn ' t see it very well on the t . v . when laying on the bed . you can request newspapers to be delivered to your door every morning , which we did . we went down to look at the spa pool area first thing . it was unimpressive , to say the least . the pool is a small , very small lap pool . the whirlpool was small and didn ' t look very appealing at all , like not so clean , and not filled all the way ? as far as i could tell , it was not being cleaned at the time as there was no sign and a family was in it ! i did work out in their gym , and the equipment , for a hotel gym , was very good . nice touch to have cooled towels available and someone going around bringing everyone water . we did not eat at the hotel , nor did very many others by the look of the lobby restaurant every time we passed by . we did have coffee and drinks at the lobby bar , that was nice ( and , yes , expensive ! ) so yes , i liked this hotel , didn ' t love it , probably will try somewhere else in the future as for me , it did not justify the cost and have that " four seasons " feeling . it ' s not fair to compare a city four seasons to a resort four seasons ( like nevis , one of the most magical stays in the world ) but i have stayed at the st . louis four seasons , which was , to me , way more impressive than this one , and will be staying at the four seasons philadelphia in a few weeks , which my husband has already stayed in , and loves . i will then have a direct , big city four seasons comparison . 
got an excellent deal on hotels . com a few months back . rooms were stately and huge ( living room area with chairs and couch and separate dining room table ) . kitchenette with amenities . big bedroom with full bath and a half-bath between living room and bedroom . complimentary breakfast was tasty and filling . only N per night for a roll-away . elevators are quite slow , the only drawback . located near the lake and close to the magnificent mile . 
although i have lived in chicago for years and occasionally spend a weekend downtown , i was unaware of this little gem . the hotel is well-located to attractions , shopping , and restaurants . the decor is elegant and modern . the lounge area with the compimentary wine hour in the evenings and the coffe tea service in the mornings is a nice touch . we had booked a one-bedroom luxury suite and a double queen room for six women celebration a special birthday . one woman in our group is a frequent guest at this hotel so she was able to procure a very good rate . she also asked that special note be made of the birthday celebration and asked for wine and a small cake to be delivered to the room - not necessarily complimentary but to have these items available . by the day of check-in she had not heard back from the concierge and expressed her disappointment at the front desk . they quickly made amends by first , delivering wine , nuts , fruit , and chocolate-covered espresso beans . then at N , two excellent cheese plates were delivered . when we returned to the room after dinner , a small strawberry shortcake cake was waiting for us . we we also given an extra cot at no extra charge for the suite . the service , decor , and charm of this hotel will have me back for a repeat visit . 
i had my doubts about this hotel when i first blind booked through a third party site . the price was just a little too good and the location too perfect for it to be real . we breathed a sigh of relief when we walked into our room . upon arrival they " upgraded " us to a top floor , corner room and what an awesome room it was . we were staring right at the hancock building and lake michigan . for those of you planning a visit to the american girl store , you will be happy to know , it is half a block away and within view of the hotel . the beds were comfortable and not too small . the bathroom was very nice , updated and clean . the shower was a bit finicky but that is to be expected in an older building . and the room did have a slight musty odor upon arrival but that went away after a few hours - again , older building . the hotel staff was courteous and attentive . they were more than happy to point us in the direction of cheaper parking rather than pay for valet - they do not have a parking lot on site . there are plenty of shops and restaurants in the area as it is just off of michigan avenue . i would definitely stay there again . 
overall this hotel is nice . i agree with the previous reviewer who said the rooms are too dark to work . the rooms have no overhead lighting outside the bathroom and have just one lamp that is supposed to light the whole room , but does a poor job . there are three other lamps- one on the desk and two by the bed , but they are primarily made for reading , not illuminating the room . the exercise room was good , the staff was friendly . overall it was a fine hotel . my one gripe is with the room i was first given . it was room N . i ' m giving this just to warn others in case you get this room . there are very few rooms on the Nth floor , so i ' m betting the problem is with all of them . initially , i noticed that the room had two big spotlights outside the window that are used to illuminate the top of the building . i ' m sure it looks cool from outside , but it will force you to close those blinds ( therefore robbing you of your view ) because they are quite bright . not a huge deal- i just closed the blinds . the second problem i noticed was a banging noise that happened every minute or so . i ' m a sound sleeper , so didn ' t think it would bother me . but every N minutes or so there was a much louder bang rattling noise . it was loud enough to make me jump each time it happened . the first time i thought someone was breaking down the door to my room . i think it must have been noise from the mechanical room , which i noticed was also on the Nth floor . not being one to cause a fuss , i decided to try and deal with it . well , by Nam i was wide awake in my bed awaiting the next jarring bang ! i finally gave up and called the front desk around Nam and they were nice enough to give me another room . not sure what i would have done had the hotel been sold out because i could not have gotten a good night sleep with that noise . i can ' t imagine i ' m the only person who has had this experience with this room unless this was a temporary problem within their hotel . so my gripe here is that they put anyone in that room at all considering N of the population would have a very difficult time sleeping through the noise . so overall i ' d say it ' s a fine hotel as long as you don ' t stay on the Nth floor . or if you happen to notice a loud noise in your room , change rooms immediately . don ' t wait around hoping the noise will stop like i did . 
we stayed at the knickerbocker hotel from jun N-july N N . my first mistake was purchasing this hotel stay through hotwire , which i will never use their service again . don ' t get stuck at a place you can ' t get your money back . my second mistake was actually staying there . i can ' t believe they consider this hotel a N star hotel . whoever rated this hotel as such must have been drinking and smoking something . this is a solid N-star hotel . the rooms are extremely small and not well maintained . it ' s an old hotel so there is layer upon layer of paint on the walls and molding . at first we had a room with a queen bed , which gave us about N feet on each side . the bathroom door could touch the bed . only one person can fit in the bathroom . there is no place to put your toiletries because it ' s a single sink . the wallpaper was peeling in various places . then we moved to a room with a king bed . that was a little better a little more room . the decor was horrible . it looked as if they picked up the items from a flea market . now , the location is great . it ' s a N N block from michigan ave . , which was a plus . but , i do not recommend this hotel or hotwire . 
location was great for me , as my son lives around the corner ! nice little neighborhood area , lots of pubs , restaurants , theatre district nearby . i was a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews , and our initial reception wasn ' t very friendly , as we waited for over N minutes for valet parking . couldn ' t seem to get anyone ' s attention to leave the car . but adter that , it was a very nice experience and i will stay there again . concierges were super , room was lovely and well-appointed . only complaint about room was the feather pillows- i don ' t like them , asked for firmer pillow , but the maid brought more puffly pillows . bring your own if you like a firmer one ! but the bed was very firm , super comfortable . cool-lloking lobby , friendly staff , good value for the price . i ' ll stay again for sure . 
september N , N this was the first time i was in chicago . this was a very good experience . we got there before check in and they let us get into the room early . if we weren ' t able to they would allow you to store your luggage in a locked room before and after check out . the room was clean . the beds were comfortable . it has a large screen tv with hbo . the bathroom had a coffee pot , coffee , cream , sugar and cups . the ice machine was close by with reasonable priced pop . the closet had a iron and ironing board . it also stated that if you didn ' t remember to bring you razor , toothbrush , toothpaste etc . . they could provide it for you . the pool and whirlpool was inside and clean and with towels . the free breakfast was outstanding . it had homemade waffles , scrambled eggs , bacon , sausage , muffins , bagels , yogurt , fruit , coffee , cereal , tea and juices . the shower head had many settings and they provided shampoo and soap . it had a desk and chair in the room with free internet hookup . i was also very impressed on how nice the workers treated you . i felt it was necessary to let someone know . pros swimming pool , whirl pool , free awesome breakfast cons couldn ' t stay longer ! 
first , we chose the doubletree for and extended chicago weekend because we wanted to be close to public transportation , and to the downtown area . in addition we were confident that the doubletree brand would not have any unwanted surprises . we were not surprised ! the hotel is located a few blocks from the chicago river and the boat rides and a few blocks from navy pier . the concierge was extremely helpful when we needed information on using public transport to oak park ( home of the flwright museum ) and the university of chicago ( home of the robie house ) . he pointed us to the grocery store two blocks away where we bought all day subway bus passes which proved invaluable . the room itself was comfortable and fairly spacious . no complaints here . the only downside , as is often the case with higher-priced hotels , is that in-room wifi is N a day although its free in the hotel lobby . on the first day , the service kept cutting out , and , on check out , i mentioned this to the front desk and was immediately credited ! the view from our room was great and the lake is visible from most floors . there is an einstein bagel store in the lobby which proved immensely popular in the morning . be prepared for a bit of wait . one morning we ventured in the hotel restaurant for a typical , over-priced , breakfast . while seated , we could not help but notice the frequent arrival of natives chicagoans , across the street in a place called the west egg cafe . the line soon went out the door . we tried it the next day , and are delighted to report it was twice as good and half as expensive as the hotel ! don ' t miss this place for breakfast . all in all , a good choice . 
i stayed here for a conference in late april N . i liked the view from the hotel ( river view from the room , but a fabulous lake view from the elevator area ) . the hotel is shaped like a triangle from the sky , and this strange shape combined with the location of the elevator shafts made many rooms quite noisy . one of my colleagues had to ask to get his room moved at N am due to the noise of moving elevators . the beds were comfortable , and i liked having ihome to plug my ipod . while the lcd tv was nice , free channels did not contain any hd broadcast , and we all know how painful it is to watch sd broadcaston a hdtv . they also charge to use the fitness center , which seems quite outrageous . i also paid for the wifi access . 
i have previously stayed at this hotel and enjoyed it . i stayed about four or five years ago for my birthday and was really impressed . i felt then that it was well managed and well maintained , which is difficult for a hotel of this size and capacity . this time around , i was also impressed overall ( although not very impressed by the rooms , somewhat dated , although nothing major , and they are fine given that you dont spend the bulk of your time in chicago in the room ) . the hotel itself seems very well maintained and has a lot of amenities ( business center , a few restaurants , bars , great location on the river , pool , parking ( although a rip off at N when you can go next door , literally , for N ) and nice views . overall , for the price in chicago i would rate this hotel pretty well , and it should be noted that i am pretty picky when it comes to hotels ! this hotel has a great fitness center overlooking the river ! the pool is okay , i never understand why hotels have pools and not hot tubs . . . this hotel does not have a hot tub , that would be a nice addition if they did . overall the hotel is nice , well kept and staff seemed friendly . the one complaint i have is that on a sunday morning starting pretty early around N or N am , the cleaning staff were being particularly loud in our hallway . i thought it was a group of hotel guests and was getting seriously annoyed , but was extremely surprised to find out that it was the cleaning crew that worked for the hotel . that was pretty irritating . the cleaning staff we did encounter were really nice , but might want to be a little more cognizant of the fact that guests want to relax and sleep in on vacation sometimes ! also , the tub in our bathroom did not work , it was stuck on the shower setting , and when i tried to run a bath , the tub spout almost came out of the wall ( i meant to tell front desk but did not get a chance ) might be time for an upgrade to the rooms sheraton , otherwise , well done hotel , especially such a large property ! lastly , i must mention , we ate sunday brunch in the hotel and it was seriously awesome , the chefs who made our omelets and crepes at the create your own bars were so enthusiastic and fun , and the food was great , a ton to offer . almost as good as the breakfast buffets on our honeymoon in bora bora , which is a major accolade for those of you who have never been to bora bora . nice work on the buffet . again have to say the staff were very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful here ! 
we held our annual user conference at the allerton hotel . the staff is attentive and the hotel seems to have low turnover as we see the same faces year-to-year . the food is excellent and the rooms are small but well appointed . 
the people were very friendly , rooms were comfortable , clean and of modern european style . the location is very good . i would have given it a N rating but for the following N . close to a busy hospital ( ambulance sirens at odd hours of the night ) . N . one of the elevators was not working when i checked in on a sat until i left on a tues . had to use the freight elevator both times . N . had a smoke alarm battery beep at N a . m . ( just as i was falling back to sleep after an ambulance siren woke me up ) . the front desk did not have replacement batteries but she did come up to remove the unit so i could get some sleep . i would recommend this place if you are not a light sleeper . 
this is our second stay at this hotel . the location is perfect for anything you want to do in downtown chicago . the staff are all very friendly , the rooms clean and very secure . the complimentary breakfast is far more than just a danish and coffee . . . there was a nice selection of fresh fruit , yogurt , cereal , fresh waffles and beverages . the dining area was very clean . the complimentary high-speed wireless internet was a nice bonus . we will certainly be back ! 
we stayed at the hyatt for six days . their service was efficient and courteous . the room was new and clean . it was spacious and had two double beds . the room looked just like the picture of a double bed room on the hotel ' s website . we enjoyed a comfortable stay . no complaints ! the fan in the bathroom was running all night long and was noisy . i did not bring the problem to the attention of the hotel . the following nights , i simply closed the bathroom door so i won ' t hear the on going noise from the bathroom fan . the fan kept the bathroom dry . no moisture or fogged up mirror . the sleep quality rating i gave had to do with the fan noise . 
have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted . great bar ( draught stella and guinness ) which was being upgraded at the end of march when i was last there , good food , lovely staff , large clean rooms , comfortable beds , spot on location for the golden mile , joey ' s pizzas next door are fantastic . ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please . highly recommended
i was a little hesitant to book a room here after reading the reviews , but decided that the location would make up for any problems . a year ago i stayed downtown and was very unimpressed with one of the five stars . the reception i received was very nice . the staff at the desk were very helpful and answered all of my many questions pleasantly . they even did some investigation for me when i asked about a specific church ( where my parents were married N years ago ) . my blind father and i were given a rather nice room , and the bathroom was huge ! we had a small coffee maker and a refrigerator . the room was clean . the decor is definitely old , but charming . the beds were comfortable and clean . i was very pleased not to have feathers in the room ( allergy which i made note of on my reservation ) . we had many channels on the tv to choose from . we did not need to use the window air conditioner . breakfast was free . . . and , considering , not bad . it is a self-serve style buffet . if you want eggs , bacon , waffles , etc . , they were available , but you had to microwave them yourself . bagels , muffins , donuts , cereal , coffee , tea , juices , etc . were all there for you . the breakfast room was very pleasant and clean . the attending staff were pleasant . i accidentally dropped a whole cup of juice . . . they rushed over to clean up my spill and just would not hear of it when i tried to clean it up myself . fresh fruit was available in the lobby N hours day , along with coffee and tea . cookies were available in the afternoon . internet access was available . . . free connection in the lobby , a free computer also available . i don ' t understand why internet access in the rooms incurred a charge . all staff were aware that my dad was blind , and they were very kind and helpful when he was navigating the hotel alone . parking was right outside the lobby door , and a back-up garage was available if the parking lot was full . i did not need to use the garage . sadly , this hotel is scheduled for demolition in three or four years and will probably be replaced with something outrageously expensive . overall , this hotel was just what we needed . not fancy , but nice people , clean surroundings , safe , and in an excellent location . 
we come to chicago once a year for a romantic get away . the talbott is our favorite hotel so far . you get the same amenities as " bigger names " , but with a price that is very reasonable and a cozier atmosphere . location is great , staff helpful and friendly . i personally love a smaller hotel that is quaint and high quality . highly recommend for those looking for the same . 
room very comfortable ( esp . after long flight ) . reception staff most helpful to N strangers to chicago , and breakfast bar excellent . easy walking distance or public transport to everywhere we wanted to go . 
stayed here on a travelzoo deal and during the taste of chicago . we came from mi city on the south shore train as to save on parking fees , which the station is about N blocks away . the el train system is also very close N-N blocks to several stations . very good location for our use . N block from the river , our room had river views out N sets of windows . also a good view of the new trump tower and the intesection of michigan ave and wacker . the room was about as big as you get in chicago , with new stuff in all the right places , N tvs and a washer and dryer . . no frills but very nice and not up tight . only complants was the tv in the bedroom only got N channels , but whos watching tv in the bedroom in downtown chicago anyways , and also N of the N elevators didnt work for the first N hrs we were there , causing a wait sometimes . would stay and recommend for the average person not looking for N star service but wanting a N star room . 
great location , very clean , and helpful staff . what more can i say ? 
stayed there for a tradeshow . hotel lobby looks more like an airport or factory . i don ' t know if all the rooms were as terrible as in the east tower , but i asked N times for another room and N times i got the same poor quality the rooms are very old ( old carpet , yellow curtains , dirty windows ) and the bathroom hasn ' t been upgraded since a long time . although the view ( on the lake ) was great , the rest was just horrible the doors have an opening of around N cm ' s between door and carpet ( no need to say you have the impression to sleep in the corridor ) and the old airco systems had to be turned down because of the noice . the breakfast room ( hall ) is not cozy , the bar is nice but expensive . i ' ll never go back ! ! ! ! ! 
others have made most of the points , so i won ' t belabor it . . . but when i walked in ( wearing dress shirt , sweater , and khakis ) at Npm on a weeknight there was some sniffing that i wasn ' t dressed properly . nothing wrong with this hotel , but nothing to blow me away . and the snobbishness is unnecessary . my room had a lovely view of another indistinguished building N feet away , which isn ' t the worst i ' ve had , but was hoping for a better view given the building height . 
great hotel in heart of chicago for business or pleasure . rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large . flat screen tvs , marble baths , all rooms are suites , great desk , kitchenette , comfortable bed , free wireless internet . . . everything you could ask for . location is easy walk to magnificient mile and lots of great restaurants . staff is friendly and helpful . short cab ride to loop . 
arrived at the westin and was treated to a beautiful room with a view of michigan avenue . service was great and the location could not have been better - it is steps away from world class shopping , dining and many architectural gems . while all staff members were gracious and helpful , ashley stood out . she was so focused on helping making the most of my visit she referred my companions and me to a an absolutely wonderful restaurant . she also arranged for a slightly later check out which really helped me out and saved me time . the room and bed were very comfortable . thanks to everyone at the westin for making this trip so delightful . 
i can ' t say enough good things about this hotel ! we were lost in the parking lot and a very kind man pointed us the way out . he was the manager off duty ! a very sweet maid greeted us on the way to our room . the room was very nicely decorated and very quiet . at breakfast the next morning the room was packed but the staff was so quick and friendly the tables were ready right away . i would stay here again ! 
the hotel staff at front desk was super , the only reason why i did not lower the score more . xavier , was pleasant cordial both days . the lobby with the big pumpkins . . . lovely . they offer free breakfast , but i didn ' t try it . it is a close enough walk to magnificent mile , close enough walk to the gold coast , and wacker drive . down side , the little guy with the glasses the worked in the bar , i observed him being rude snotty to everyone . poor customer relations . my room , it was big , roomy , the living room area was nice , however the bathroom . . . uuhh the tub needed to be recoated , the toilet paper holder was stuck in a hole in a wall , with a piece of soap wrapper to keep it place , the view . . . a parking garage and i guess dumpsters . oh and if you need to go to the airport in the morning . . . . contact a sedan car service ! ! ! ! the under N miles to chicago o ' hare took N hour N minutes . . . and that is after the actual N minutes it took to get a cab to agree to take us , they would stop and ask , " airport ? " we say yes and they just drive off , really ? i was afraid i was going to miss my flight . we had to hide our luggage behind the planters for the cabs to even pull over . the nice door guy tried so hard too ! so what happened ? i arrived at the airport ( i was checked in online ) slightly under the N minutes to drop off my one checked bag , so i had to reschedule my flight to N Npm or beg to see if my bag would make it then hustle to my gate . i have been to chi N times . it is a lot of work and nothing to do but eat , shop , and go to museums . just be prepared . . . it is not as simple as nyc or la . imo
i arrived by taxi from the airport very late at night . the reservation was ok , check in without problems . the suite was perfect place to stay and work , good light , very comfortable bed and enough space for me . the small kitchenette worked well , restaurant offerred all i needed and the location is great for all downtown access . highly recommend to use this hotel . 
this was the Nnd best hotel i ' ve stayed in in chicago ( only Nnd to the hilton towers south michigan ave ) . prior to arrival i emailed the room coordinator and requested a two bed two bath non somking room and was granted my request within an hour ! no problems even thought we got the room for only N through priceline . this is a huge bargain rooms usually begin at just under N and can go up to N . all of the hotel staff was extremely pleasant and helpful . they never passed us by without saying hello . the lobby is magnificent and the hotel is located in an ideal location in the loop . just a N . N cab ride from union station . the room was exceptionally clean . the hilton beds are extremely comfortable . the wall paper in the bathroom was quite outdated but goes with the theme of the older hotel . the only other draw back was the bathroom mirror is small but we had two bathrooms so we had no problem getting ready in the morning , we were sad to have to leave the palmer and can ' t wait to go back . 
let me say up front that the swanky , loud , disco lobby was way not for us . much to much going on there , lobby restaurant was average at the very best . but , but . we got a great rate and our , room , bed and bathroom were among the very finest that we have ever stayed in . the bed was supercomfortable , the bathroom was spa like . in general the room had a feeling of relaxed elegance . we would stay here again despite the disco lobby . housekeeping satff was awesome . 
there was a group of N that travelled to chicago recently and spent N nights at the allegro . we all loved it from the friendly service when we checked in to the very helpful concierge . the rooms were small but fine . the location was perfect . we walked to the magnificent mile . . . to the sears tower and took a boat tour on the chicago river . i would definitely go back to the allegro . . . they also had a wine hour every night . very enjoyable trip . 
if you take a trip to chicago , definitely consider staying here . i have stayed in various hotels throughout chicago over N years and this was my favorite hotel because of the staff , location , and overall value . below are the highlights staff -- extremely helpful and knowledgeable . it ' s been a year since i regularly stayed in this hotel and the doorman remembered who i was . the front desk staff was efficient and courteous . we were flying in to meet family and friends so i just found danita ' s email and asked for her help . she was amazing and professional throughout the entire process . in a hotel with a thousand rooms she provided bed and breakfast quality attention . location -- perfect location to easily get around chicago . walking distance to some of our favorite restaurants ( volare , quartino , west egg cafe , yolk ) , navy pier , michigan avenue , and even a free shuttle bus to a casino ! rooms facility -- the beds were very comfortable and even better than i remember . they had just replaced them when i was leaving . the bars and restaurants in the hotel are convenient . 
we booked the american girl package . our cost for N nights for N double beds was over N dollars . our room was supposed to be upgraded , but did not seem that terrific to me . the beds were comfortable , the room was small and outdated . the bathroom was in need of a remodel . the room was a really standard room . there is an expensive mini bar , took some things out , to put some of my things in , ( then put their things back before we left . --nothing perishable ) we did get valet parking included , and a fold out bed for the doll , which my daughter liked . she also got some cupcakes and milk . this hotel is in a great location , you can easily walk to michigan ave and the all important american girl store . there is a mcdonalds in easy walking distance if you have kids . if i was able to get this hotel for N dollars a night , i would take it . but not for what we paid . just too expensive for what you get . there are other hotels in the same area , would check them out first . my daughter did use the pool , the pool was nice , but the air temperature in the pool area was stifling hot , no air circulation , so unless you were in the pool it was uncomfortable . i am glad we got an opportunity to stay in this hotel . it was fun to stay in the city . 
we stayed at the crown plaza for two days . the location was great , right off of michigan street , close to everything . the room was great , the service was great . the only advice i can give is to make sure you read the note on the refrigerator , if you store your own food in it you will be charged a N . N fee . . 
this hotel is absolutely brilliant . only stayed here one night , but everything was spot on . they had a courtyard outside of the hotel so you could relax in the cool september air and soak in the " hustle and bustle " of chicago . it was great ! ! ! i would recommend this hotel to anyone needing a nice and upscale place to stay . it ' s worth it . 
lovely remodeled rooms with two comfy lounge chairs . no flat-screen , but i ' m sure that will come . very friendly and helpful staff . trendy , good restaurant . reasonable prices and walk to buddy guy ' s and jazz club . a little far from the north circle action , but on a quiet street and easy access to the el or busses . large room . twin sinks are nice . 
i have stayed here N nights . if you look for an inexpensive place at a central location , then this is the place for you . the room is your standard motel room ( i booked on their website paid only N night ) , if a bit outdated . parking is free , and while i was there ( thursday friday nights ) finding a free spot was never a problem . also , i didn ' t worry about safety , as the staff are watching closely who is entering the premises . . 
the palmer house is located in the city of chicago , il . the rooms here are all first rate-although prices are high there are times when you can get great deals-during holiday seasons , and other promotional deals . the lobby of this hotel is unbelievable ! ! ! ! ! just sitting at the bar having a drink is an incredible experience . at christmas and before , the famous christmas tree is put up-really puts you in the spirit . 
stayed here over labor day N . had free hotel points to use . great location right off magnificent mile . walking distance to navy pier as well ( half mile or so ) . there are better hotel options but it served its purpose . small rooms , and hotel has some age . small hotel bar in lobby and coffee shop connected . very small elevators so beware . nice balcony on upper floor with great views . have to walk a little ways for dinning options , none onsite . 
this hotel is by far one of our favorites in chicago . then again how couldn ' t it be . . . every time you walk in the door they offer you hot cookies ! it is fun , hip and luxurious without any pretense . the view from the rooftop bar is wonderful ! plus it ' s location right on state street is amazing ! don ' t think twice . . . stay there ! 
this is a great hotel with some amazing views of the lake and the river . of course , with the building boom in chicago , you also get a view into several construction sites , quite fascinating . the room has all you would expect from a business hotel and the bed is to die for ! ! ! but i don ' t believe it ' s worth the regularly advertized price . . . so be sure to hold out for discount rates . while we were there the elevators kept malfunctioning , often leaving people stranded on their floor during the moring check-out rush . i was also disappointed that their shower product bottles were not recyclable , indicating a serious lack of basic corporate environmental responsibility . 
we booked a room on the N ' th of may for one night at the avenue crowne plaza in downtown chicago . the reason we chose this hotel was that it was a special occasion for us and we wanted to stay in an excellent hotel and the reviews for your hotel were good . but once we checked in , we were very disappointed with the level of service provided to us . the receptionist who checked us in , a woman named arta , was very impolite and did not even have the courtesy to give us a smile . we had booked the room using a friend and family quote and she made us feel as if we had done something wrong by using a coupon provided by your hotel itself . after booking the rooms on the internet we had placed a request the the rooms be close to each other and preferable on a higher floor as it was our first time in chicago and we would have liked a nice view . when we checked in , arta said she did not receive any request and gave us what was available . when we went to see the rooms , we were very disappointed . one of the rooms ( N ) were still ok , but the other one ( N ) was much smaller , dirtier and had a broken fridge . we went down to the receptionist and when we told her we did not like the room , she gave us attitude and said " whats wrong with the room ? its a nice room . " she offered us another room but it turned out that it was a similar room on a floor that was much lower than our friends ' rooms . so we decided to stay in the original room , even though we were not comfortable there . we were highly disappointed with the overall experience , from check in to check out . we spent extra money because we wanted to stay in the crowne plaza and experience a different level of comfort but after this experience , i feel we would be better off staying in a days inn or a motel N that would have the same level of service but at least a lower price . 
as others have mentioned , the location can ' t be beat . we stayed three nights , june N-N . hotel has gone down a bit since i stayed last year ( june N ) . i am a priority club member but didn ' t really get anything from the intercontinental to show for it , not even a newspaper outside the door . had requested a room with a view and thought it would be fairly easy since it was the weekend . the room faced a construction site so most of our view was of the cranes outside . don ' t know why they couldn ' t have done better since hotel was not that crowded . they did put us in a king-size , as requested , but the very small room made it seem quite cramped . other minor annoyances included a bathroom exhaust fan that didn ' t work ( steam took forever to dissipate making shaving etc . next to impossible ) and toilet that wouldn ' t flush unless you held down handle for whole cycle . another minor peeve was the very strict instructions from the pool gym attendant to shower before using the pool . i have no problem with this , but the pool was filled with kids and during the times i was there i didn ' t see one of them ever leave to go use the bathroom , so you can only imagine ! hotel staff were polite but not particularly accommodating . at checkout , they noted it but weren ' t too concerned when i told them bathroom needed some maintenance . i will definitely look elsewhere next time i ' m in chicago . 
chicago is gorgeous and there are numerous great hotels . the best is the peninsula . the location is perfect , right off michigan and in the midst of everything . the entrance does not completely portray the beauty of the hotel , as you leave your luggage , and take the elevator to the lobby level . then , it begins--a beautiful arcade hallway , leading to the concierge and reception , with a continental restaurant serving three meals and afternoon tea and the best sunday brunch . they also had a talented three piece jazz band on saturday night . down a flight is a top chinese restaurant , and in the building is a french brasserie . the decorating is absolutely first rate , and then there are the rooms . we were fortunate to get their N for N deal , and also an upgrade to a suite , which included a complimentary mini cooper with driver . the bathrooms are large and perfect , there is a dressing room and closets and drawers , and the beds and furnishings are comfortable and lovely . my granddaughter began saic , which is the art school attached to the beautiful art museum down the street , and i also met with specialist doctors at northwestern medical down the street . simply , a great weekend at a truly great hotel . 
the hotel is really well located for exploring chicago being less than half a mile from the magnificent mile and millenium park . we stayed in a king spa room on the Nth floor which overlooked the river and didn ' t suffer from the noise issues other people have mentioned . the room was a good size with a huge bath tub and separate shower . the staff were really friendly and helpful . there are some negatives though . housekeeping was a bit hit and miss with basic things like toilet rolls not replaced and one day the room didn ' t get cleaned at all . you shouldnt have to phone up and remind them to do these things when you ' re paying over N a night . the room is pretty pricey so you would expect it to have everything you need . however , toiletries in the bathroom weren ' t enough for N people and there was no bath gel provided which , given the bath is the main reason why you ' d book the spa room , this seemed a bit tight . the hotel seemed to charge a lot for things other comparable hotels would provide for free such as web access and bottles of water . also , there ' s a N restocking charge for the mini bar even if you just take one item out of it . we ate in the hotel restaurant and the first time our waiter was brilliant , very accommodating and helpful . the second time however the service was poor with the waitress bringing out our main courses N mins after bringing out our starters and trying to cram them on the table , and forgot to pick up our drinks order from the bar so we had to fetch them ourselves . didnt eat there again after that . it ' s a great hotel but for the price there probably are better places to stay . 
i stayed here when i attended a conference in chicago . the location is hard to beat , and that ' s about all i can say about this hotel . amenities and service were almost non-existent . no breakfast ( no restaurant , even ) , no free in-room internet , no fitness facility ( for that you need to pay N day and walk three blocks to the doubletree ) . i couldn ' t even find an ice machine ! i had to go to the hotel bar for ice . the bartender begrudgingly fulfilled my request for a wineglass ( " once i give these out , they never come back . " ) there was supposedly a part-time concierge , but one never seemed to be at the desk . my bed was comfortable , and the room clean and basic . no complaints there . the air-conditioner , however , was horribly loud and cycled on and off every N minutes . i could not run it at night and sleep . the bathroom was ridiculously small , and the sink placed so that it partially blocked the doorway . there was also mold on the wall and ceiling . i didn ' t have any problems with the check-in staff , and i found the bellhops to be very helpful . all in all , i wouldn ' t stay here again . 
personal trainer sam great people skills and training skills concierge dianne and lisa very helpful , housekeeping lady very nice - complemented us on our room
i would definitely recommend hotelN . it was clean , rooms were spacious nice . staff was friendly , our room was cleaned daily no matter what time we left . didn ' t have to wait terribly long for elevators because there are N for bottom floors N for upper floors . the hotel is very centrally located . only thing i would have liked is to have a fridge and personal safe in room . also very happy with purchasing in advance through skoosh , got the room we were promised at a good price ! 
i am a gold member to several different hotels including hilton , marriot so to say the least i spend a lot of times in hotels . i would rank this much higher than the top N in chicago . if you are lucky enough to get a river view you will be treated to a great room with a view , i am sure the other sides are good . the service is fantastic ! from the front desk to the concierge each of the staff act as if they own the hotel and want you to enjoy your stay . i cannot wait to get back and spend another night . also be sure to look for deals as this hotel does offer some specials from time to time . but even at their regular rates the hotel is worth it . give it a try . 
we have stayed at this hotel a number of times and remain impressed with the staff and service . although the breakfast line can be long the wait isn ' t long , the manager ' s reception is fantastic after a long day of meetings , shopping or sightseeing ! the rooms are spacious and comfortable . i will return again and again ! 
we stayed at the inn of chicago on two different trips . we were happy with our experience both times . the location is perfect for shopping and going to tourist sites . it ' s a great place to crash when visiting a great city ! 
this hotel met every expectation . we are " country " coming to a big city but the employees made my wife and i feel at home . we were close to everything around downtown chicago . this is a great place to stay and as usual , embassy suites was a Nst class place to stay . thanks you employees we will be back ! 
i booked this hotel by accident thinking it was as different one ( long and not particularly interesting story ! ) , and ended up very pleased with it . it ' s excellent value for money . my room was very large , with a separate sitting area with comfortable chairs and coffee table , and the sleeping area itself was also large , with a work desk . the room came with free wired internet access ( cabling supplied ) which was very much appreciated . the bathroom was also good with a large , deep bath . everything was spotlessly clean . the room was warm and quiet . the staff i came into contact with ( todd on front desk and sandra ( i think ) at breakfast were friendly , welcoming and helpful , which does add so much to a hotel stay . the price tells you that this is not a luxury hotel , but i think that you get far more for your money here than the price suggests . there are obviously frills you don ' t get , but they are really not an issue . there is no coffee maker in the room ( although there are water cups ) , but there is a cafe on the ground floor . frankly i ' d rather have it that way and get the free in-room internet access than pay the extortionate daily internet rate that so many more expensive hotels charge . the hotel is not central and there ' s not too much around it ( although i understand it ' s handy for the conference centre and chinatown ) , but there is a bus ( no . N ) which leaves for downtown directly opposite the hotel and drops you back off right in front of the hotel . it leaves every N mins , costs N . N for a single ride and got me from the hotel to the art institute in around N mins . i found it super-handy and it made not being located in central downtown a complete non-issue . as well as the cafe there is a restaurant and bar . i only used the restaurant for breakfast - warning breakfast portions are large ! i ordered more items than i could eat , thinking they ' d be much smaller . all well cooked . breakfast is ordered a la carte , rather than buffet , and is reasonably priced . i wasn ' t in a hurry , which was fine , but if you are expecting a dash-in , dash-out buffet option , you should probably leave a bit more time than you would normally . sandra was an excellent hostess . so , overall it ' s not a luxury hotel , but it doesn ' t provide budget-level service or accommodation . the staff is friendlier and more helpful and the rooms bigger , cleaner and better equipped than i ' ve had in many far more expensive hotels . 
our four days in chicago were great and the hotel was fantastic . everyone was helpful and very kind . our room was clean and cozy . it was a tad small but we didn ' t mind because it made up for the lack of space in other ways . we just had a fantastic time in chicago and the helpful staff made it more enjoyable . would book with them in a heart beat again ! ! ! ! ! 
just spent two nights at the james . loved it ! let me just say that the staff are outstanding . . . and that is the entire staff . the location is perfect for anything that you want to do downtown . weather was so nice that we walked down to the theatre district . . . nice N minute walk . just steps from michigan ave . lots of restaurants close by . ate at the hotel restaurant . . . . david burke ' s primehouse for dinner and breakfast . both times it was great - again the staff at the restaurant were outstanding . when we arrived at the hotel ( early ) they had a room ready . it had two double beds , but i preferred a king . . . . no problem - they gave me an upgraded room at no cost . great boutique hotel . this is the first time i stayed at the james - it will not be my last . 
breakfast the breakfast buffet was amazing , self serve hot line ( eggs , bacon ) and made to order omelets . N-N different types of donuts pastries . fruit was typically bananas , oranges , and cantalope or watermelon . pancakes with syrup or blueberries also available . cereal , yogurt , and granola also available . very impressed with food quality and selection for a free included breakfast . room living area of suite very spacious . rooms have microwave and fridge . bed very comfortable , pillows were the only negative - but they were pretty standard for hotels these days - down pillows that are very soft squishy where your head sinks into the pillow . service guest check in great job , also provided a free surprise dessert treat in our room upon arrival for my husband ' s birthday . concierge - not available after Npm . - ( we did not get much help regarding touristy attraction info - which seems like an everyday concierge request . we actually stopped in another hotel and received the help we needed . overall - despite negative opportunities listed we would definitely stay here again . the rooms were quiet and clean , bed very comfortable , breakfast was excellent and this was about N blocks north of the canal and N blocks west of navy pier . great hotel convenient location . 
i stayed at this property for N nights . it was centrally located in downtown chicago . the staff was warm friendly . i had a long trip the front desk made sure my room was ready when i checked it . the price was very affordable for a business person . would definitely stay again . 
the hotel had a couple things going for it including location ( only a short walk away from millennium park and navy pier , not terribly far from michigan avenue shopping ) , a courteous and prompt valet staff , and it was relatively quiet . beyond that i don ' t think it was worth the price paid . upon check-in they didn ' t have the type of room that i had originally booked . i wasn ' t willing to shell out more cash for an upgrade so i was forced to settle for a room that didn ' t really suit me . the woman at the front desk didn ' t seem very sympathetic to this and was clearly irritated by my inquiries as to why my room wasn ' t available or if they could do anything for me . also , while it was to be expected , any extras were steep . valet , room service , minibar , pool fitness center , and so on . i ' ll admit that i ' m not used to staying at nicer hotels but some of the charges seemed over-the-top . i suppose i would have understood if the hotel wasn ' t so underwhelming as a whole -- the lobby , the rooms , etc . everything was so bland ( design-wise especially ) , i really was expecting more based on the prices . on the bright side , the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was nice ( a variety of toiletries were offered and the fixtures seemed newer ) . so , after walking around the city and seeing all the places i could have booked , i was pretty bummed . i ' d research all your downtown hotel options if you have time because there ' s plenty better than this one . 
i had a wonderful stay here and was surprised to find this hotel to be very glam . the bed was beyond comfortable , room service very efficient , front desk staff friendly and a great value to boot . and it is walkable to everywhere in the city . 
i booked our N night stay at the allerton through their website and got a king bed room for N night . i would suggest flying there if possible because parking is N day . ( most of the downtown chicago hotels have crazy parking fees ) N . great location - right in front of crate and barrel on michigan ave . seriously , for the price you can ' t beat the location . N . water pressure - not so good , but it is an older hotel . N . decor was very nice and the hotel was very clean . N . yes , folks the elevators are slow and hit or miss . N . new fitness center with new equipment on the Nth floor that has a view of the city . N . easy check in and check out - we were able to check in at Nam because our flight was early and we requested it . N . the biggest downfall of this hotel is the fact that you can hear everything that is going on in the hallways or your neighbors room . some dumb guy was talking on his cell phone in the hallway at Nam and i had to open my door and tell him to shut up because i heard every word he was saying . that was the most frustrating part of all . N . hotel restaurant is very expensive and not worth the price . check out bice an italian place right down the street that was fantastic and reasonably priced . overall - i would certainly stay here again but for only a few days . there is a walgreens about N blocks away if you are worried about snacks or pop . 
what a wonderful experience . my first stay at this hotel started after midnight on N N N . i had worked over N hours and just needed to sleep before returning to work early on N N N . what a pleasant surprise to find that the prior reviews were all on the mark . i was made to feel as a guest , not any easy chore for the hotel based on my mood . to be so well treated made the stress of the day disolve . there are many reasons this hotel is so highly rated . you owe it to yourself to stay here . 
if money is no object , then i ' d recommend the hilton chicago . however , most people would be concerned with such things which is why i don ' t recommend it . this is not an inexpensive hotel to begin with , but what you don ' t initially realize is that nothing is included . internet is not included , among other things , and parking costs N per day ! ! ! i believe there was cheaper parking in the area , but we checked in so late at night that we couldn ' t spend time searching . also , the shower was plugged up and drained slowly , the hairdryer was broken and the tv remote didn ' t work . just a lot of little things wrong with the room that you ' d think they ' d check once in a while . on the bright side , the staff was courteous and helped us with some of our problems . also , the hotel is very old fashioned looking , yet updated and clean . it ' s really a beautiful hotel . overall , i just have a hard time recommending it because of what you get for the money along with the issues we had . 
the allegro is in a great location downtown in the theater district ( next to the cadillac palace theater ) and just south of state street and millennium park ( on michigan ave ) . the lobby reception area is really nice and big and is a great location for their free wine tastings in the afternoon . they also give complimentary coffee and tea in the mornings . check-in was easy and everyone was friendly . we had a king premier room and we were a little disappointed paying extra for this room . the room is very large and very clean nice , but the bathroom is small . the sink area has very little counter space which is a rarity in downtown chicago hotels . the toilet and sink are also very close together . also , we faced a brick wall and had absolutely no view out of our windows . again , for a king premier that was disappointing . overall , i would recommend the hotel , but i ' d suggest not upgrading to the supposedly nicer rooms . granted , i don ' t know how small the bathrooms are in the less expensive rooms , but it ' s hard to imagine that they could be much smaller . there is a parking lot for N for N hours on the corner of randolph and wells ( just west of the hotel ) . i ' m not sure how much valet parking costs at the hotel , but N night is a pretty good price in downtown chicago . 
stayed here for N nights in august with mom and daughter . . . . room was very nice , no problems with housekeeping . we did hear sirens , but once asleep they certainly didn ' t wake us . concierge was very helpful ! ! room was very good sized and bathroom was huge ! location was N block off of michigan -- well within walking distance to many sites . got a very reasonable rate off of expedia . would stay here again ! ! ! 
the conrad is in a great spot , a quick walk to shopping , restaurants , the river and much more . it ' s quite nice , updated and xtremely clean . the lobby area ( on the Nth floor ) is open and has a good size lounge , terrace rooftop ( in nice weather ) and a restaurant . everything you need if you don ' t have time to venture out too far . the hotel is also attached to the mall across the street . i had a corner room that had windows on two walls . the room was huge , especially for a downtown location . ample space to spread out plus a comfy chair and ottoman , and a good size work desk . the bed was incredibly comfortable and the choice of pillows make a huge difference when trying to get a perfect night ' s sleep . the bathroom was also huge and they thought of everything in case you forgot something . on my last morning , i wanted to print my boarding pass and found they have a computer kiosk near the atm . icons for all the major airlines ready to go . they really pay attention to the little details that make things convenient and extra simple for their guests . i will definitely stay at the conrad again . 
our living social deal was a fantastic value already , enhanced by the friendly efficient service and lovely surroundings of the allerton hotel . check-in was quick , even though there was a line . the bell boys got us cabs quickly and our car was retrieved in N N the time we were told to expect . i love a hotel where the rooms are not cookie-cutters , and this was the case at the allerton . my only complaints were a noisy heating system when it cycled on and less-than-luxurious towels . 
from being greeted upon arrival to the outstanding service of the housekeeping department , and one housekeeper in particular ( irene mendoza ) , we were totally satisfied . had business meetings on the Nth floor which were excellent . 
we have tried many hotels in chicago all well located and comfortable . the westin michigan has the best location almost by the lake , right on michigan avenue by its best shops . we will definitely come back . hotel lobby is nice and comfortable , rooms were spacious ( for a big city ) and beds were heavenly . coffee in the hall in the mornings is a great touch . 
we took the train into chicago for a weekend of fun and found our accomodations to be absolutely wonderful ! we walked from millenium park train station to the hotel and found it to surpass our expectations . the embassy suites is N blocks from the center of activity on michigan avenue the magnificent mile ! the hotel is nicely centered with many eateries , shops etc nearby . the room was large and very clean , the complimentary breakfast was outstanding , including made to order omlets ! the breakfast was a great way to start the busy day and the managers cocktail get together was a relaxing opportunity around Npm before heading back out for dinner ! all of the staff members were very friendly and helpful . we enjoyed every minute of our stay ! 
i ' ve stayed in several different hotels in chicago . this was the best location so far . the rooms were clean and comfortable , i really enjoyed the clean and spacious bathrooms . the staff at this hotel were very helpful , especially the doormen . i agree with the other reviewers that at least a bottle of water should be provided and the wifi should be free for all guest . stll , i highly recommend this hotel because of its excellent location and staff . 
got this room on priceline for a pretty good deal . the rooms were a little dated , but clean . the bathroom is extremely small ! and as another poster has noted the towels are not the softest . overall though , we enjoyed our stay here , especially considering we got a good deal on priceline . the location is great for shopping and we were there the first week in december , so we spent alot of time on michigan ave . loved chicago and look forward to returning . i would stay at this hotel again if i got a deal on priceline , don ' t think i would if i had to pay full price . 
we had a gold coast package which included parking and breakfast and a room on the Nth floor with a partial view of the lake . the hotel caters to business people but we were there for a vacation . the hotel was quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable . the only quibble we had was with the heat---i suspect it ' s controlled from the the front desk even though they made a big deal about how we had our own thermostat ( it never responded unless i called the front desk --- it was november and would get cold in the room ) . it ' s within easy walking distance from the visitor information center and the bus lines . the hotel staff was very helpful and the onsite restaurant bar was fine for breakfast or lunch . 
when booking our stay with the fairmont , we requested an early check in , as we wanted to ditch our luggage and get straight to the taste ! we stepped into the beautiful lobby and we checked in , but our room was not quite ready . we were told we could wait , and they would call us on a cell phone as soon as it was ready . over an hour passed by , without a phone call . as the hour and a half mark approached we decided to ask about the status of our room . apparently it had been ready for quite some time and they had forgotten to call . . . ooops ! but we quickly got over the delay . the rooms were wonderfully decorated , with large bathrooms ! we also had the most wonderful view of downtown ! if you are looking for a nice hotel near both millennium park and grant park , this is a wonderful choice ! 
when we found a great deal via travelzoo for labor day weekend , we pounced on N rooms for our family . turns out it was not just a nice hotel but the staff was super friendly and the location was quite convenient to navy pier , millenium and grant parks , the magnificent mile , and plenty of other sites that we walked to during our holiday stay . we had asked for rooms near each other on the same floor but ended up getting adjoining rooms so that was awesome . we ate in the main lobby restaurant a couple of times in the morning ( for convenience more than anything else ) and though it was just a bit pricey the food was terrific and the breakfast buffet plentiful and quite tasty . my only nit-pick is the N day for internet - c ' mon folks , that ' s a bit absurd ! ! thank goodness the parking was free as part of our booking . i would stay here again in a heartbeat . great experience . 
i recently traveled to chicago with a friend to catch a cubs game . we originally made a reservation at the marriott o ' hare directly across from this hotel on the other side of the highway . we changed our reservation and stayed at the renaissance instead since the marriott had some construction going on within the pool whirlpool areas . the check in time was speedy and the front desk employees were all pleaseant and quite upbeat . the hotel has a very spacious , modern and inviting lobby area . lots of leg room and some really comfortable sitting spots . our room was unusually large in comparison to most hotels that i have stayed at within the same general area . the room was in very good and clean condition . the bed was very comfortable and the refrigerator in the room was a great addition to the ammenities and sure kept our beverages cold . the hotel has a really spacious swimming pool and a pretty nice whirlpool as well . my only complaint was the water temperature of the whirlpool was luke warm at best . i contacted the front desk and the temperature was much better later that day . it is nice to know that complaints and feedback do actually get taken care of quickly . well anyways , this hotel is extremely convenient for travel to see a cubs game . wrigley field is no more than N minutes away . the train station is less than a block away . it cost us N each for a pass to get us to and from the ballgame . the bell captain at the hotel gave us accurate diections by train and it turned out to be a great ballgame . go cubs ! ! i make sure that you check out ginos east for some super tasty chicago style pizza . it is across the highway and maybe a N minute drive . my only complaints about this hotel would be as follows . the hotel is off a main road and there is no sign at the roadway itself . we drove right past it . there is a dark colored hotel sign at the actual entry . however , it is somewhat challenging to read and did not appear to be well lit . unlike the other reviews , i expect and anticipate being charged to park my car at a hotel in the chicago area . however , the parking structure is incredibly busy at times at the spaces are unusually narrow . make sure that you are careful opening your doors . you don ' t want to hit the car next to you . i think that flat screen tv ' s would be a welcoming touch . thats it , overall beutiful hotel and really nice time to be had . my first time at a renaissance hotel and i will absolutely be back again ! 
great location . direct access to the mall . accross from joe ' s , one of the best restaurants in town . walking distance to blue chicago for great blues . 
this was a great hotel in terms of extra perks . . . i loved the hot breakfast in the morning and never encountered long lines . the manager ' s reception in evening with snacks and drinks was a huge bonus when i had to wait until late to go to a business dinner . the hotel is in a great location , within walking distance of great restaurants . the suite offered tons of room to get work done and relax . i ordered room service , it took about N minutes , but i enjoyed a hot and delicious meal . i utilized the valet parking in the basement , and was always able to get my car out quickly and easily . my only complaints were noise related . i was on the Nrd floor and the street below gets very busy and noisy early in the morning . i could also hear my neighbors through the walls . despite these setbacks , i would still stay here again ( but maybe request a higher room ) . 
my girlfriend and i had some time to kill so we decided to stay downtown prior to a long flight out the following day and enjoy some of the chicago flavor . i was a little concerned when the doorman was absent and i wondered if i ' d have to abandon the rental car at the curb to check in but another employee at the hotel stepped up and said that the doorman was detained but he would watch our car while we checked in . we checked in with no problems at all , dropped our luggage off and left to go see the city . we actually didn ' t get a lot of time to see the property and its amenities but the staff were very helpful and the room was clean . hope to come back to enjoy some of the other highlights the hotel has to offer , it seems to be very well kept . 
this is a historic hotel and the lobby is very nice - however , once you step into your room you realize that it needs major updating . the rooms are very old and not as clean as they should be . the tvs are ancient - for the first time ever , we didn ' t even bother turning it on . it was quite far from the beds and not a flat screen . the mattresses were old and flimsy . the whole ambience of the rooms was outdated and our room was very moist - the papers in our room even became damp . would choose a different hotel if you are staying downtown . they also charge you extra if you want to use the fitness center or internet . 
what a hotel treasure just south of the loop . the rooms are well appointed and the staff is extremely friendly and courteous - so much so that i was upgraded to a suite that was large enough to have a N-person party in . the restaurant was killer - i would eat there every night if i didn ' t have to meet business associates elsewhere . and the beer selection at the bar is one i have never seen - it is a beer connoisseur ' s dream . next time you ' re in chicago , make sure you stay at the hotel blake . oh , and did i mention that it ' s a great value , too ? 
we were in chicago on the night of may N N due to amtrak having service problems as our train was N hours late . amtrak provided us lodging for the night at the chicago south loop hotel-i was a bit skeptical since this was downtown chicago but from the time my husband and i walked in the door we felt welcomed . renee at the desk went beyond our expectations at making us feel comfortable . our rooms were very spacious and very clean . i was very concerened as we were going to have to book a flight to return home to alabama due to amtrak having service interruptions between chicago new orleans-our starting point on our N week vacation . i had never flown before and needed to purchase on line tickets for the next day . renee helped me with this process and even printed our boarding passes for us . again she exemplies excellent customer service ! thank you renee for everything you did for us . 
paid N for the night on hotwire . its your typical N star hotel . room was clean , a bit small . hotels in downtown chicago can get pricey so if you can get this hotel for under N i think you ' re getting an awesome price . 
stayed for N nights in april . features include big , clean rooms with comfy beds . very good bathroom and shower . very elegant inside and out . very good location , N-N blocks from bus routes . breakfast was the highlight for this trip ( really good omelette ' s ) . dominick ' s located across the street , walgreen ' s and wine store behind the hotel . need to improve remote control did not work and was never replaced ( complaint submitted on day of arrival ) , and the sofa bed was truly designed for small kids ( no adults should be allowed to sleep there ) . otherwise , an excellent option for chicago visitors . 
great hotel , great location . i highly recommend this hotel . the beds were super comfortable and the room was quiet at night . we had a great time and would stay again . 
recently went to chicago for N nights on a business trip . could not have picked a better hotel and location . i got a room for N a night on travelzoo which was hundreds of dollars less than other hotels in the area . the front desk staff and doormen were very helpful and accommodating . i felt very comfortable as a solo female traveler . yes , the rooms were a little outdated , but spacious , clean , and comfortable . its an older boutique hotel and had more charm than generic chains in the area . i requested a room at the back of the hotel which did not face the l train . it was very quiet . at the end of my stay , the airport shuttle came a little a early and the lady at the front desk printed out my boarding pass for me and ran out to the street to give it to me . . . if you read this thank you ! they really went above and beyond . i was thrilled with the value and the location . 
stayed here with our kids as well as my brother and sister and their kids N people and N rooms overall . our visit was on the weekend before christmas . the purpose was simply to have a family get together and get some shopping done on the magnificent mile . there is probably no location better in chicago for access to the m . m . nordstroms and the rest of the downtown mall is right across the street . that and the layout of the lobby , with it ' s large open bar and other common seating areas distinguished the downtown marriott from most other large city hotels we ' ve stayed at . it made socializing in large groups easier and the older kids could come and go as they pleased while the adults relaxed with a beverage . there were several large screen tv ' s and although this wasn ' t a sports bar it made it easy to watch the nfl game that captured the attention of many of the patrons . the rooms were small and non-descript . while the pool area was fairly large and accomadating , the pool itself was small . there was a good-sized workout room with lockers and showers available as well . we also received a rate of N . N which was a terrific value compared to their normal rates . all in all it was a great experience made better with the large , welcoming lobby , bar and access to all the best chicago has to offer . 
i don ' t ask for much when i travel , a clean room and a bed i fit in ( almost N ' tall and under N lbs ) . to make sure i always have a king or queen size bed i have it in my profile and double check my confirmation . i arrived at Npm and they put me in a room with a double bed . i was eventually able to get a king in a downsized room but they never adjusted my bill . still working on this . so much for being an elite member who plans ahead . . . 
the location of this hotel is super , the doorman and the bell boys were very attentive . the only minor is that you have to pay ( N , N N hrs ) for wireless internet connection . it surprised me as we stayed in various hotels motels during our N-week trip through N states in total ( including cities like nyc and boston ) but everywhere the internet was for free . no , correction at the motelN you had to pay N , N N hours . but hey , at a nightly rate of N , - what can one expect . for the rest it was fine ! 
my daughter and i went on girl s weekend shopping trip and stayed at avenue hotel chicago . we truly loved the hotel ! everyone was friendly and helpful . the location was close to fabulous shopping ( american girl place , disney store , chanel , boss , brooks brothers to name a few ) and great restaurants . we decided to get a kid-friendly room and we were so pleased with it . the room was bright and comfy and we had a ball with the wii ! we are planning on returning closer to the holidays and will definitely stay at avenue hotel chicago again . 
kierra , irma and patrick were all helpful and attentive during our family ' s stay . helping us and making us comfortable while we attended a family funeral . 
we stayed for two nights and were very happy with the accomodations . much better than when we were here five years ago . this time we had a remodeled corner room on the Nth floor with N windows and a view . the staff was efficient and treated us great . we would definitely return for a third time . 
i have just returned from N day stay at the bw grant plaza . i was initially concerned after reading some not so positive reviews . but if you don ' t have high expectations , i . e you don ' t expect the ritz carlton , this is great a little hotel in the windy city . i stayed on the Nth floor and had pretty decent views of the city skyline and lake michigan . the rooms were clean and adequately decorated . i was there for a conference and appreciated that each room had an ironing board and iron . the heater some reviewers complained about , worked just fine in my room . in fact , i had a brand new heater ac unit . connecting to the complimentary wi-fi was a cinch . only disappointment was the lack of breakfast . the restaurant next door was rather expensive . 
we stayed at affinia hotel for N nights in N rooms . it started with the warmest welcome by andre and peter and continued during the whole week . they were always cheerful and welcome us with a smile , they suggested the best attractions and restaurants . the sevice and stuff are the best we ever had even in more luxirious hotels . the food at the hotel restaurant is the best we had during the whole week . it is perfectly located for shoping and site seeing . we will stay at affinia hotel in chicago again . thank you for making our vacation a huge success . 
my wife and i were here for only one night so did not take advantage of any of the amenities in the building . we found our room quite comfortable , clean . and well-maintained . we heard some street noise but there was no sound from adjacent rooms or the hallway . the only problem was that the clock radio was set for an hour earlier and we didn ' t notice until morning . apparently it never got set ahead for daylight saving time last spring ( this is october ) . and i could see why--i could not figure out how to change the time and most likely no one else could either . as is the case with center-city hotels , extras are not free . you pay for parking , internet service , breakfast , etc . visitors should be prepared for this . also , expect to pay extra if you want a view because most rooms are going to face other buildings . and expect big city noise sirens , garbage trucks , etc . 
my wife and i arrived early on a friday and knew we probably wouldn ' t get into our junior suite which we picked because of the " l " shaped layout on an inside corner with tons of windows as depicted on the hotel web site . when we dropped off our luggage , we were told we were upgraded to a executive suite . when we checked in later in the day , we were checked into a handicap accesable room which had a bedroom and an attached sitting room with a fold out couch which is not what we wanted . we called down but were told the hotel was full and we couldn ' t be moved . later we discovered the phone didn ' t work next to the bed and to make a call , we had to go into the bathroom and that phone kept falling off the wall . the tv remote worked when it wanted to and a movie we rented had the sound so messed up it was like watching an overdubbed karate film from the N ' s . bose system and all . then the chain came off the toilet plunger as we were departing to dinner the second night at a very bad time . had to take the back of the toilet off and stick my entire arm in the toilet basin to get it to flush . i was not happy . room service was very expensive after all the fees were added and drinks at the bar were nearly N . N each after a reasonable tip . N . N is simply too high for a scotch and a magarita unless you are in st . lucia looking at the pitons and not a kid screaming in a stroller getting his diaper changed in the bar . and the hotel has no pool and it was perfect swimming weather . there are just better options for the same money and far better options for a bit more jack . keep looking . 
my husband and i visited chicago to celebrate our Nth anniversary and stayed at this hotel . hotel indigo is in an excellent location . it ' s in a nice quiet area but within a N minute walk of shops , food , and some great bars ! staff was polite , service was great , and the room was smaller but decorated in soothing bright colors . we got a great deal on the room and they even let us check in early without any hassle . parking was right next to the hotel for N N hours , which isn ' t bad for chicago , and the valet staff was fantastic ! only downside is that there is no pool , which would have been bit of a bummer for the kids , but there are plenty of kid-friendly activities to do in the area to keep them busy ! 
i stayed here in june N for N nights . good location just off michigan ave and across the street from the drake . room we had was small , but updated with very comfortable bed ! bathroom was nice with marble tile , granite counter ( very small ) and dual shower head with rain yet sort of pain to use . breakfast in the hotel is good , but takes a while so if you are in a hurry , don ' t eat there . you can walk to all of the good shopping on michigan ave as well as walk to navy pier . vallet parking a bit pricy at N bucks a night and it takes them about N min to get your car out . highly recommend you eat at joe ' s crab for dinner and gibson ' s steak house is a must do , but you will need reservations in advance . valore was also very good for some authentic italian cuisine , and try the wit for some good bar atmosphere . if you want to use internet , they will charge you per computer , not per room . enjoy ! 
the hampton inn majestic and staff can ' t be beat for a chicago stay - short or long ! for starters , there is the delicous complimentary breakfast and the comfortably decorated rooms that utilize perfectly this historic building . then consider the convenience of being within easy walking distance of the art institute the chicago symphony the majestic theater ( same building ) as well as several other notable theaters and endless shopping and architectural wonders ! for culture or for easy sightseeing , chicago is fabulous and the hampton inn majestic is in the center of all . finally , an unbeatable restaurant suggestion aigre doux which is a relatively new restaurant and will be well rated in the new zagat . if you ' re lucky , the talented chef will wander through the dining room and have time to stop and chat ! enjoy . 
this review is more about the parking garage than the hotel experience itself . our stay at the essex was actually very good for the price . except for our vehicle damage from the parking garage , our whole chicago experience up until that point had been nearly flawless . what a disappointment after checking out . it was noon on sunday just after walking back from a church service just a few blocks away . we were feeling great about chicago , and great about the day before heading home . the damage is on the bottom and side . . . looks like the valet driver had a smaller , lower red car and turned too close to my van when parking . gave my van a nice scratch and dent with the other vehicle ' s front bumper . we were so busy filling the back of the van with suitcases that we missed the damage until we stopped for food about N minutes out of town . we called immediately . . . had to wait about N days for the claim to go through . they didn ' t ask for photos nor did they ask for much information at all so we suspected we were going to be left high and dry . basically , since we can ' t prove they did it . . . we ' re on our own to flip the bill . and since , technically , the connected parking garage is a separate business from the hotel , the hotel won t accept responsibility either . with valet parking , this should have never happened . if driving into chicago . . . do not use their parking garage ! ! you ' ll end up paying for a lot more than the hotel room . not the way to end an otherwise great trip . puts a sour note on the whole chicago experience . 
stayed here on N N N . took our two boys downtown for a night in the city . sometimes when a hotel is hip , the staff can have a ' whatever ' attitude - kind of , ' i ' m too cool for you . . . . ' but not here . the modern vibe of the radisson is complimented by a welcoming friendly staff . our room was on the Nth floor - black onyx granite floors - with an bright aqua carpet . excellent lighting , top of the line fixtures . our room had a balcony , although it was too cold out to enjoy . wonderful views of navy pier and the lake michigan . beds were comfy - N queens , rather than N double - which is hard to find . one thing we noticed is the doorways to the rooms are not right off the hallway - they are tucked back - you go down a little hallway to the doors to the rooms . this makes the rooms very quiet . no noise from the hallways at all . being a new hotel , everything is shiny and in excellent condition . the lobby is beautiful , with the long ( very long ) fireplace and comfy chairs . the lounge , bar and restaurant are modern decorated in white , gray silvery tones . we had lunch at filini - the restaurant . excellent food . sandwiches were reasonable ( around N ) but the other options were pricey for lunch . ( N- N for appy , N and up for entree - most averaging N ) . lunch for the four of us was N ( we did have a couple glasses of wine ) . our boys loved the game room ( pool table ) and N N basketball court . the gym is better equipped than any hotel we have ever stayed . . . . but it is shared with the residents of the aqua building . we were there on two occasions , and it wasn ' t crowded . steam room and sauna are also available . we really loved this hotel . then again , it is brand , spanking new . i hope that they keep up with the maintenance of the property - keeping it fresh and clean . great location -- close to the river , millennium park . only complaint -- parking . N . ouch . goes with the territory of city hotels , i know . but it still gets to me . we will definitely stay here again . 
we booked three nights in this fabulous hotel through priceline . we had a one-bedroom " presidential " suite with a lake view for N per night including breakfast . car parking was N per night , but a car wasn ' t really necessary . the staff couldn ' t be more helpful and friendly . and the restaurant " mon ami gabi " was good too . 
had a great great experience at w hotel . while checking in , i thought the tone was friendly but also full of elegance , not too familiar . the gym pool are clean , quiet well equipped . the room was spacious , the view onto lake michigan absolutely fantastic . before leaving , i wanted to buy stamps for post cards , they just took them and offered to stamp them , free of charge . i highly recommend this hotel
i was glad to be staying at the w city center instead of the usual place in chicago , as i had heard good things about the hotel . turns out there was good and bad , as follows good things included the beds ( very comfortable , although small ) , linens ( nice from the towels to the sheets and comforter ) the bliss bath products ( dreamy and lovely - i usually don ' t take the products anymore because i travel so often , but i took these ! ) , the shower head ( great water pressure ) and the personnel , who were almost all polite and cheerful . bad things included tiny tiny room ( barely could walk around in the room and the bathroom gave new meaning to the word small ) , dark furnishings which made the room seem even smaller ( expecially the dark gray , wavy drop ceiling - what ' s up with that ? ) , the woman who yelled at me during the wake up call because she couldn ' t hear me ( the phone was broken ! ! ! ) and the ridiculous cost of cocktails in the lobby bar ( N . N for a small glass of house wine and a martini ! ) . all in all , for the price paid i prefer the old standby of the allegro , which is less expensive and closer to the office where i work . 
enjoyed this hotel immensely , possibly the best and most accomodating staff of any hotel we have stayed at recently . checked in for new years eve for N nights , we were given a corner room , nice size comfortable but a bit noisy from some outside fans . contacted the front desk and they responded immediately , personally came to our room to show us another availability and moved us to a beautiful suite overlooking harry carey ' s . everyone went out of the way to make our stay comfortable and arrange dining and theatre tickets . they work closley with harry carey ' s and walked in without a reservation at N N pm new years eve , gave them a card from the hotel and we were seated immediately . tuan the bellman , joe , chris and george at the front desk were wonderful . the evening cocktail party had great food and beverage selection , the morning continental breakfast on each floor had great selection as well
i booked this hotel with a tip on deals from the trip advisor forum and got a good deal . . . after reading the reviews ( and seeing and hearing the house of blues as i arrived ) i asked for a high floor and a quiet area of the hotel . . . . i was on the Nth floor in a great room with a view of the river , the marina towers and N wacker drive one of my fav buildings in chicago . . . very convienient for my evening at the oriental seeing hair . . . and for viewing the green river on st patricks day ! ! i had a problem . . . my toilet overflowed . . . and the response was quick and clean up promt and thorough . . . . i think this is where you find out if you ' re in a good hotel with good service ! loved this hotel ! ! i
we were offered this hotel when booking our flights with travelbag . the cost for three nights over and above buying flights only was only N - how could we go wrong . however , then we read the reviews here and elsewhere and started to worry . . . . we needn ' t have . yes , rooms are not large - but not tiny and hey , you are only staying a few nights , not buying the place . bathroom very tiny but clean and with all facilities . air con worked well - good as it was cloudy but very warm and humid . room was clean and no funny smells . we are quite sensitive to tobacco smoke but didn ' t notice any in the reception hall at any time . all staff pleasant and helpful . didn ' t eat at the hotel as it was a bit pricey compared to other places . our only gripe with the hotel - and it is a teeny one , was the gift shop ( i think independently run ) where there were no prices displayed . my husband selected three postcards and they wanted N - when they were around Ncents each elsewhere this was over the top . recommendations in chicago ? l ' appetito at the bottom of the hancock tower for breakfast and also good lunches . the bean in millennium park for an interesting sculpture . hancock tower bar has good bar menu and great to watch the sun go down and all the lights come on - must be as good a view as the top floor and you don ' t pay admission ! use the ladies loo on this floor ( girl ' s only of course ) and see the most amazing view from a loo ever . potbellies near the sear ' s tower is good for lunch ( closed saturdays ) . free trolley bus rides around the city are good - but make sure you get on the free ones as some charge . navy pier great and the lake beautiful . airport shuttle not as good as other cities - pricier than a taxi for more than one . taxi was around N each way . 
my husband and i just returned form the most wonderful week at the sofitel chiago ! i just re-read many of the other reviews posted , so that i can address issues directly , and not waste everyone ' s time - bathrooms are as amazing as everyone says . great products , space , luxury upfittings . - staff was amazing with customer service , while not being at all " snooty . " - conceirge was one of the best that i have ever dealt with . " brian " was a star and should be promoted ! he was like an old friend , pointing us to great restaurants , and gently guiding us aware from the tourist traps . - room was modern , clean and comfortable . small , but perfect in every other way . i choose perfection over space . - stop sitting on the fence . book the sofitel water tower ! we are in new york just before christmas , and are staying at the sofitel there . can ' t wait to see the sister property , and this time in a suite . this may be the beginning of a long and loyal relationship ! 
had a N night stay in kingsize room on Nth floor with veiw of magnificent mile and watertower . no problem with elevator waits but never could get connected to web . got a decent rate with groupon deal . location was ideal . reasonable walking distance from the subway system with N connection from airport ( a N day pass was great deal for everything we needed and prevented high parking prices ) . lots of places close to eat . we were trying out the chicago pizza ( it is good as pizza always is to me , but not anything super special ) . walgreens in same block . very enjoyable stay . especially recomend the mayors office sponsored free tours with volunteer greeters . nobel horse theater was unusual fine in downtown chicago to those with equine interests . lots to do--will go back in warmer weather next time . was nice for us floridians to have one day of snow though
my wife and i recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the drake on a pleasure trip to chicago . aside from the " chamber-of-commerce " view up the shore of lake michigan from our fifth floor room , we made numerous visits to the concierge desk , relying on the extremely helpful and engaging staff . we made our first contact with them via cellphone , enroute to chicago to get some ideas about recreational opportunities in the central part of the city . without hesitation , andrea suggested taking a chicago river architectural boat tour . it was a perfect choice for us to spend an afternoon catching up with old friends and learn a great deal about chicago in the process . they also suggested two top notch restaurants for us , one for an early dinner before going to second city on friday night , another for an excellent italian feast on sunday . the drake is a fine old hotel with a lot of charm and history . our stay there was made nearly perfect by the hard working , friendly concierge staff . kudos to them ! 
my spouse and i needed to move out of our home for N hours while it was being " spring cleaned . " this year , we selected the hilton because they welcome dogs that are up to N pounds . our large , male airedale is over N pounds - so , he isn ' t allowed in most " dog friendly " hotels . at the very last minute , we booked a one-bedroom suite on the Nth floor ( executive floor ) . the entire experience at the hilton was excellent . from the moment that we arrived , the staff was very accommodating - especially to our dog ! they made sure that oliver had a dog bed , bowls , treats and lots of attention and praise . they even offered to walk him in the park across the street ! the suite was updated and since it was a corner ( south east ) suite , we had windows on two sides - very nice - lots of light . the bed was comfortable and well appointed with plenty of pillows . room service was very good - we ordered dinner at Npm and at N Npm it arrived , hot and well prepared . breakfast on the executive floors was excellent - nice options ( including " take away " coffee cups with lids ) and very friendly and helpful service - especially the concierge . overall , we were pleasantly surprised - we didn ' t expect much since it ' s the " old hilton " - and , since we just needed a night someplace that welcomed our dog , our expectations were pretty moderate . hilton greatly exceeded these expectations - we would highly recommend this hotel to families with kids or dogs - the hotel staff goes out of their way to make sure that you ' re welcomed . finally , i have to say , the common areas are beautiful and very grand ( especially the front , N story entrance ) . with the very reasonable rates that hilton is charging this summer , you can ' t go wrong - especially if you ' re from out-of-town - the location , across from grant park , can ' t be beat ! p . s . - be sure to check and see if you can upgrade your room rate by N night to allow for indoor , attached parking ( the usual rate ( if you don ' t include it in your room rate ) is somewhere around N night ! ) . 
ok , i have traveled extensively for N years . i have stayed in hotels from nyc , to paris , to copenhagen , etc . this summer is i stayed at the james for business . my company put us up at the intercontinental , but we have stayed at the james in the past . i decided to buck the system and pay extra to stay at the james . i checked two bags on my last day while i still had business at the mart . after meeting clients for drinks in the hotel bar , i went to get my bags . my bag with my ipad , an hermes scarf , my daytimer , gifts for my kids , hair straightener and various other items was gone . total loss about N . N . the desk clerk and hotel manager assured me that they would replace the cost of the items . they told me to wait a week and the bag might turn up . after a week i called the manager and he pushed back saying the chicago inn keepers law only holds them liable for about N . N . after getting very upset and making a stink the hotel agreed to pay N . N , a loss to of N . N . i will not return to the james . i had previously left a sweat shirt and pants in the room that they claimed they did not have . 
just returned from a three-night stay at the wyndham . everything was perfect , from ismail at the front desk to dennean ( the by request manager ) . our room was wonderful , the daily breakfast included in our package was excellent , my kids had a blast , and the service was friendly . i can ' t recommend this hotel enough and we ' re already talking about our next return . you also can ' t beat the location of this hotel . yes , there are sirens as the hotel is across the street from a hospital . however , we were on the Nth floor and it was definitely tolerable . it ' s a city . . . cities are loud . we dealt with it . basically , don ' t let that detour you from staying here . and , if you ' re not happy with something , don ' t hesitate to ask . i can honestly say that this is by far the friendliest hotel we ' ve stayed at in chicago . every employee we talked to was kind and acted like they truly cared about their job . 
we were impressed by our room at this hotel . wood and carpeting , rain shower , reasonably priced minibar , large windows , ipod dock sound system , plasma tv , hyper comfy sheets , so perfect but . . . saturday night arrived and the party started . they have a very popular nightspot at this hotel and clients that go there during their stay . so they have to guard the elevators on saturday night because there is a lot of people wanting to cut the line outside and use the inside hotel elevators . and i think that the hotel ' s clients can go back to their room from inside . . . so there was noise all night in our corridor , culminating at N N am ( we went to bed at Nam ) when a group of people arrived and spent N minutes in the corridor shouting and laughing . at some point i went to open and close my door with a bang to make them realize they were in a hotel . they shouted insanities at us through our door and continued their noise for N minutes then came back to knock violently at our door . earlier in the day another client complained to us in the elevator that the night before two men came out of the elevator at the same time he did and followed him to his room . . cautioning us to be careful . i am sorry to think and say that this hotel management ' s want to make money and be hip with a trendy nightspot at the expense of the comfort and security of their hotel customers . i will not go back to the dana for that reason only
i am in total agreement with the poster below regarding this hotels front desk service and elevators . we stayed during the same weekend and it took us over an hour to get from our room to the front desk and vice versa . when we finally did make it down we were charged for things from the mini bar we never used along with being double charged for our room at a rate higher than our original rate ! we discussed it with them and they " took care of it " later that week i found that the charge was again taken from my account ! after dealing with the billing department it has now been refunded , we will see for how long . i have stayed at many chicago hotels with my wife for pleasure and business and needless to say we will not be back . it was like pulling teeth to even get an apology from the staff for their errors . 
we just got back from a fabulous weekend stay at the w city center . we booked the w because it was close to the christmas market at daley center . the w was a short N block walk . i was a little leery when i first walked in with my N year old son , it looked young , hip and funky . however , there were wooden chess sets , connect four and checkers games sitting out even hot chocolate at check in . the rooms were spacious , clean and comfortable . there were a couple of small broken things but the staff was very apologetic and very attentive at getting them fixed . the shared spaces in the lobby is comfy and fun . a great alternative to being stuck in the room . one night we decided to go down , have a drink and play some chess . my son was sad because all the games were gone . i asked at the desk and they said someone threw all the games pieces together and they sorted through all of them so he could play . amazing customer service . the restaurant is nice and has great food . they were also very accommodating to my son . there is also water and coffee for free in the mornings , and cookies out in the afternoon . also plenty of options right outside the doors . but i cannot say enough great things about the staff ! thank you for such a wonderful stay ! 
i stayed there over halloween weekend with girlfriends and thought the hotel was fine . it was a large hotel and very busy due to its location . i liked that they had coctails for the guests from N-N , that was a nice touch , it was a small area that was packed , but it still was a bonus . the rooms weren ' t fancy , but they weren ' t bad . they were suites and big enough with a table . we ordered carry out from the resturant downstairs which worked out really well because we just wanted easy snacking and sharing and didn ' t have to buy drinks this way . the breakfast was not up to my standard . it too was crowded , and i may be a food snob , but after attempting a completley dried out omlet , cooked for N minutes ! i went for oatmeal , and that was terrible . i liked the coffee and had a banana . i understand food for the masses can be hard , but maybe less is more would bring up the quality . the lobby was pretty for the fall , the people at the front desk were nice . the other thing was the garbage . because it seemed to be a party hotel , there were pizza boxes and garbage bags everywhere , and all night and then next morning they were still there . . . maybe a few more on the overnite cleaning staff . 
the hotel burham was a welcome refuge from the bustling big city of chicago . with it ' s smaller size , beautiful renovations , comfortable rooms , excellent location and exceptionally pleasant , professional and helpful staff i would stay at the hotel burham again and recommend it to other travelers with no hesitation . this is ritz carlton treatment at prices the ' average joe ' can afford . two thumbs up for the hotel burham ! ! 
check in is not the greatest with the front desk clerks unable to crack a welcome smile while they sat at a low desk and did not even offer us a seat while we " stood around " waiting to check in . the dana is in a old renovated building . the reception is on the first floor and so you have to walk up the stairs or take a single floor elevator , cross the lobby just to get to the elevators to your room . we got a large king size room which was nice but with floor to ceiling windows it was a bit of an effort opening and closing around N blinds every morning and evening . the bathroom was a bit of a strange design with a glass panel which gave the person in the bedroom complete access to anyone using the " facility " . there was a curtain which you could leave open or closed across this glass panel , but still a very odd design feature . the location is good with easy access to a lot of local attractions and nearby restaurants . the gym is well equipped with new machines . unfortunately i did not have a chance to use the spa but it looked very nice . the metro station is located a few blocks from hotel which is really convenient and easy to use . we took a train to and from airport to avoid traffic which gets congestive . free easy to use internet access in room . the restaurant on first floor had a club atmosphere at night but sound is well contained . overall we had a good stay , but reception staff can definitely use a motivational talk . try get room on higher floor for a better view . 
we came in from the chicago suburbs for an activity in the city . the hotel was just fine for N of us . we appreciated the room safe . our room was in the back by the alley , but inspite of reviews that this was a bad location , it was actually quiet and probably better than the side with the " l " going by all the time . a panera is only a block north and west , so breakfast was easy to take care of . subway is across the street for a quick lunch , and lots of more eating choices of all prices are within walking distance . hotel a bit tired . the staff was nice . room clean . we were on the third floor so walked up and down as the elevators were a bit slow in showing up . we did not use parking as we used public transportation in and out of the city . overall i would stay here again . 
overall an excellent hotel in a great location . . the staff were very friendly and helpful . the concierge desk was excellent in assisting with information on the city and obtaining reservations . the room was very comfortable and clean . if i had to pick one minor thing to complain about we found the quality of the toilet paper not very good for a hotel of this standard . it may have something to do with the hotel or city plumbing . . apart from that a great chicago experience
as co-producers , we went to chicago with a small group from hartford , ct to see the opening of the new musical " the addams family " . it was cold in chicago that day but from the moment we were greeted at the door of the wit hotel we felt a warm welcome . everyone , from the doorman , concierge , room service , dining room staff etc , was personable , helpful and polite . even the telephone operator addressed us by name , the design of the hotel is stunning , both high concept and user-friendly . the room was spacious , clean and comfortable and the price was very reasonable for the quality . eds , west hartford , ct
definitely excellent ! our experience was not lacking in any way . my husband and i stayed at the end of march for two days . the room was excellent , very roomy , up to date decor , clean , very much up to international standards ( i ' m american but live in new zealand ) . service was great , atmosphere wonderful , i loved the selection of menus from local restaurants that you can order from and have added to your room tab . i appreciated the mini kitchen , i think that ' s something sorely lacking in american hotels and motels . we didn ' t eat at the restaurant on the premises so don ' t have comment on that . one reviewer had issues with the air conditioning the info binder in the room did mention that they turn off the heating air conditioning while you ' re out for the day , to save energy , but that can be left alone upon request , and our room had its own controls . the price was excellent , especially for what we got . and if you ' re into downtown chicago , the location doesn ' t get better than this . i feel like we got to experience a little bit of authentic chicago , not just another corporate cookie cutter hotel . next time i ' m in chicago , i ' m definitely going to book this place again . in short , no shortcomings in my opinion and i can be pretty discerning . 
i have literally traveled the world and this was by far the smallest room i have ever stayed in . the claim to N stars is laughable . the bathroom is a joke . it is so small one cannot even turn around in it . there is no mini bar , no coffee maker , no place whatsoever to do anything more than lie in bed . the tv is so close to the end of the bed that i had to sit on the bed to squeeze between them ! the pool closes at Npm , the gym costs a supplement , the ethernet cable costs N for the very basic reception , and the line at the hotel ' s reception desk is enough to turn you away . if you want to stay in a small and expensive N star hotel in downtown chicago , then this is your place . if you desire nicer accommodations , then by all means , keep searching ! ! 
i spent one night at james hotel traveling through chicago . it turned out to be my best hotel stay ever ! finally a hotel that has found the perfect balance between extremely friendly staff ( genuine and service- minded ) great rooms with modern style , excellent food ( breakfast is highly recommended ) and a perfect location . 
friendly hospitable staff , chic modern decor , great location -- N min walk to shopping on magnificent mile millennium park and it overlooks the chicago river . sign-up to become a kimpton member ( it ' s free ) and you ' ll get a discount on rates along with free wi-fi and a N credit to raid the mini bar when you check-in . also , if you become their friend on facebook , you ' ll get a complimentary bottle of wine and a sweet note . you get comfy animal print robes to wear , aveda products , an umbrella in case of rain and if you get lonely , they ' ll even bring up a goldfish to your room . concierge was friendly and gave us great suggestions . spend a little more for one of the corner rooms with the two large window seats that overlook the river . . . you won ' t regret it ! 
this es was in a good location and close to the central area of chicago a quick drive over to the navy pier although i suppose you could walk if you like . we were lucky enough to stay in the presidential suite on the top floor which was a great choice for our family of N . one bedroom had N double beds and the other had a king bed and there were N full baths . there was also an ample living room with a large l shaped couch and a very nice wet bar with a large dining area . N total flat screens . nice space . the service there was also very good . their daily breakfast area would get crazy busy everyday we were there . as would the afternoon happy hour . be there early or you ' ll have to fight in the lines or miss out . i would recommend this hotel for families . 
modern style rooms with balconies that expose the guest to great views of lakeshore east park . staff extremely accommadating , friendly and professional . fitness room enormous with lot ' s of options . rooms were squeaky clean ( including bath ) . very reasonable rates for this newer hotel in a great location . 
i travel to chicago on business at least bi-monthly . the affinia is always my hotel of choice . the location is perfect , the rooms are spacious and modern , the roof top bar is an oasis , c-house restaurant is fantastic , and most of all the staff is outstanding . the bell man welcomes me by name , the front desk is efficient and accomodating , the servers are terrific and everyone goes above and beyond to ensure i have an enjoyable stay . i reccommend this hotel with great enthuisiam . it truly is my home away from home in chicago . 
this hotel is very nice . my wife and i spent our anniversary night here , t is right in downtown chicago and there are lots of places to go nearby during day and night . the staff is very knowledgeable and the concierge desk knows just the right places for you to go . it is a high end hotel so nothing is free which is a change from the usual hotels i stay at but the prices weren ' t bad . the rooms are older looking but it is an old hotel and the decor and comfort make up for it . great place to stay when shopping or enjoying the nightlife in the city ! 
hotel is in a great location . lobby is nice . workers are great . the rooms are extremely small and tired . carpeting , paint , bathrooms are in bad shape . rooms need complete renovation . . 
the hotels locaton is wonderful , but the rooms are tiny . i have never seen hotel rooms this small in the united states . the hotel is in a beautiful historic beaux arts office building , but the room have the charm of a dorm . the bathroom only had a shower and the closet was the size of a phone booth . the television is too small to see from the bed . the bedding was cheap . room was very clean and in excellent condition . elevators were very slow and required room card to operate . the sheer size of the room made it difficult for two people to share . staff was very accommodating . 
nice hotel , good location , view from the Nth floor wasn ' t up to much but we were on a freebie so didn ' t complain . room was large and clean and bed comfortable . woman behind the desk wasn ' t that friendly or competent . it took a while to check in and i had to come back down as the key card didn ' t work first time . 
fifteen of us travelled from ireland and had the greatest pleasure of staying at the affinia ! the best hotel in chicago without a doubt ! irish people are known for our friendliness and hospitality but we have major competion here ! what a fabulous bunch of people and if i can , i will mention names , victor , daniel , erin , christopher , joel , they made our stay so unbelievable ! thanks in particular to victor who put up with our midnight antics , that is finding our keys etc , the affinia should open a hotel in ireland , we need a great hotel like it ! please let us know if you do as we ' re all in the business ! ! nicest staff you will meet , if you ever visit ireland we work in a restaurant called the oar house in howth co dublin . come visit xxxx ps victor you made our holiday love to yaxxx
popped in for weekend get-away . room obtained via hotwire . very impressed with size of the room bath . well appointed , big flat screen tv plus bose stereo , comfy bed . in the past have stayed on michigan ave ( intercon , drake ) , this location puts you in the heart of the shopping district with lots of amenities nearby . public garage across the street , valadation gives you N per day rate ( vs . N ) with in out privliges . they , like many , have gone to the free coffee in the lobby vs in-room machines - which i like as the joe is usually of better quality . only negative is no-pool , the intercon may get the nod as they have a great one ! 
my three daughters and i chose to rendezvous to chicago from boston , tucson , and co for our " girls weekend . " arriving at the " w " there was no welcome or help with the door or luggage , their lobby is a " cheap " cocktail lounge , the rooms are extremely small , furnished very distastefully and even our requested upgraded room overlooking lake michigan was a joke . the only positive experience was their concierge s understanding and willingness to help us relocate to the drake hotel . with only a few short days to share together in the exciting city of chicago , we lost half a day and months of battle fighting for reimbursement . finally , receiving credit through a credit card dispute , our " w " experience is behind us . read and believe , then book at the drake or . . . . chicago has many wonderful hotel options , but the " w " is definitely not one ! 
we use this hotel for business trips that require little hotel time and just a place to sleep . not only with the la quinta membership are the rooms always clean , modern and with a good desk , we also get good rates . the breakfast is basic but will keep you going until lunch . no social area for business meetings but the clean , cheap room makes it a useful choice for the business traveller . 
my girlfriend and i stayed three nights in a swissotel executive room during a recent chicago vacation . we have mostly very positive things to say , and would probably stay there again if we ever go to chicago . at least if we can find as good a deal as we did this time . i would like to point out some things you should be aware of N ) there ' s a lot of construction work around the swissotel . the hotel seems to be N soundproof , so that ' s no problems . but within a year or so the magnificent lake view will probably be only a memory of the past . the same goes for the view of the park area to the south . N ) make sure that you don ' t get a room right next to the elevators , since these make a lot of sound , speedy as they are . we first got room N , but had to change . no problems at all at the front desk - they seemed to be used to it . the original room had a lakefront view which was stunning . the second room overlooked the city and river , with a good look of the wrigley building . not as exciting , but still very good . beware of office workers who probably can see right into your room from a N feet distance . N ) we had an executive room which granted us access to the Nnd floor executive lounge with day-round complimentary beverage service ( non-alcoholic ) , an evening serving of hors d ' ouvres ( sorry for the spelling ) and pastries , and free internet access . also a great view . the executive status did not grant us free access to the gym , which came for a cost of N . the pool and sauna was free for all guests . N ) the restaurant and bar service on the ground floor was ok , but during our stay , the lobby was always really full of other guests . maybe since the hotel had a really good spring offer , which attracted more private guests compared to the usual business people . N ) the executive room was smaller than expected , probably a standard room , although on high floors . i would probably choose a corner room next time , which looks larger on their website . the king bed was excellent , lcd-tv really nice , and the room came with a stereo with ipod docking station as well as a really good coffee brewer . nice ! the bathroom featured both a tub and a shower and was in perfect condition . the last remark in fact goes for the whole room , the cleaning service was perfect and the room recently renovated . N ) make sure to sign up for the club swiss gold bonus program before your stay for better front desk service and it will strengthen your chances of a free upgrade . all in all , swissotel chicago was a great experience , which i definitely would recommend . 
i stayed here for two nights with my girlfriend over the july Nth weekend . the hotel exceeded my expectations and i would definitely stay there again . pros -the rooms were well appointed and very comfortable ( the beds are extremely comfortable ) . -service was excellent from valet to front desk -sundeck had a great view and amenities looked nice although we didn ' t use them -compared to other hotels the prices for extras such as the mini bar and parking seemed reasonable cons -i didn ' t like the sliding door in the washroom , not as private as i would have liked -restaurant was overpriced for the quality of food and service ( don ' t bother with breakfast ) 
do not stay here ! ! ! our room was unsanitary and the front desk staff did not care - even the woman who identified herself as the front desk manager . this is not worth it to you no matter what the cost . 
stayed at hampton inn majestic N nights first weekend of may , N . traveling with wife and N year old son . great location . within walking distance of anything within loop . blue line and red line stops only one block away . easy to get a taxi or catch a bus . queen beds were very comfortable , rooms very clean , not huge , but adequate . employees were very friendly , always greeting with a smile and willing to chit chat . breakfast was average for this class of hotel - cereals , make your own waffle , yogurt , fruit , juices , coffee , muffins , rolls . everything was fresh . rooms were pretty quiet considering downtown location , but could hear sirens , etc . would stay here again . 
i love the conrad , the rooms are larger than most hotels in the area , the bathrooms have separate shower and tub , with plenty of granite counter top space ! we love the hotel restaurant for breakfast and the bar for a night cap . the staff is also great , so accomodating , we wanted theater tickets for the same night we arrived and had them within N minutes from the concierge . not least of all the hotel is so convenient with michigan av on one side , rush on the other , and nordstrom ' s right there . we will definitely stay there again . 
we had an issue with making a phone reservation and not receving an email confirmation . when i decided to call to confirm our reservation the afternoon of the night we were scheduled to arrive , i was told there was no reservation under my name . come to find out , an error had somehow been made and we were booked at a different hilton . we were able to come to a compromise , however . this hotel is very conveniently located downtown within walking distance of many shops , restaurants . . . . hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating . pool hottub were decent , although quite small . this was a family vacation for us and we were overall impressed with the hotel . tip park your own car for much cheaper . . . . just park near an elevator in the parking ramp . . . . it ' s the same place for valet parking ! ! 
we felt safe and comfortable . the staff was completely helpful being it was our first time in the windy city . the rooms were super clean and homey . the vallet service was also wonderful and speedy , however a little pricey for this small town girl . the location was perfect ! ! we walked to the navy pier , sears tower and there are stores and fine dining all around it . museums are only a N dollar cab ride away . i loved chicago and this hotel only made our stay better ! ! ! 
my husband and i visited chicago many times , but this time decided to bring our little dog along for a weekend get away in chicago . this hotel is conveniently located downtown near the chicago river . it is a very nice hotel , something you would choose even if you don ' t travel with your dog . only the Nnd floor allows dogs , which is too bad for dog owners , as there is no real high rise view . the hotel personnel is friendly to dogs and welcomed our dog . they also offer dog sitting if you choose to dine without your pooch . you can leave your dog in the room if you leave him crated . this hotel offers complimentary happy hour ( munchies and drinks ) and also complimentary breakfast on every floor . we had a very nice stay at this hotel and our pooch really , really enjoyed her stay . every sunday there is a " canine " cruise which was very interesting to take . an hour and a half of cruising down the chicago river and out on lake michigan . it is the same as the regular architectural cruise , except pooches are allowed . very nice ! we all had a good time . 
this hotel has some issues at the front desk . to have one person handling checkouts at prime checkout time and no backup is very regrettable . single file , one at a time , please . no , it is inexcusable . at check out today there was no one at the supervisory level available , only one desk clerk who was not up to the job . allegedly the others were " in a meeting . " the entrance to the hotel is poorly managed by the doorman with the result that guests are allowed to temporarily park hapazardly in the only entrance exit for taxis and other transport . a good property manages their front door to the house better than this one . the amount of open space in front of the hotel is very limited , which makes managing the abandonment ( even temporary ) of vehicles in that space especially critical . the signage to get from ground level to checkin is miserable . one has no idea whether to go to floor N or floor N without spending time trying to figure it out because the brass plates on the elevator do not instantly identify which floor a new guest goes to . hint checkin is on N . the restaurant is on N , but the guest services director at the desk right in front of checkin on N does not have the menu for the day . " you ' ll have to up a floor , sir , and ask the hostess for the menu . " so , just to find out what the restaurant serves one waits for an elevator , goes up an entire floor and wastes time . inexcusable bad service and poor property management because it can be fixed so easily with minor attention to detail . the area in the suite bathroom dedicated to the basin , mirror , etc is extraordinarly small , narrow and cramped . there are inadequate power outlets here . a mouse would feel hump-shouldered . there is a signficant deficiency of electrical outlets all over the entire guest room except at the writing desk , which has one extra outlet mounted on the edge . the room lamps appeared tohave three-way bulbs and many of the settings are burned out , making a guest think the entire lamp doesn ' t work until trying different combinations of the main switch at the entrance and repeatedly pushing the switch on the lamp to find the setting that is not burned out . inefficient , maddening and poor maintenance . room service menu is N hour but heavily weighted to breakfast and sandwiches . room service prices are , of course , extremely expensive . the food quality was above-average and delivered in a reasonable time period . room rates are steep for the quality delivered in the room . an inexperienced traveler may think it ' s a quality location and hotel , but there are much better properties available to the experienced business traveler and they deliver better value . the location is first-rate , however . 
we took advantage of the chicago bears package and saved hundreds of dollars . it included free valet parking , bears game tickets with excellent seats , and the room for the night . the room was extremely clean and extremely quiet . the beds were a little soft and i do think they were doubles . the room is small and the bathroom is very small , but for just a night or two , it was just fine . sometimes we had to wait a bit for the elevators . the pool is on the Nth floor and has a great outdoor deck with nice chairs and tables for relaxing . there is even a lifeguard for the pool . we ate chicago style pizza at lou malnatti ' s which was just N blocks away . get there early--it was crowded with bears fans before gametime . we had great weather and were able to walk the mile to soldier ' s field for the game . the next day we checked out but stowed our bags with the bellman and took the double decker bus tour for N a person . the bellman can give you the information . he was very helpful . the bus took us all over the place and you could get on and off all day and see the many sights . i highly recommend the double decker bus tour . my family and i hope to do the essex hotel bears package again sometime . it was very worthwhile ! 
got a last minute rate of N a night through hotels . com . requested a room with two double beds and wasn ' t disappointed . staff was very professional . food at aria was delicious . located right off of michigan avenue with prime shopping less than a block away . cabs always available in front of hotel for longer excursions . to park , enter off of columbus drive and let valet take care of it for you . all in all , an excellent choice . 
the hyatt is located on the river downtown within walking distance of the magnificent mile , many restaurants , millennium park , and navy pier . i had an Nth floor room with river view and it was much more spacious and comfortable than the allerton hotel downtown . there are two towers , which got a bit confusing trying to navigate underground to get to an adjoining office building . but there is a cozy irish pub ( o ' daddy ' s ) and the very trendy ( and pricey ) big bar , known for fancy cocktails . there is also a steakhouse that looked pretty upscale , and i didn ' t try it since i was alone . for breakfast , the lobby cafe is fast and convenient for coffee , bagels , etc . be prepared to pay for internet anywhere in the hotel . i avoided this by going pretty much anywhere else , like coffee shops , bars nearby that have free wifi . the downside i got back home and looked at the bill in more detail . i was not prepared for what the single rate was , with no extras at all . my company and i researched it to make sure i was not overcharged . what i was charged per night was nearly twice what was listed on the internet for the same room . apparently for these particular weeknights in late september , all hotels in that area were charging that much , and this was even the cheapest . there are always conferences going on in chicago , but i still don ' t know why these nights were so hot . maybe something to do with the olympics ? the upside the helpful staff . i realized on the flight home i left my cell phone in my room . i called when i got home and security found it and assured me it was in a safe . customer service took my information and made arrangements with fedex for me to have it shipped home . i opted for overnight delivery and received it right on time , intact . i was sure it was going to be broken . i was really in a panic about it getting stolen , so it was reassuring to know they were taking care of it . they are also on the go airport shuttle ' s route if you are flying in out of o ' hare . 
excellent hotel in every possible way . food was excellent and the staff was most accommodating and professional . 
my only other experience of a conrad was at the one in dublin about N years ago or so . the chicago facility was a pleasant reminder of just what a fine product the conrad brand is . location was excellent , decor subdued and tasteful , service friendly and ( generally ) helpful . my only complaint was that the staff did not seem terribly responsive to my noting that the lock on the door of my room seemed defective . someone was apparently sent to look at it , but i never received any feedback explaining the problem or why it was not fixed . 
liked this hotel as it is close to my office , and not so close to the mag mile tourist traffic area . the staff in the hotel is very friendly - when i checked in they were going thru an upgrade on their system , and doing things the manual way took a bit longer than normal , but not too bad . upon entering the hotel there was a man that " appeared vagrant " sleeping on the couch in the lobby - he didnt bother me per se , but he was bothersome looking . . . the room itself was nice - this is an older hotel and the tv , carpet , etc were actually quite fresh looking so that was a treat . the only other room issue was the bathroom - the tub had some black crust that washed away upon turning the water on so not sure where that came from . . . the shower did not work very well and there was a lot of water that came from the spout and shower , so you had to take a shower ankle bath at the same time , not enjoyable . but again , overall with these minor hiccups a moderately priced hotel and pretty decent deal for me . 
helpful and nice staff , great location ! ! would stay again , most definatelly ! 
the pros nice concierge desk , however not manned after hours . not too far from marathon departure area . the cons small rooms considering the price , paper thin walls ( baby crying next door can be heard ) , poor maintenance , low level of service from laundry ( late delivery , no efforts made to meet client requests ) , no international channels on tv
i read many of the one-star reviews and was wary about my stay at congress plaza , but i was pleasantly surprised . yes , it ' s an old building . yes , it could use some updating . yes , there were picketers at times ( though they simply went about their business of picketing ) . however , my room was very clean ( much cleaner than some places i ' ve stayed in chicago for twice the cost ) and the bed was quite comfortable . i enjoyed being in an historical building that hadn ' t been gutted and whitewashed to fit some generic standard . if you want a sparkly hotel with rooms that seem as though you are the first ever to stay in them , this isn ' t the place for you . if you like a bit of character , then i recommend it . i wish i had ponied up for a room with a view , because it looked like those would be lovely . the location is perfect and easy to get to by l train blue line from the airport . my only real complaint was that all of the reports of no truly hot water were confirmed when i took a shower . the hotel does need to update its plumbing system . 
we love this hotel . we visit the chicago area often and this hotel has it all . it is clean and the beds are great . i love the location , everything is within walking distance . i wish i had known about it sooner . we stayed at the omni hotel two years ago and we were very disappointed . the omni has a great location if you are just visiting the american girl place however the american girl is now moving locations . my recommendation is to stay at the raffaello were you are centrally located to everything ! -caroline , ohio
stayed for seven nights . the hotel is clean and the staff is very friendly and extremely helpful . the location is great . one block to the mag mile and about N blocks to the red line subway station . the only problems we had were that our room was not ready when we arrived and we were told it would be about an hour and they would call us on the cell phone when ready . we stopped back an hour and a half later and the room still was not ready . about an hour after that we still had not received a call . stopped back again and the room was still not ready . they were however able to get us into another room at that time . the other problem is that the hotel does not really have a restaurant and they do not have a cocktail lounge . the breakfast buffet room on the Nth floor is lame and overpriced . we ate there the first morning and never went back . overall a pleasant sheraton experience . philip the doorman is the best ! 
we just got back from a N night stay at this hotel and i thought it was great ! the decor is very modern , the rooms were clean with comfy beds and large walk-in showers and the staff was friendly . they had free internet in-room and we used the business center to print boarding passes before we left . the location was just a few blocks from michigan avenue , with great bus routes closeby , plus there are some good restaurants right around the block . no , the rooms aren ' t huge but our queen room had plenty of space for us . 
i stayed at the chicago monaco on halloween night N . the location is great . easy walking to shops restaurants not far from the bus stop . as usual the monacos are beautifully decorated . we enjoed excellent service an evening wine reception . the restaurant south water kitchen had served a wonderful breakfast a delightful staff . they are a pet friendly hotel as well . they offer a business center which allows free access to the internet . the rooms are a little larger than normal . i would return with out hesitation . ka snodgrass aaa travel
i spent one evening at this hotel on a business trip . the suite rooms are very spacious and the set up was good . pros convenient location to o ' hare and all state arena convenient access to trains to o ' hare and downtown chicago large glass shower business area was easy to use decent restaurants and bar areas starbucks on site cons no bathtub ( didn ' t bother me ) very hot exercise area utilitarian pool area fine for business travelers seeking exercises , wouldn ' t recommend for families good value . 
clean rooms , reasonable price , reasonably quiet - providing you get a room that doesn ' t face onto the main highway behind the building . liked the pool on the roof . its a little way out of the center , but handy for the sears tower . well served by cta metro ( N . N from airport direct to hotel ! ) and by chicago free trolleys . not much choice of resturants nearby , but hotel cafe ok for breakfast . 
enjoyed three nights at dana from august N - N . the hotel is very modern , perfectly located , clean and well priced . we managed to get it at N cdn per night . problems we encountered the room was very small and dark . we were on the backside of the hotel and the window was only a patio door . made the room depressing , but we did not spend much time in the room during the day . room was also not well positioned . the tv was facing the side of the bed , rather than at the foot . as there was no sitting area , watching tv was difficult . finally , the dana advertised that a continental breakfast was included in the price . they cancelled the breakfast starting august Nrd but failed to tell anyone . very misleading . the good part the staff is very friendly . the concierge ( aleksandra ) was extremely helpful and spot on with her restaurant recommendations . she even tried to make up for the cancelled breakfast by offering a complimentary bottle of wine from the room . by the way , the bar fridge selection in the room is good and well priced . excellent ipod speakers in the room . at this price , i would stay again , but get a room in the front of the building . 
stayed there for a week and was extremely impressed by the staff , who made this probably our best hotel stay ever . by our second day there , the doormen greeted us by name as we came and went and remembered little details about where we said we were going . the concierge was very friendly and super helpful , arranging nice tours and getting us awesome seats for a musical . the room was small , but the floor-to-ceiling windows made it feel much bigger than it was . we enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries that were waiting for us when we got to the room . the separate tub ( it was huge ) and shower were nice , too . the restaurant had good food at suprisingly reasonable prices . the hotel location was fairly good we were able to walk to some places , but mostly took cabs . overall , though , it ' s the staff that made sutton place top notch . 
yesterday there was a huge power outage in the chicago area . all hotels were booked solid . since we are platinum premier members , i called marriott to locate a room . this was the only place available , other than downtown or gurnee ( we live on the northshore near winnetka wilmette ) . anyway , checked in with edward and received an " upgraded " room which was larger ( and we have N small kids ) . the room was super far on the other side of the hotel , and it was horrible ! it wrecked of a staleness . the carpets were filthy as my sons allergies began to startup . just awful ! i called and requested a room change . they gave us the same tired room on a different floor . i requested a " reinvented remodeled room " and the indicated that they were out . the rooms were going for N per night , but we could use points since my husband travels alot . he has been loyal to marriott for years ! when i told the manager amber ( i believe this is her name ) , she could not provide a new room . . . . so we left ! ! i told her that my family cannot sleep in that awful room and to return our points ! we operate on principal , for N , this place is substandard and nothing even close to marriott standards . and to use reward points doesn ' t matter ---my husband earned those points through travel and being away from our family , we don ' t use these arbitrarily ! for the cost of the room , one can stay in rhe same type room at the ritz or the four seasons ( for perspective ) . anyway , the hotel is very dated . reviewed the room service menu and it ' s limited and does not have a kids menu -- you have to tell room service and they will provide the options for kids . parking is N for overnight guests -- this is chicago ! i imagine that if you have a redone room and were with marriott rewards , and were flying into chicago and had business to attend to across the street , then this hotel may work . if not , look elsewhere as i cannot recommend it at all ! we did not stay here . after the episode with the manager , we checked out and decided to wing it at home . we lit candles in the dark and had cold showers this morning --- and it was still better than staying in that outdated facility that they are calling a marriott property ! ugh ! 
we stayed at the union league club for a wedding and found the accommodations to be adequate . the room was a little small but nice . the rest of the hotel could use a little updating , although the ballroom for the wedding reception was the nicest i ' ve ever been to and the reception was superb from start to finish . the bar restaurant on the Nth floor had good food and was a good value . i didn ' t care for the service charge that was tacked on to the nightly rate and parking was very expensive , although that is probably standard for this area of the city . the hotel is in a great location . there is a strict dress code and i wish that the reservations clerk had mentioned it so that we could have been prepared for brunch the next day . 
the swissotel has everything going for it and should be ranked higher . location perfect . it s right by the chicago river and it s proximity to lake shore drive , makes for a quicker cab ride to the airport or north to wrigley field . there are few buildings between the swissotel and lake michigan , making for gorgeous views , yet you are in the heart of it all . the michigan avenue bridge is only two blocks away . grant park and navy pier are also a short walk . rooms if you can swing it , get a corner suite . because the building is a triangular shape , you get a sweeping view that is absolutely stunning . a lot of windows , but nice light-tight drapes for a good nite sleep . tasteful modern decor and roomy . the bathroom and bedroom are separated by a good distance . the beds are heavenly . views from a corner suite , you can see the navy pier , millenium fountain s hourly water arch across the chicago river , lake michigan the harbor , buckingham fountain and part of millenium park . we were lucky enough to see the N Npm fireworks show from our window that are set from navy pier on the weekend . staff has that midwestern charm . the bell hops and front desk personnel are very helpful and friendly . i did not hear a peep out of housekeeping who were respectful . misc . every third floor has an ice machine . the Nth and Nth floors for example have ice . the location of the machine is in an isolated room , i m assuming to drown out the noise . it was a little creepy at night . guys won t care , women may feel a little ill at ease , but could certainly call room service . the staff is quite accommodating . in the lobby the hotel offers complimentary water , which may not sound like much , but the ice cold jugs have freshly cut fruit in them such as melon or strawberries . the restaurant in the hotel is the palm which has several locations nationwide and serves up a good steak . if you take a river architecture cruise , the guides will point out the swissotel as one of architect harry weese s triangle obsessed marvels . i was very impressed with this hotel and its staff . i m looking forward to more visits in the future and i highly recommend the swissotel to anyone traveling to chicago . 
this hotel is set in the perfect location and they must have spent months hiring all the staff . they are all so friendly and polite . the food at state and lake is amazing ! bacon burger . . . . mmmmmmmmmmmm ! from arriving with rudy in valet , then matt the best bellman i have ever seen in my N years of constant travel and hotel stays to annie at the desk that checked me in with a smile and a warm cookie ! everyone else i ran into was so approachable and friendly . but anything we had a question about or needed help with we went back to matt . he was so knowledgeable about chicago ( and the world for that matter ) and made us feel like more than just guests of a hotel . i believe we made a true friend . checkout was a breeze with onni . and we will definately make thewit a permenant chicago based home whenever we visit . rooms are very clean and so modern . everything was perfect ! 
i have stayed at the hilton right next store . these hotels are similar . parking is expensive , however . it costs N . N a day for valet parking and N if you park your own car--N . N more if you have an suv . hotel service is friendly- room is very clean . modern bathroom . 
we got really lucky on priceline and got the chicago hilton . truly a historic marvel . we were in awe when we walked in since we weren ' t expecting much . you should get a tour . we were lucky - the manager greeted us in the morning and kindly offered a personal tour . the swimming pool is very nice ( free ) and so is the gym ( N day ) . our room was just ok . the beds were small - we asked for N doubles . it caters to conventions so i think the double beds might be undersized to accommodate those who want to share rooms . also , the room was quite warm and we couldn ' t get it to cool . but this place is an experience and right across from grant park . memorable time ! 
we recently stayed at the hotel for one night in order to park and fly out of o ' hare . the hotel far exceeded our expectations . the room was nice and clean . the shuttle was waiting right outside the door and we were able to leave our car for N days . the price could not be beat . i recommend this hotel the next time you are flying out of o ' hare . 
from the moment that we arrived ( at N a . m . and after a long cold evening of travel ) , we were greeted and treated like royalty from the desk manager , milton , and staff . we three couples booked the " adventure " on travelzoo and were not sure what to expect from a hotel that was under renovation . let me tell you that the rooms , comfort of the beds , decor , snacks , attention to detail in directions , suggestions for resturants , shopping and area attractions , anything and everything that we asked of the staff , was all first class ! the preformance of ' wicked ' and devon ' s seafood resturant were supreme ! i was amazed how the staff remembered our names and welcomed us back after each outing . we can hardly wait to return to the ' family ' at the affinia ! milton made our visit extremely memorable ! thank you ! 
we stayed at the affinia because of a N deal which had to be prepaid with no cancellation refunds . the junior suite was very spacious although the furniture was a bit of a jumble . waits for elevators . had to pay for everything extra - high rates for internet , N water , N usa today , spa fees ridiculous . coffee provided in lobby until N only on weekdays . the location was great for sightseeing , but there aren ' t many restaurant options within walking distance - gino ' s east next door if you like deep dish pizza ( we don ' t ) and marcus samuelsson ' s c-chop in the hotel itself didn ' t seem like a very happening place - i ' d find a place closer to the river next time . i do have to commend them , though , for refunding a night ' s lodging when we had to come in a day late due to hurricane irene , although the people at the desk questioned it a bit on checkout ( i had called the day before we were to check in after rebooking my canceled flight hoping for an upgrade and was told we ' d be refunded despite the non refundable booking ) . also , it ' s a pet friendly hotel - nice to see dogs in the elevator . 
to begin with i made the mistake of booking through an internet booking site , thus paying N more than most of the guests for the same or lesser rooms . my fault , not the hotel ' s , but it doesn ' t help . while the website advises that the hotel is " close to union station " it is in fact a full mile away . check-in was awful we arrived around noon and were allowed to store our bags until the Npm check-in time , about which they were very strict by Npm , the lobby was filled with over N people who had arrived at various times during the afternoon but were not permitted to check in until exactly Npm . the rooms have no irons or ironing boards no mini bar no microwave things you ' d get standard even at a much cheaper roadside location . each room had a radiator and an air conditioning unit build into the window such that the window could not be opened this became a problem during the night when the power in the room failed in the stifling heat . the desk clerk responded to my complaint that the circuits were overloaded and nothing could be done . that ' s probably true the overhead light switch in the room sparked when i switched it ! at one point during the day at least one of the elevators got stuck and a guest had to climb out . the free " high-speed " internet is so slow that a short video would take close to an hour to download . the shelf over the sink in our bathroom was broken , leaving absolutely no place to store toothbrushes , etc . water pressure in the shower was poor ( although we were on a high floor in this N-storey building ) . we expected a complimentary continental breakfast , as their website advertised this , but when we got there , they told us they ' d stopped doing that - although that ' s one of the features i ' d paid for . the location is excellent - a block from the cta red line and a block or so from buckingham fountain - in a very noisy but busy and safe area of the city . despite the check-in fiasco and their inability to fix the power outages , the staff was very friendly and tried to be helpful . the " fully equipped " business center consisted of one computer and a non-functioning printer . this place was so much cheaper than anything else in the city , i should have realized it was too good to be true . i ' d recommend it , because for the difference in price i ' d volunteer to suffer . it ' s a glorified hostel , and if you can deal with that , this place is ok . 
we stayed here for four nights after getting a good deal on lastminute . com and honestly could not fault it in anyway , the staff were pleasent and courteous ( the concierge in particular was helpful in booking us a river cruise ) , with check in swift and hassle free , we had a spacious partial river view room with an extremely comfortable bed and an excellent power shower , we were room only so cannot comment on the hotel food but einstiens bagels is only a block away and was very reasonable for breakfast . in terms of location we got a blue line train from terminal N at o ' hare straight into park and lake ( about Nmins ) and the hotel was only a Nminute walk away , about N minutes walks you to the mag mile one way and to the shops of north state street the other ( filenes , old navy , macys etc ) . the house of blues was just across the road which is a must see and there are plenty of bars and restaurants in close proximity
this hotel was absolutely perfect ! i traveled with two of my good friends and we got a great rate for a fairly large room ! we had a king sized bed and a sofabed and two large tvs a stereo . it was clean , and the staff was friendly and helpful . after we checked in , they called to make sure the room was okay ! the location was also perfect not even N minutes from michigan avenue and within easy walking distance of navy pier ! the room ended up being N split N way ! i would recommend this to anyone staying in chicago . 
we stayed here for N nights recently and had a fantastic trip . the hotel ' s location is the biggest plus--so close to so many amazing restaurants and lots of great shopping . the free breakfast and supper were a huge hit with our N kids , although it was quite busy , especially at breakfast time . however , there was always lots of food being replenished . the pool was a big hit with our kids , and they didn ' t complain at all about the temperature . staff was helpful and friendly , the rooms were very clean and spacious . the kitchenette with full fridge , microwave , dishwasher etc . was great ! parking is expensive , but so are all the chicago hotels downtown . we will definitely go back here . 
the lobby was really clean and looked very much more high quality than i expected for the price . upon arriving at our room it appeared to be clean and included a refrigerator . there was a small sitting area with two small couches and double beds , which was perfect since we were not really close to public transportation . typically i like to stay closer to the trains , but parking was free and there is not much going on in this neighborhood so i probably won ' t recommend walking last at night alone for the average tourist . 
the room ( king loft ) , the library , the coffee bar , the books , the games , the public express room service , the pump room , the pump room photos , the bicycles , the neighborhood and most of all the friendly , helpful and happy staff ! all earned our love from hello . will return again and again . 
first time visit to the ritz carlton chicago , travel with wife and N kids . we had N deluxe adjoing rooms , very confortable beds ( four seasons bed ) , good size rooms , ample bathroom with premium amenities . service at the highest standard - four seasons - always with a smile and ready to help . the lobby area has a beautiful water fountain that provides serenity and peace while having breakfast nearby or enjoying a drink in the bar , also next to the fountain . the hotel is on top of a mall with N stores , with a few restaurants and deli ' s in the base floor . everything is close to the hotel , restaurants , bestbuy , american girl store . its like being in Nth ave n . y . , without the noise and hasle of n . y . , very quiet city with nice and respectful people . we enjoyed the ritz carlton and would recommend to friends and family . 
i stayed at the affinia during the weekend of january Nth and january Nth . this was a very wonderful hotel . the front desk staff was wonderful and always curtious and polite . just about everytime i either left the hotel or came into the hotel the front desk called me by name and even remembered where i was coming from ! ! this may be a bit different then the experience others had , but i stayed in the penthouse suite . it was quite nice and had everything one would need for a great stay . as you can see from the pictures i had a private balcony , livingroom , very large bathroom with both soaking tub and N person shower and a nice sized bedroom with king sized bed . the views were breathtaking and i purposly left all the blinds open at night so i could sleep under the city lights . now , don ' t get me wrong , some of the furnishings were a bit outdated and not brand new , but i really didn ' t care much about that . the service and location make up for that easily ! and that brings me to my next point about this hotel . the location ! you are one block off of michigan ave right next to nordstrom . it is a short walk to water tower place and the chicago river . this hotel was everything i expected and more ! if you are thinking whether or not to stay at this hotel i would highly advise you trying it out . let me point out one thing though . this isn ' t a super fancy dancy hotel , but you aren ' t paying through the nose for a room either . if you are going downtown and want to stay off the strip for a reasonable price , this hotel is for you ! the service will be great and the room will suit your needs fine . 
i read mostly good reviews about this place and i agree . i know , the rooms are small . so what ? i guess they should advertise this on their website or something . because of you take the room size out of the equation , everything else is above expectations . i mean even the room size is not a big deal , granted we don ' t have any kids and did not have a lot of luggage . but i mean if you go there and you know you most likely are going to have a smaller room then it ' s not such a big deal . from the moment you walk into the hotel you feel the difference , the smell , feel and look of everything is really well thought out . check in was nice and quick . our room was wonderful , it ' s nicely decorated , i loved the new bed and linen , i loved the desk and tv . there was something special about that room . the bathroom was again on the small side of things but still very nice . i liked it . they don ' t have coffee in the room but they have complimentary coffee in the lobby all morning long . if you ' re reading this review you know the hotel is in a good location . there is a parking right across the street on clark street that is N dollars for N hours . not bad for chicago . i got this hotel on priceline but i will not hesitate to book it again without priceline in the future . i am looking forward to trying their spa with my wife . go to the hotel felix , you won ' t regret it . 
i love the suite because you get the additional room . tvs in both the living room and bedroom , not that we used them so much , but nice to have . the complimentary buffet makes the morning so easy . the food was good and there was a good variety . the doorman and concierge were great help ! 
this hotel has an excellent location on chicago ' s golden mile and is within reach of all the major sites , especially the main shopping area . i stayed in the historic tower on one of the upper floors in february N . the water pressure is not great so high up , and it took about Nmin to fill the bath-if you like baths ! otherwise the room was comfortable and very clean . however , it was obviously partitioned off from a larger area with the usual problems of sound insulation from the room next door . the room was clean and reasonably well decorated , but in a rather N-Ns style with heavy drapes and large furniture needed e . g . to contain a large screen old style crt tv . the hotel has a really serious swimming pool ( at least N yds long ) which is kept well and appears to be in the original Ns ( ? ) decor-it is really a great place . the pool is free to guests , although the fitness room if used costs extra . the standard of service in the hotel was excellent , staff were always polite and seemed to observe the rule that the guest was always right . i had a cheap deal on this hotel as a result of a large conference block booking-around N dollars a night and for this it was a good deal . i guess such rates would only apply to such large block bookings , but if you can get a good deal , i would recommend staying here-especially if you like swimming ! . if not , and you are looking for more style , more modern decor etc you should consider other nearby places-the sheraton looked swankier-but probably much more expensive ? 
the beds are soo comfortable . travel quite often and i count these beds as one of only two hotels i have stayed in that have had beds this comfy . couldn ' t beat the view either . looking right at the hancock building out our window . didn ' t interact with staff much but the little we did was helpful . they even provided bandaids for my poor feet after buying new sandals ) very clean , very quiet . have recommended this hotel to family members already . only downside was that the breakfast options were a bit pricey for us , but plenty of options just a stroll down the street . 
unfortunately this trip was to attend a funeral , so it wasn ' t the best of circumstances . but thanks to the reviews on this site , we picked the holiday inn-midway airport . what a nice hotel ! new , very clean , and the service was outstanding . we called for extra hangars and pillows and they were delivered to our room within N minutes . and then the front desk phoned to make sure we had received what we requested . we were very impressed . the beds were very comfortable and the rooms were large . nice big flat screen tv with free hbo and a lot of other channels . small heated swimming pool and nice exercise room . our only criticism was of the in-hotel restaurant . the food was pretty awful there . but after our first experience , we found other restaurants very close by , so it was not really inconvenient . overall , a very pleasant stay . 
wow . . . a hard one to review . bbb rating was good . reviews were iffy due to some complaints . however , i decided to book anyway due to higher rates at other hotels during a sold out time period . i received a wholesale rate through resorts plus international even though the area was busy . the only complaint i have is the rooms were a little out dated . but the staff were friendly and accomodating . 
i stayed here the week of the insane heat wave that hit much of the us in july . i think it was N during the day , and in the Ns at night . my room was on the very top floor in the old tower , and the ac couldn ' t keep up . i had the thermostat set at N , and it was probably closer to N in the room . i mentioned this to the staff several times during my stay , and they temporarily fixed it twice , but i just gave up . the hallways to my room were oppressively hot . aside from the temperature issues , the hotel was great and i would definitely stay there again . the location is great , tons of bars and restaurants near by . 
i am a frequent traveler and hilton honors member . i normally stay at the hilton palmer house but wanted to be near northwestern so opted for the hilton suites . i was pleasantly surprised with my stay given reviews i had read prior to booking . the staff was very friendly . my suite was on an upper floor , very clean and i was happy with the size and layout . the bedroom , bathroom and living room area were all completely separate rooms with doors . i did not eat at the restaurant or go up to the pool so cannot comment regarding the other amenities . it was nice in the morning to have a small coffee shop available in the lobby area . i would stay here again and would recommend it to others , especially those with children for the price . 
i stayed for one night in october on the first leg of my multi city trip . as my plans had changed at almost the last minute i hadn ' t had a chance to notify the hotel that i was cutting my trip short . when i confirmed this at check in the desk clerk immediately asked if there was something they could do to change my mind . i explained that my trip plans had changed and he then offered me the choice of two rooms that were available , making a recommendation as to which he thought was best . this turned out to be a room in the west tower which is by far the quietest room choice . i made my way to my room and pretty much instantly ordered room service . this arrived within N mins and when i requested an additional condiment this was bought back up within N mins . the rooms are a good size with comfortable beds and pillows you literally sink into . the location is excellent for me as my office is within a ten minute walk . it s also within minutes of the magnificent mile for anyone looking to shop . my one disappointment was the fact there is an additional charge for wifi . 
i was surprised after all the horrible reviews to see that the hotel wasn ' t a complete hole . my brother booked the hotel , and i checked here to see how it rated . i was expecting to come into a rediculously bad room , but it was just more of a joke than anything . the bathroom is about the size of the closet , the bed was too close to the dresser , and you couldn ' t open it , and the stairs were closed . other than that , it wasn ' t too bad ! the rooms were fairly clean ( dusty , but tidy at least ) and the bed was comfortable . considering we were doing a lot of sight-seeing and were hardly at the hotel , it was perfect . 
hi friends i stayed for one night at the congress plaza hotel the weekend of may the Nst , i will explain why we only stayed one night later . after reading all of the reviews i was soooo scared of staying at the congress . i expected bugs , no a c , a dirty bathroom , dirty bed . . . i expected yuckiness to the Nth power . needless to say , i saw none of it . we had a lake view king on the Nth floor . the view was great ! the room and bathroom were clean . the park was across the street . the floors were clean . flat screen tv on the wall . the elevator doors look original . looks like where the rat pack might have stayed . it is not modern there is no hd tv it does not have floor to ceiling windows . it is not swanky or posh the only reson we stayed on night was because of the picketers . my bf just couldn ' t do it . crossing the picket line felt horrible . they have been picketing for N years . if you google it you will see why . so , if you want a clean room , clean bed , clean bathroom , a tv , a view of the lake and park and don ' t mind crossing the picket line . then stay here . but because of the picketers i just can not recommend it . 
this hotel is located minutes from the midway airport . it is staffed by very friendly and helpful people . it was so nice to be able to start the day well rested and full . the beds were comfortable and the rooms were quiet . the breakfast was very tasty and had many choices . 
this hotel is in a good location close to the lake and parks . also easy to get to the red and orange line . the rooms are comfortable but the cooling and heating system is not regulated by the guest . it is one unit and the hotel decides if ac should be on . i checked in at N Npm and the room was N degrees . it was like that most days out of my N day stay . at night with the window open ( and all the street noise coming in ) the room would get down to N maybe . 
we stayed at the palomar in chicago for two nights in early july and then returned for an additional night after some days in michigan . it is a very nice hotel with a decent swimming pool and is conveniently located . it was easy to come in from the airport on the subway , though unfortunately the station nearby was working on it ' s escalator , making coming up the stairs with heavy luggage a problem . the staff at the front desk is super helpful and recommended several good restaurants and sightseeing options . they booked our architectural boat tour , which was one of the best things we did in chicago . we would definitely stay there again . 
big fancy conference type hotel , maybe about N blocks from michigan ave -easily walkable to shopping . we stayed in the higher floors , the room was very clean and modern for the most part . no mini fridge but ice machine nearby . the room provided a bottle of water but i didn ' t touch it since i would imagine they they would charge you N for it ? didn ' t have time for swimming but the indoor lap pool looked decent although the water looked a little merky . . there is a pool towel boy check in desk before you enter so you would think he would have time to check the chemicals once in awhile . nice outdoor deck looking over the river . tip free internet at the internet cafe down in the basement area . a block across from the hotel is a domicks grocery , walgreens , amc theater game place , its about a N minute walk to the navy pier and millinium park . i would suggest taking a cab to millinium park-its walkable but had to go through a long under pass and it smelled like urine and it was creepy . 
this was my Nrd or Nth stay at the talbott . i really do love this hotel . the location is only N blocks from the chicago state red line stop . N blocks from michigan ave and the hancock tower . over the last N years since i started staying at the talbott when in chicago , i feel the value for the dollar isn ' t as good as it was . but this is understandable . it is a great hotel , so is on par with other hotels charging similar rates . you used to get passes to the fitness formula club ( gold coast location ) a short few blocks away , but now they give you passes to the equinox club which is actually closer on michigan ave . however , the fitness formula club was way better . it was much bigger and had a huge selection of equipment . so this is disappointing . free internet is very reliable . never once had any problem . next time i ' m in chicago , even though i love the talbott , i think i might try something else since the same money can buy other hotels rated just as high on trip advisor . 
second stay at a chicago hilton this summer . both rooms were dark with cost saver yellow lighting looked out at other rooms , not at the street or sky were huge but only partially furnished and were ice cold - even with air cond off . lobby ' s nice , room ' s not up to par with pleasant rooms at other hotels . these rooms will make you want to go home for sure . 
i really enjoyed staying at this hotel . it offered everything i was looking for and made my stay in chicago one of the best . thank you for the lovely accomodations ! 
the only issue we had with this hotel was the valet . it ' s a zoo getting the car . great room for a great price on hotwire . com . 
my finance i visited chicago over labor day weekend stayed at the hyatt regency . i have stayed there before it ' s a very trendy hotel . the location is great ( even though it ' s on the south side of the river ) , with the ability to walk to grant park , down michigan avenue , and to navy pier . positives location , price ( if booked on-line in advance ) , rooms are updated have a mini frig w a fully stocked bar , an air purifier , comfortable beds , and the restuarants bars w in the hotel . the big bar is great for happy hour , however , very , very , trendy after N Npm . there ' s a convenience store next to the hotel and during the winter when it ' s cold , snowy , etc . ( the underground walkways are very convenient to get around in a several block area ) . improvement no pool or spa . you have to walk to the gym pay N a day to use it . the hip-hop bar on the weekends in the lobby with a long line mostly mid-N year olds , makes the hotel lobby extremely loud ( i feel sorry for the front desk staff ) . i recommend it to business travelers weekend get aways . not good for kids . 
decided to cruise down to chi-town for a long weekend as a little road trip to get out of this crazy city . checked with my friends on tripadvisor and found the majestic mile hampton that looked pretty good and was priced pretty reasonably . . . so i booked it . upon arriving , w monroe street was under some crazy renovation . . . so watch the pot holes and exposed manhole covers . the valet guys are really confusing but kind of funny and nice . expect to pay N night for valet ( or parking anywhere in the city ) with in and out priveledges . there are homeless people sleeping in the parking garage so they make you take out your electronics and sign a waiver . . . i guess it ' s expected anywhere in any major metro city . we were in a nice N sports car and didn ' t have any problems so i wouldn ' t worry about it . reception is on the Nth floor - angel at the front desk is awesome . . . really nice ! checking is a breeze and we stayed on the Nth floor . not much of a view since we faced an office building but i didn ' t really care . room is neat with pumpkin orange walls with high ceilings ( N ft ? ) . we had N double beds with a N inch samsung flat screen tv . did the bed bug test and didn ' t see anything . the mattresses actually looked pretty new but were a little too soft for my liking . sheets were crisp and clean and unsoiled . bathrooms are clean with a granite counter top and nice hot and powerful shower . no complains on the room . . . nothing fancy but super clean , comfortable , and nice . fitness centre is ' meh ' . it ' s free N N . . . N treadmills , N eliptical , a cable station , and balance ball . they all have tvs built in so bring your headphones or use theirs with ' supplied ear covers ' that were out of stock when i was there . i think that ' s kind of nasty anyway . . . who wants to wear some sweaty old headphones ? dang . . . ice is available on every floor and drink vending machines are on every Nnd floor . free breakfast ! a lot of free breakfasts are i but this one is decent . there are waffles , potatoes , bacon , english muffins , toast , cheese danishes , apple danishes , fresh fruit , apples , bananas , oranges , raisin bran , cheerios , another bran cereal , blueberry muffins , decaf , robust , regular coffee , and herbal teas . also a juice dispencer with apple , orange , and a mango guava juice ( i think ) . a nice perk is that coffee , tea , and some fruit is available complimentary N N in the lobby . i made some good use of it ! there are also pre-bagged breakfasts at the front desk if you have to grab one to go . two computers located in the lobby for internet access but i didn ' t use them since there is free wifi . overall , i ' d totally recommend . clean , safe , convenient . . . can ' t ask for more . to put the cherry on the sundae , it ' s right downtown . you can walk to food , the skydeck , willis tower , and many of the other attractions . and if you like shopping , you can get to state street where shopping starts . there is a forever N right on the corner followed by a t-mobile , huge macy ' s , cartier , disney store , puma . . . . chicago is a great city that everyone should see . it ' s layed out nicely with fantastic architecture and such a great character to it . the stuffed deep dish pizza is a must . only caution is that in the downtown area on friday and saturday there are a lot of people asking for money at dawn and later . . . . but even so , i felt safe . 
my wife and i stayed at the palmer house for one night . we scored a great rate through hotwire . we checked in on a friday afternoon . i expected the hotel to be busy since it was a holiday weekend . in addition , college football was at soldier field . the line at registration was fairly long . but it moved quickly . our room was on the Nth floor . the floor was recently rennovated . overall , the room was nice . it had two beds and two bathrooms . nice linens . what i don ' t understand is why the bathroom fixtures were of holiday inn quality . the rest of the room was done at the palmer house level of quality . kind of weird . we contacted housekeeping to have the linens changed due to allergies . they were changed promptly . the hotel is still undergoing rennovation . overall , another nice stay at the palmer house . 
i would like to compliment the talbott hotel after my incredible stay . my room was beautiful , roomy and luxurious . the talbott staff was very friendly , especially office manager sarah yates , who answered every question and went out of her way to make my stay one of the best in chicago . this truly is a five star hotel with an excellent location . i will make this hotel , my hotel of choice in chicago and you should too . 
the great location is my favorite aspect of this hotel . just steps off michigan ave . , and very near the red line subway . staff was friendly , rooms are small , but the sheets and pillows are heavenly . bathroom is also nice . they even had books in the room for you to look at . would definitely stay again . 
my friend and i stayed here for lollapalooza and it was in such a great location close to many attractions . we were able to walk wherever we wanted and the parking garage was close as well as much cheaper than many others . our first night we were in a suite and wow ! but when we had to go back to our original room it was very nice as well . all staff was helpful and there were no issues even with our late check in . for the location the price was also affordable . our only complaint was the overly firm beds . all in all , we ' d definitely stay here again ! 
great location for sightseeing , shopping , nightlife , anything important for the windy city ! the staff is more than nice , happy to give advice , help with the luggage and birng additional cosmetics in a minute . well . . . i guess the best luck that we have ever had when bidding for the hotel . i would recommend it for both business and private trips . 
my daughter and i came for a very short weekend and i was hoping for a carefree one . although i made it clear i was a light sleeper and needed a quiet area of the hotel , we ended up in a corner that allowed me absolutely no sleep with all the ambulances blaring all night . no problem . . . they adjusted my bill and moved us to a different corner and higher floor for the second night . perfection ! room service dinner the first night was not a success and the room smelled from the fish most of the night . no problem . . . they adjusted the bill and the second night we ordered their ' design your own ' pizza . don ' t miss it ! without reservation i say it is the best i ' ve had anywhere ! if you require a firmer bed , do ask for the boards they are happy to place under the mattresses . finally , believe the concierge when he she says it would be prudent to order your shedd aquarium tickets online . i was absolutely astounded by the N N-mile long line when we got there . of course , with tickets in hand , we walked right in . finally , do sign up ( free ) for the select member program as this allows you free in-room internet access as well as a choice of beverages ( and a lovely cup of yogurt ) delivered to your room ( free ) in the morning . i can ' t wait to come back ! 
stayed recently for a conference and paid usN per nite . i had requested beforehand for , and was assured at reception upon check-in that my room was one of the newer , upgraded ones . but turned out to be an old room . as it was already past midnite , i didn ' t bother to complain . i shall not repeat the other reviewers ' comments about the smallness of the room and toilet , shocking lack of room fridge ( for a purportedly premier property ) ) and general tiredness of the property . if i do return to chicago , which is a great city , i really see no compelling reason to stay in the palmer again . 
my husband and i were in the palmer house hilton for five nights . i had read some reveiws previous to our stay . boy , were they off the money . don ' t fall for the negative reviews you see . the staff and concierges were wonderful . they were attentive to our needs and fulfilled them prefectly . the hotel was always very clean as well as our room . the beds were so comfy it was like being at home with our high count sheets and feather bed . the sound of the trains was faint so that was not an issue . the hotel was situated to alot of sights as well as resturants . we also walked to alot of places . if i ever go back to chicago i will definetly choose the famous palmer house hilton again . 
stayed at the hotel monaco for the very first time the weekend of november N . having never heard anything - good or bad - about the property , i had no idea what to expect . what a delight ! everything was excellent all the way around - from the decor , the impeccable maid service , friendly front desk staff ( thanks , mark ! ) , delicious food in the restaurant , great downtown location to the goldfish friend to keep us company ! as a suburbanite who often commutes into the city for events and a way to escape , i ' ve found a real gem that i ' ll visit again . be sure to sign up for their intouch loyalty program . this free membership gave us N towards a mini-bar purchase as well as free internet . 
just spent N nights at the hard rock on a wistle stop tour in chicago at the start of a tour around the usa . the best thing about the hotel is the location which is just over the river on michigan ave only a couple of hundreds yards form all the serious shopping on the magnificant mile . the rooms are of a good size for a city centre hotel and are pretty comfortable as long as you stay as high as you can due to road noise . the room service food was poor and quite expensive but if you avoid this your stay will be enjoyable . one thing me wife did not like was the fact that the rooms are poorly lit so it made getting ready ( make up etc ) a little tricky . things to make sure you experince in chicago include the shedd aquarium , the river tour and the cheesecake factory below hancock tower . 
stayed at the hyatt for business . took a cab to hotel . don ' t know if the subway will get you close to hotel . checked in went smooth even thought hotel was very busy . i had a room with a wonderful view of the river and the navy pier . room was clean and bed comfortable . this is a business hotel during the week , but can see how it would be a good tourist hotel also . i like the service and prompt attention . you can check out via phone , menu on tv or down at the the desk . there are limited places to eat around hotel but walk down wacker and there are lots of choices . ask at the front desk . there is an underground area with all kinds of places to eat . . starbucks , fast food , etc . connected to the west tower . enjoyed my stay and would return . 
i was very happy with the room and the N service they had . i think this is a great deal , if you ' re on the budget , and need mainly sleeping amenities . the parking is free , and the lot is fenced . we walked everywhere , to the hancock and the navy pier . kids had a blast for breakfast at the next door mcdonalds - which is the cleanest , and the best one i ' ve ever been to - with the museum and interactive stuff they have . the N hrs walgreens , two blocks down , was also very useful . this location is great , the kids were so excited to be in the middle of everything . in spite of the winter weather it was easy to have them walking around . there was an attraction on each block they walked on , like rainforest cafe , or the portillo ' s and barnelli ' s restaurant . the purpose for our chicago visit was to visit the downtown and the museums , and this hotel was awesome for our needs . 
found hotel on internet . looked up reviews and decided to book it . excellent choice . great location , easy to get around . comfortable room , especially bed . staff very helpful . conciege makes great suggestions re whats happening in the city . we took his advice and had a great time , both at a restaurant and show . will definately be back too chicago and will stay again at same millenium knickerbocker hotel . 
before arriving the room was booked on priceline at a very reasonable rate . the hotel was very centrally located downtown in a quiet neibourhood . hotel has free wi-fi for guests . the only downfall of this hotel is the size of the rooms . even for a single business traveler , i found the room to be very small . 
we stayed at the hotel for N nights , wish it could have been longer . to my surprise , i was upgraded to a N bedroom suite . . . the only thing missing was a view of lake michigan , but we managed ) my hilton honors membership allowed us access to the executive lounge , which had a stunning view of lake michigan . breakfast in the lounge offered thier famous ' muselli ' along with some wonderful pastries and baked goods , cereals , cheses , lox . . too much to mention ! the lounge is also open for cocktails ( for a fee ) and light appetizers . there seemed to be ample seating available and there was a computer there also . our room was more than spacious . when we opened the door to our room , we were in the foyer , roughly N feet long and N feet wide . on the right side was our living room with a wet bar . . . . there was no way this could be confused with a ' sitting area ' , this truly was a living room with full sofa and lounge chairs . the wet bar was a nice surpise and well used ! our bedroom contained an extrememly comfortable huge bed and another sofa . tv ' s in both rooms . the bathroom reflects the era when the hotel was built . . . walk in shower , soaking tub , mirrored sink , scale , the toilet seemed odd ( especially with the flush handle coming out of the wall ) but all worked well . i was thrilled to have such great housekeepers on our floor . they always took time to say hello and asked if we needed anything . they were getting the suite across the hall from us ready and offered a quick peak at the view of lake michigan . . . nice view , but our room had a seperate bedroom . . . . then . . . one of them said . . . . " go down to the end of the hall in about a half hour , we ' re getting another suite ready and winked . " turns out they were cleaning the " lady dianna " suite . . . . . . and . . . . . i got a sneak peak at that too ! ! ! ! there are so many surprises this hotel holds . the evelators have benches . . . never saw that before ! oh my gosh , our room had a doorbell ! we left something in our car and asked if we could get it out . . turned out it is a N minute walk to the garage . so , when you choose valet parking , please know your car is not being parked in the garage next to the hotel , but down the street . . . the valets were great and deserve any appreciation you can give them . the drake is one of those hotels that will remain in my thoughts as one i can not wait to go back too . yes , having a suite was lovely , but i would not mind having a standard room as well . thank you to all who made our short stay so memorable . 
stayed at the mk with my wife and teenage son for N nights august N -N , N and must say we experienced none of the problems mentioned in earlier negative reviews . we called ahead and requested a room with N beds which was ready even though we arrived at N pm . that was the start of some extremely courteous and efficient service we received from every member of the hotel staff . the room itself was a decent size -- we never felt crowded in it -- and was very clean and tastefully decorated . the beds were comfortable , climate controls worked well and water pressure in the shower was very good . the only negative was our bathroom was extremely small -- you felt cramped even with one person in it . otherwise we thought the rest of the hotel was in very good condition considering its age . the lobby area was nice and the martini bar and adjoining lounge area were very pleasant places to relax and enjoy a drink . plus the location is just great -- a short walk to the oak street beach , water tower place , rush street and dozens of bars , restaurants and shops . we paid N on priceline and thought that was a great value . we have been to chicago on several occasions but our stay at the millenium knickerbocker made this one an especially pleasant trip . we would definitely stay there again . 
my husband and i stayed N nights at the allerton and it has been a great experience , the staff has been very nice and helpful , they upgraded us to a suite , which was grand , the bed was absolutely very confortable . the location is just perfect , in the middle of magnificent mile , were all the shops are and very close to everything . i would definitely reccomend this hotel for a nice stay in chicago . 
just got back from chicago . stayed one night at the hotel N . the hotel is nice , but older . the room was big by chicago standards and it felt lacking in in decor . the views out of our Nth floor windows were fantastic . then there was the bed . i called it the fred flinstone bed . it was so hard and uncomfortable that i was unable to sleep all night . additionally , in the morning my back hurt . i mean really hurt . i thought the location was great , but i doubt i would ever stay here again . 
the allegro was great , very laid back and fun , but with enough quality amenities . my family went on a euro trip in the spring , and got a chance to stay in some pretty nice suites . my kids commented that they liked the allegro way better than any of the euro hotels which included the hilton waldorf london , swissotel istanbul , and westin excelsior rome . pretty cool . really beyond expectations based on how " depriciated " the property became in the final years of the hotel bismark era . the mattress furniture were in good shape , the attitude of staff was superb , and gift bags for kids and dog was a nice touch . i just wish i visited chicago more often . . . 
i have stayed at the james and will continue to stay there . room service is great . toiletries are the best . the vibe is similar to that of chicago , upbeat and unpretentious . trader joe ' s across the street for vino and extra water . i love having a nightcap in the bar or starting the night there . 
the comfort suites in chicago is a perfect location along the magnificint mile . it is close to shops and great restaurants . the room itself was great with a wonderful view of the river and some of the beautiful architecture that chicago is so famous for . one of my colleagues mentioned that she had a washer and dryer in her room . i actually thought she was joking until i opened up one of the doors in my bedroom and saw for myself that there truly was a washer and dryer . how convenient for travellers ! the staff was extremely helpful and i was especially impressed with the doormen . they always had a smile to greet you with and it was obvious they valued exceptional customer service . 
first off , my wife selected this hotel , not only because of its great historic nature , but , because they assured her that , i , who am disabled , would be amply accommodated during my stay , especially for my birthday . well , this did not happen ! our room was located extremely far from the elevators and was very difficult to orient in it was set up very poorly ! it was not at all " disabled friendly " ! for example , no curbside ramps , no commplimentory valet parking for the disabled , which incidentally i had to have valet parking was a whopping N . N a night ! additionally , no cable or satalite tv , no free internet access , no wet bar , no free coffee in the room , not even free continetal breakfast was offered . a mandatory N gratuity for room service is automatically added to room service charges . and this is only a few of the disappointments there are many others ! " pet friendly " wrong , there was a steath and outrageous N . N fee added to the room rate , if you possess a pet this was never mentioned until we checked-in ! we opted to spend good money ( N . N a night ) hoping to be catered to , but all we experienced , was a money sucking vacuum cleaner , with strong suction ! everywhere we turned , there was some sort of charge ! on a positive note , the hotel had comfortable beds . overall , i will never stay here again and i strongly do not recommend this hotel , especially , if you are disabled . chicago has myriads of fine hotels that do not fleece you opt to choose them ! highly disillusioned , robert f . 
 " luxury boutique , " " personalized service " and " spectacular setting " are not just words in the hotel ' s promotional materials , they are a " lifestyle " at the sutton place . they say it is impossible to make a second ' first impression ' and the staff at the front door , the concierge desk and the front desk are genius at accomplishing this . their warmth and hospitality made us feel like we were truly wanted the first time and every time we walked in and out the front door during our stay . david sowell , general manager , and jennifer pfeiffer , director of sales and marketing , were so gracious to meet . our stay was more than marvelous . thank you . 
stayed at swissotel the weekend of oct . Nth . the hotel is in a great location sort of in the middle between millennium park art institute and the shops on michigan avenue . we were able to walk everywhere and even to the train stop , which is maybe N blocks away . at night , it was too cold to walk , so we took cabs , even to places only N mile away . the hotel was simple , clean and didn ' t try to be too trendy or over the top , with mostly business travelers . the double room was spacious and clean . 
we stayed at this hotel for a conference . we were given an accessible room with a " roll-in shower " without a divider between shower floor -- we soon learned this meant a giant puddle in the middle of the bathroom floor that didn ' t dry the entire day . this room would be better used for someone with actual need for accessible accommodations . the room was small and dark , with a dismal view of an alley . but all this isn ' t unexpected for a city hotel what really rankled were the outrageous charges for every single amenity that by all rights should be included in a luxury hotel . internet access was N day ( ! ! is this N ? ) , the daily use of gym cost the same amount ( ! ! ! ) , and i was charged a N handling fee for a package i received at the hotel -- which wasn ' t even delivered to my room i had to actually walk over to shipping to pay for the privilege of being handed my package . it ' s truly disappointing that a landmark hotel should so gracelessly charge for basic amenities . the hotel showed signs of past splendor , but is now just a fancily wallpapered cash cow . staying at a modest holiday inn express , with free internet , gym and breakfast , would have been better . shame on you , hilton . 
despite mixed reviews on this site , my stay here has been wonderful . the staff is courteous and helpful . rooms are small but lovely . meeting rooms were great and internet was complimentary for our group . arrived mid- morning , asked for early check in and a room with a view and was graciously given both ! 
we stayed at this hotel last week for four nights and had a great time . the hotel was clean and the service was great . the reason i am writing this review is just to let others know the wifi was horrendous . the main lobby , the " link " in the lower lobby even in the club lounge on the Nrd floor . i was only able to get on once . the concierge said that it had been that way for months and that i could possibly get a reduced rate for service in my room which seemed like a bit of a scam in my opinion . also found the N pc in the lounge and however many in the links to be quite busy as there were a few conventions going on so while i did use them often had to wait . when wanting to check tour times and set our schedule for the day it did become a bit frustrating . on another note , while i did not attempt to use my cell phone i did hear from a few other guests that they found it difficult to get a signal . all in all this would not deter me from staying here again i just wanted to pass my feedback along . 
this is one of the " famous N hotels " in chicago ( others being the drake and palmer house ) . location is good , although a little far south along grant park if you are wanting to do mostly mag mile activities . but it is a short walk to many train connections . hotel is beautiful , lobby and ballrooms are legendary . i got a cheap ( N ) room on priceline on the start day of a major convention . they did give me a nice lake view framed with shedd adler to the right and burnham harbor in front of me . room was fine , bathroom spacious and quiet overall . only complaint was that a lamp base was broken on the vanity next to my bad , which should have been caught . room as clean enough , and as an honors member there is free bottled water ( not chilled though ) in the room . if you get a good price and plan activities in the loop south loop mag mile , or points west and south , this is a pretty good choice . food in kitty o ' shea ' s ( irish pub off the lobby ) was good and service friendly . pretty pricey , though no surprise there . chicago was great as always ! ! 
the intercontinental chicago is world class--at amazingly low rates ! from the beginning ( checking in with agnieszka szumal--who was polite , professional , personal ) to walking into a fabulous room ( with my wife son ) to enjoying the incredible pool gym ( not to mention the restaurant bars ) to shopping on the magnificent mile ( taking advantage of huge sales ) , our time at this hotel was simply fabulous ( we travel around the world , so we have a lot to compare it to ! ) . the next time you are in the windy city , do yourself a big favour . . . check into the intercontinental chicago ! 
my stay was very enjoyable . the hotel was centrally located . the staff and service provided was excellent . the complimentary full service breakfast was delicious . the cook prepared a delicious omelet . 
my N-year-old daughter and i enjoyed our N-night week-end stay at the conrad . the location is great - at the end of mag mile michigan avenue , connected to nordstrom ' s . the rooms are big for this area , and the bathrooms are nice and spacious . appreciated the separate door to the water closet . we took other readers ' advice and upgraded to the city-view room in hopes of reduced street noise ( these rooms do not face mich ave ) while i don ' t have a comparison , i am a light sleeper and slept very soundly . the fitness center was above average . if memory serves , there were N treadmills , N ellipticals , N stationary bikes , a few weight machines , and a full set of dumbells . i visited the fc at N N a . m . on a saturday and the only wait was for an elliptical . the complimentary aromatherapy pillows are a nice touch , and the eucalyptus offering helped with the travel-induced congestion . also appreciated by both my teenager and me was the complimentary wireless , to which we connected effortlessly . the hotel was at full capacity , but we did not have long waits for elevators as i have had at other area hotels . we did not try the restaurant or room ervice . had this been an adult-trip , the terrace looked like a perfect spot for a post-shopping cocktail . i have stayed at the marriott , wyndham , and embassy suites in the mag mile area , and i would say the conrad was the best of the N , based on its location the style , size and comfort of rooms and overall value . 
this sheraton was one of the best sheratons in which i have stayed . it had a few issues ( room not ready at check-in time , dresser door broken ) but everything was remedied quickly and with a pleasant smile . we just returned from a N night stay there ' d and were very pleased with our choice of hotel . we had a nice view of the chicago river and a portion of lake michigan and did not even request an upgraded view room . we had requested a slightly larger room because we had my son ' s wheelchair to store in the room and we were provided with a larger room which was certainly helpful and welcome since there were four of us staying five nights . the best part of the sheraton was the location . we were walking distance to practically everything in the city - navy pier , mag mile ( michigan ave ) , the loop , grant park , millennium park and even the museum area ( about N . N miles to them but totally walkable ) . we even walked to sears ( willis tower ) and john hancock building . the breakfast buffet at lb bistro was probably the best i ' ve ever had too ! 
the hotel is magnificent and is in an excellent location for doing anything in chicago . i was there for a conference and the facilities were excellent . free wi-fi , which is always good ! the room was clean and the view from the Nth floor was fantastic . friendly and helpful staff . great lobby for having a drink and meeting people . 
this hotel is in perfect location for anything you would like to do downtown . the hotel itself is amazing . i was in the historical tower and the rooms are beyond nice and the views are breathtaking . everyone was very helpful there especially victor at the concierge desk . 
we stayed here for N nights from N november and extended it for a further night . my wife secured the booking online for about usd N per night plus taxes , but because of very strong occupancy ( rsna conference ) we had to pay usd N for last unarranged night . i thought this was very reasonable for a central chicago hotel ( compared to sydney prices this was brilliant value ! ! ) and the weak usd helps us too . we were upgraded to a suite ( i suspect due to us being spg members ) and it was great . sure , there was no view but we focus more on the ability to sleep at night ( ie no noise ) and comfortable bed ( which was great ) . we were on level N of the N level building . big plus was the free wifi broadband internet . free coffee for the perculator also provided . i am not sure if it is the hotel ' s fault as to what tv services they subscribe to but what programs came out of the box in the evening was of very poor quality . hotel is many have said is in a great position - trader joes very handy for all those bits and pieces you need and great value too . my wife was attending two conferences ahead of the rsna one ( she is still in chicago but at a different hotel which had already been booked with another lady ) . so i walked everywhere as it was that handy - to the chicago history museum in the north to millenium park in the south ( take a bow chicagoeans - you have done a wonderful job in creating this - something to be remembered as being created at the turn of the century ) . thanksgiving day it snowed in the morning so i was a happy chappy coming from N degree celcius brisbane heat ! ! ) . we also recommend attending the piano bar - sat right next to the piano player from about Npm to just after midnight - absolutely brilliant ( pity people have to smoke though ! ! ) . this hotel will certainly be our first option when returning to chicago - i cannot understand why others need to pay usdN plus to get a little more . go past this hotel and you enter the state of diminishing returns . 
gorgeous lobby and staircase ! felt like i was walking onto the titanic ! hotel personnel were great and i thoroughly enjoyed " happy hour " ! i enjoyed the " chill " music in the lobby . felt like i was in a nice lounge . ) our room , on the other hand , was a complete turn off . extremely small , inconvenient , tacky decor overload . i guess i get the sizing of the room ( ssssssssooooooo small - N sq . ft . says the website ) since it is an old building but the decor was just fugly ! someone should ' ve mentioned to the " designer " that the darker the paint , the smaller the room appears . a blue room ? seriously ? website states , " design inspired by retro luxury cruise ships " . if they were going for a scene from the N ' s N ' s classic " the love boat " , i think they nailed it . the mirror in the room was useless since it had some dirt-like looking designs on them . i ' m assuming the age of the building had to do with the fact that the bathroom had no exhaust fan . god forbid i took a hot shower ! waiting about N minutes after to use the bathroom mirror was annoying . sink was small , useless , and you had to have the water running slowly otherwise it ' d splash everywhere . our ipod clock didn ' t work but we brought small speakers so we didn ' t miss it much ! the best thing about the room was that it made my husband and i not want to stay in there so we were out all day and night to avoid our roach motel of a room . i suggest you ask for anything but the queen king deluxe room unless you ' re by yourself and like to take cool showers . obtaining internet access is tedious . have to enroll into some loyalty program before gaining access . pretty dead in the area on weekends but thankful for the dunkin ' donuts next door ( hotel doesn ' t offer continental breakfast ) and the transit system , a hop , skip and away ! loved seeing dogs in the hotel but thought it was a tad much to allow dogs to sit on the couches . N-N min walk to michigan ave , N min walk to millennium park so no biggie ! ! ! hotel website states that self-park parking is N with in and out privileges . if you don ' t plan on driving ( my husband and i took cabs ) , then it ' s N without in and out privileges . the hotel is a N out of N , our room was a N out of N ( our bed was comfy at least ! ) . i think we got a good deal with the pricing of the hotel too so all in all , a decent experience . 
dana has surpassed all of my expectations . we arrived late on a friday night to spend a long holiday weekend in from the city from florida . the check in process was seamless and the front desk was very helpful with providing information . the only con was in reference to some of the shared areas to include the elevator seemed a little " worn " however , this was all overlooked once i stepped into our room with corner views of the city awesome ! 
i was visiting friends , when they had to leave for an unexpected family emergency . i was referred to the carlton inn- midway , and was pleasantly surprised with my visit ! warm and friendly staff , well maintained and clean , and convenient access to the orange line and downtown . felt like i had received more than the price i paid . . . thank you for the great stay ! ! we ' ll be back ! 
my husband and i booked this hotel for a saturday night through hotwire and were delighted to discover that it was walking distance from the goodman theater , the museum of the art institute , and the train station , the three places we planned needed to go . our room on the fifth floor was small , but tastefully decorated in a modern style , and it was equipped with everything we needed including free wifi and a coffee maker . other amenities included a comfortable king-size bed , flat-screen tv , desk , overstuffed chair , microwave and fridge . the bathroom had a large shower--no tub--and a blow dryer . the bathroom was fairly generously sized , though i wished there had been more counter space . near the elevators was a purified water dispenser and a rack of empty plastic bottles for helping ones self . we were not disturbed by noise during the night , either from outside or inside the hotel . the lobby features two self-check in stations , but there were also friendly helpful staff behind the desk for check in and out . there was a lounge , with a gas fireplace , off the lobby , where we waited for our bags to be brought down--the hotel was nice enough to keep them for us at no charge after we checked out so we could go to the museum unencumbered . there was also a restaurant bar off the lobby , but we didn ' t go there . we did avail ourselves of the seven-eleven conveniently located across the street . it was all that was open late saturday as we strolled back to the hotel after N pm . the starbucks downstairs was not open sunday morning , but there were a number of open cafes in the direction of the museum . the hotel is in an old , repurposed office building , but it has been completely redone . the hallways are narrow and the rooms are small , but this is a quality hotel . we would certainly stay there again . 
bed bugs . stay away . i am pretty forgiving when it comes to hotels . i always stay at chains with my rewards points but this was cheap , looked very nice on the website , and had the perfect location . since i was staying one night , i fugred , what the heck , take a chance . the hotel looks like the spent a lot of mone ymaking it look like a boutique in the lobby , but what they do spend on lobby decore they dont spend on cleaning staff or the room upkeep . the room was tiny , and the bathroom in this non-smoking room reeked of smoke . all of this i could forgive becayse it was one night and i wasn ' t spending much time in the room . the next morning i woke up with over N bed bug bites . they found the bugs after i left and say they have corrected the problem , but you dont get N bed bug bites unless its ben a problem for a very long time . it is one month later and i still have people asking me what all those red dots are on my arms . 
my sister and i were traveling and unable to get back east after the hurricane irene . traveling by train , from union station , just outside the station we could see a holiday inn . we took a chance and walked to this hotel . we we were delighted . the staff was very friendly and helpful . the hotel was clean . the attached restaurant was excellent . we would definitely stay again . 
nice little boutique hotel in a very good location for shopping , food and sight-seeing . the staff is friendly , especially the bellmen , and they do try to be helpful but there seems to be a lack of attention to detail . when a parcel arrived for us , there was no message from the front desk about its delivery . we had to ask before we received our parcel . the beds are very comfortable but there are a number of touches missing in the room . there are no coffee tea making facilities and no fridge either , so it is rather inconvenient if you want to have a drink without resorting to room service . there were also rather strange housekeeping practices that kept us intrigued but certainly not amused . the day after we arrived , housekeeping left a fresh set of toiletries in the bathroom , presumably to replace what we had already used on our first day there . however , we did not start on the new set of toiletries immediately as we hadn ' t finished the original lot . inexplicably , on subsequent days , one item after another disappeared from the bathroom . first the second tube of shampoo was removed from our room and then a tube of shower gel . in their place , we were given tube after tube of hair conditioner which we did not need or use ! this made us think that certain items were in short supply eg . the shampoo and others were in abundance , eg . the hair conditioner and the housekeeping staff had to keep juggling to make ends meet . despite these drawbacks , it is still a rather nice hotel and i would hope that the management would give attention to the shortcomings mentioned above . 
my friends and i stayed at the comfort suites april N-may Nnd . we got a great rate ( approximately N . N per night ) . we were heading to the cubs game on the Nth , and the front desk was kind enough to stow our bags in a locked room and everything was fine when we picked them up for check-in . the hotel is fairly close to an " l " line as we flew in from o ' hare . the hotel is also close to the red line ( wrigley field or us cellular field ) . location , this hotel for its price is unparalled . the room was quite large . we had a full kitchen , walk in closet , and desk area . i was under the impression each room had wi-fi , which it does not . hotel does provide ethernet cords . room also had flat screen tvs . we were given free hot breakfast each day ( saturday eggs , and bacon . sunday omlete and sausauge links . waffles are there each day ) . we didnt use the exercise equipment . the only drawback was the bathroom . i thought it was small , our toilet didnt flush occasionally , and my friend called for extra towels friday evening and someone told him that they were out . i asked saturday morning ( at Nam ) and had towels delievered within N minutes , so i am unsure about the difference N hours made in the towel situation . overall , i would definately stay here again . this is a great hotel for the value . the beds were great ( pillows were not ) . everyone was very friendly and the location to the magnificent mile is great for the price . you also have a N-N and cvs pharmacy very close by for any incidental needs . 
i had to be in chicago for business and the whole city was booked out . having left my booking till late , i found the prices were out of control ! i searched pricline and found two choices - a N star hotel and the westin north river - for the same price ! i chose the westin , but i was very concerned because of the bad reviews i read - especially highlighting poor service the reviewers had received . i can only say that those people must have picked the one day of the year that the service was less than exemplary . the location was fantastic , the room excellent and the service peerless . upon checkin i was automatically upgrade and given complementary breakfast the concierge organised a tour for me and followed up to see if i enjoyed it . the only downside was that i found out that all westins in north america are now non-smoking , but that too was a good thing as i had a great stay and cut down at the same time . i mentioned the poor reviews to the staff as i was leaving and told them how wrong the reviews were - they were really upset that some guests had not enjoyed the hotel . while the price at the time was high ( but still the same as a two star property was advertising ) i will definitely be staying here again . 
we got our laptops and a digital camera stolen the Nnd night we stayed there . . . . . the general manager never contacted us we never got any reports from them concerning the issue . all they offer was a free breakfast which is a joke since a night in this hotel is close to N a night ! ! i can buy my own breakfast any day ! ! ! ! ! ps . the staff and even the hotel president were indifferent and unprofessional regarding this issue ! ! ! worse experience ever ! ! ! ! 
six of us drove from toronto for a roadtrip to chicago the weekend of april N . after a long drive , we arrived at the hotel greeted by the doorman who was ready and eager to help us with our bags . the location of the hotel was perfect . walking distance to everywhere you wanted to go . it was great because i did not want to drive another kilometre while in the city . had my fill of driving to and fro . very close the michigan ave . magnificent mile . the hotel is surrounded by restaurants , shopping , nightlife and tourist spots . rooms we had N rooms for N people and it was perfect . the rooms were clean , tidy and nicely decorated . the hd tvs were a great touch . the towels were soft and the beds were firm . the rooms were on the smaller side . the staff was friendly and always helpful with directions , recommending restaurants and other points of interest . the hotel offers free continental breakfast every morning which is perfect if you are on the go and complimentary coffe , tea and hot chocolate throughout the day . the lobby is beautiful and welcoming with plenty of places to sit and meet . overall , my friends and i had a pleasant experience and i would stay there again . 
i booked a stay at the hard rock for my partner and i for valentine ' s day . we live in chicago and wanted to do a little something different to make the holiday special . we had heard good things about the hard rock and gave it a try . i was a little skeptical because of the association with the hard rock cafes , but i couldn ' t have been more wrong . the hotel was sleek , stylish and inviting . the rooms were very nice , clean and comfortable . the staff was professional and friendly and even upgraded our stay for free . the only slight letdown was our meal in china grill , which we felt was overpriced for the quality . sometimes less is more , if you know what i ' m saying . i was , however , impressed by some of the cocktails in the hotel bar , which were very innovative and delicious . overall , i was pleasantly suprised by the hard rock and will book my parents a room for their next chicago visit . 
we were pleasantly surprised by the palomar and it outdid our expectations . they were overbooked when we checked in so instead of our double queen standard room we were upgraded to a king suite with a pullout couch . the young woman in reception could not have been nicer , and wanted to make sure the upgrade was okay . it was perfect with the wild storms we have been unfortunately having this summer , the upgrade was oh so welcome ! the room was clean , the bathroom was amazing ! loved the bath products too ! ate breakfast at the restaurant , which they gave us a partial comp for and everything was delicious . wine reception was very nice and again because of the weather , it was crowded and the staff was always polite would recommend this hotel to anyone ! 
the conrad hilton recently took over this property from the failed meridian hotel . it seems that the conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn ' t work . the entrance is very difficult to find . there are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby . as a result , there was often a line waiting for them . the same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area . if you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay , you will find the poor elevator layout annoying . the king room is what i would consider small compared to other chicago hotels . although i like modern design , the room was quite stark and cold . it was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear . the bathroom was the best part . has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk ? it was the most uncomfortable set-up i ' ve experienced . the views are non-existent for most of the rooms . in a city with amazing vistas , this was disappointing . i saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them . room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay . excellent food and high quality presentation . sorry i couldn ' t write a better review . would i stay here again ? no . chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them . 
pros - close to the airport , complimentart shuttle - N minute walk to the train - large clean rooms - fridge in the room cons - N ( after tax ) per day per parking spot - N per day for an internet connection in the room - restaurant in the hotel is not exactly " budget friendly " ( about N per person ) - downtown chicago is about a N minute train ride away . luckily , we got a good deal on this hotel via priceline . the bed was not what i have come to expect of mariott . i have stayed at many other mariott hotels and have found their beds really nice . . . not in this one . the service was ok , but not super . staying there , it felt as if the hotel is taking the business they get from the airport for granted and the staff does little to nothing to make your stay memorable in any way . 
the millennium knickerbocker is in a prime location . the hotel is one block from the magnificent mile , and all of the great shopping , restaurants , sites that michigan avenue has to offer . lake michigan is a mere two blocks away , and the lake walking biking path is easily accessed through a walking tunnel under the street ( completely safe ) . two blocks south of the hotel is the famous hancock building ( go to the bar and or restaurant at the top ) and its amazing views of the lake and city . the water tower is about N blocks south of the hotel as well . some of my favorite restaurants are steps away from the hotel ( nomi in the park hyatt , le colonial , rosebud steakhouse ) . during christmas this area is beautifully decorated . the famous drake hotel is directly across from the knickerbocker as well . the rooms in the knickerbocker are small , but nice . the lobby can get a bit crowded at times , but the location is hard to beat , and the price is right compare to most magnificent mile hotels . 
my husband was here for a conference , so my teenage daughter and i joined him for a long weekend . our room was comfortable- the sleeping area and bathroom area were seperated by a hallway- that made it nice for whoever gets up early not to disturb the sleeping occupants quite so much . i ' m not sure how all the rooms are configured , but i really liked ours . nice touch- digital thermostat to control the temp . concierge staff was helpful . likewise the front desk . my only complaint was the restaurant , aria . my daughter and i visited their breakfast buffet on a friday morning . there were no plates in the buffet line and it didn ' t appear anyone was paying attention to refilling items that had been eaten . i asked an attendant , who said they were " washing the plates " , waited about N minutes , and went back only to find- still no plates . i asked our waiter , who then asked someone else . . . . really ? ? ? a restaurant with no clean plates ? ? ? for the price ( N ) , i expected a nice buffet with lots of choices and someone refilling the pans of food and bowls of cream cheese for my bagel . definitely a waste of money . 
we loved the modern elegance and simplicity of our room complimented by rock and roll art and artifacts . the service was excellent and the ambiance of the lobby coupled with a nightcap in the lounge made for an excellent end to a perfect long weekend in chicago . i highly recommend this hotel . 
very good location , just off north michigan avenue and magnificent mile . it ' s also just round the corner from joe ' s seafood steak house which is a bit of an institution ( need to book ) or alternatively it ' s not far from sullivan ' s or fleming ' s who also do great steaks . we didn ' t eat in the hotel but it had a nice restaurant on the terrace which seemed popular during the day for working lunch . the ethos of the hotel seems to be low key but luxury - staff are very polite and helpful . we had a standard room which wasn ' t huge but perfectly fine . would definitely stay there again . 
my husband and i loved our stay at this hotel . from check-in to check-out , the staff was great . they all were friendly and accommodating and truly wanted to help in anyway . we loved our suite . . . it was clean and well appointed . the hotel still has so much character even with a recent re-do . we were surprised by an unadvertised new year ' s eve party at midnight consisting of a jazz trio , balloon drop and champagne toast . . . free . it really was a fun time . breakfast in the restaurant was outstanding . . . our waiter was terrific and anticipated our every need plus , the food was wonderful . the only downside was the pricey parking . 
we choose to stay at the dana hotel because of its fantastic location and my wife wanted to try their spa . first , the spa was average to slightly above average , however pricing was higher than average . very friendly staff , however they did not have the appropriate equipment ( for example , massage for my wife was pre natal , however they did not have a pre natal table , no massage chair for pedi , etc . ) if you are expecting a canyon ranch experience , keep looking . second , the hotel room was ok . nice furniture ( comfortable couch and desk ) , and good amenities ( nice bedding , reasonable wine and snacks ) . housekeeping left a lot to be desired ( dried toothpaste on vanity top , green mystery substance on mirror , and hair on floor and walls in bathroom ) . also , you can hear every step ( or other . . . " movements " ) your upstairs neighbor takes . a major point of annoyance was the fact that housekeeping came at N N am on the day we were checking out . we were not even awake yet ! after almost falling back to sleep , there was another knock at the door , this time to restock the mini bar . check out time is at noon ! we just wanted to sleep in a bit , but it seems that the hotel staff had no intention of granting us this guilty pleasure . with so many other outstanding hotels in chicago at this price point , we probably would not make dana our choice again . 
this getaway was for our anniversary . the service received at the seneca was over our expectations . firstly i booked with expedia and got a very good deal ( under N night ) with breakfast included . when we arrived we had a complimentary upgrade to a complete suite ( it was like a real appartment ( full kitchen , dining room , living room , bedroom with N beds , N tv ( one in living room and N in the room and N bathrooms ! ! ) the person at the desk was very helpful ( after upgrading our room , he help us for booking architectural cruise for us and explain where to find good restaurant in the neighborhood . he also printed our boarding pass because the printer at the office space did ' nt work . the seneca is located just in front of the john hancock center , so we went up twice ( day and night ) to see the city and just N block of the magnificent mile and wakable distance from millenium park , oak beach , gold coast neighboorhood and old town . my wow was for sure the complimentary upgrade ! if i return to chicago , for sure i will stay at the seneca again ! 
i recently stayed at the club quarters wacker at michigan for three nights while i attended a conference a few blocks away . the location is good , right on the river , and across from the trump tower and wrigley building . it ' s within walking distance of public transport el , and the price is extremely reasonable for the area . while the price was great , my room was pretty small--not really a problem since i was busy outside of the hotel during most of my visit . i was expecting the room to be small anyway since i ' ve stayed at other club quarters hotels and have had similar sized rooms , but nothing this tiny . i couldn ' t have the bathroom door ( which opened out ) and the closet door open at the same time . that said , the view from my room ( Nnd floor ) was great . the hotel lobby area is kind of awkward since it shares space with the river hotel . make sure you get on the correct elevator since there are separate sets for each hotel ! 
the hotel is just fine for a business stay - it is moderately clean ( see below ) and the staff do seem to care about your stay . nonetheless something is wrong when you can ' t open the toilet seat because the toilet paper roll is in the way . i had to take the toilet paper out in order to open and close the toilet lid . when i am traveling on business i do not need a lot of space but this is too much . the other complaint is that the halls and sometimes the rooms smell of dirty vacuum cleaners . otherwise things seemed clean . finally , i have found that between room service , the hotel restaurant , wifi , etc . that the price can jack up pretty quickly from the base rate . these amenities are not inexpensive and i wish i had just booked a place that had a higher base rate but wasn ' t as pricey in the end . 
my wife and i stayed at the whitehall hotel for the N nights immediately following labor day weekend this year and could not have been more pleased . the location is amazing ( N N block from hancock tower , N block from water tower , N block from rush st . , N blocks from red line . . . ) , the price was incredible , the staff was pleasant and helpful and the restaurants and bar are comfortable and offer good food and drinks at affordable prices . of special note is the old lounge -- felt like having drinks in a big . , comfy living room - perfect for unwinding after running around chicago all day . we will definitely stay here again ! ! 
well located , not too far from the lake or the magnificent mile . . . good , comfortable rooms and met my expectations in most respects . wifi was expensive , and very poor speeds didn ' t eat at the hotel restaurants so can ' t comment on the food . 
we stayed N nights at the omni for " spring break , " and had a great time in spite of the snow . location was perfect and having the suite set-up worked well with the kids . service was excellent - very friendly and helpful . we enjoyed the select guests benefits of free wireless internet and the morning beverage service with optional add-on bagels ( for a fee ) . cookies and milk were delivered with the turndown service . the cookies won ' t win any awards , but it was a nice gesture . the pool is not as large or impressive as some , but the kids enjoyed it every night nonetheless . workout facility is on the small side but clean and well-kept , and i never had to wait for a treadmill ( there are N ) . we will stay here again . 
what can i say good about this hotel ? not much . i ended up being next to a family with a screaming kid . the parents couldn ' t keep him quiet , and due to the extreme paper thin walls i heard every word of their conversation , as well as the screaming child all night . and i ' m not exagerrating . . . it was the worst from Nam to N Nam . now , this of course isn ' t the hotels fault . . . . but i asked to be moved to another room , and they wouldn ' t do it . they would send up security that wouldn ' t do anything . i asked for a refund at the front desk due to the terrible experience , and got N off my bill . whoopie ! really quite mean people . next up was the toilet , it was broken , and wouldn ' t stop running . . . . so i had to open the tank and shove a pen in the stopper so it would shut up . then there ' s the room . . . i get in , and the ac had been running continuously , so it was freezing . also the front of the hotel was lined with picketers ! i really can ' t say enough bad things about this hotel . . . . stay far far away
my husband and i just returned from a N night stay at the affinia . although the hotel is still undergoing renovation and there is no restuarant bar amenity , there are so many other pluses about this place that make it a stand out . first , all the staff were very accommodating , second the location is outstanding , and third the room with luxurious bedding made it difficult to get out of bed . we were told that by april a seafood restaurant will be ready--i am sure it too will pay attention to details . we can ' t wait to return ! also want to comment on restaurant reviews i read at this site--quartino ' s was right on . if you love tuna tartare poke sushi we did taste tests and enjoyed those appetizers at bandera , catch N and roys . 
the location was perfect . so close to milennium park and the art institute . staff was wonderful , very helpful and friendly . breakfast was great , nice to have so many options , and they always refilled as needed . room very clean and very quiet . we had a refrigerator and a microwave which came in handy during our stay for the week . would go back to this hotel anytime . 
evalyn at the front desk was extremely welcoming when we checked in . after we checked out i noticed they still had a hold on my card even though i paid cash for the room . i called and spoke with evalyn she was more than happy to help out , and never once was rude about it . i will go out of my way to stay in the ' burbs ' again just because of her awesome customer service ! 
stayed at the amalfi over easter weekend with my wife and daughter . first visit to chicago so we wanted a great location with easy access to everything . the amalfi was perfect in that regard as it is right in the heart of chicago . walking distance to the magnificent mile , millenium park , great restaurants and coffee shops , and public transit . but what really did it was the hotel itself . we had a beautiful , spacious , comfortable room with N queen size beds . breakfast is served on every floor - awesome idea ! and the social hour every evening with appetizers and cocktails was great . the staff was extremely helpful with directions , suggestions , etc . absolutely perfect stay and all for N a night - hard to believe ! ! one small note is that we used their valet parking and ditched the car for the entire stay . they charge N a day which may appear steep but in researching the area , it ' s well in line with downtown fees . don ' t let this spoil your stay in this great hotel . 
from the moment we arrived , everyone was not only helpful but went the extra to make sure we felt special . guess what , we did ! one person in particular , jamie torres , ( i believe her title is ipo greeter ? ) went out of her way to make us feel at home and our stay memorable . everyone greeted us with smiling faces no matter what time of day or how busy they were . our room was comfortable and everything we needed was quickly taken care of . we will definitely visit again and will recommend the " w " to friends and family visiting chicago . 
great experience in chicago . hotel was gorgeous in the lobby . rooms were fairly small though . had the air turned down to N and the window opened in february and room felt like an oven . bed are very firm with too many overstuffed pillows . had a great view from the Nst floor over rush st . it was a good stay but we have had nicer rooms for the same price in chicago . 
we were very excited for our stay at the palmer house in downtown chicago as we had heard wonderful things about it . our stay started off very rocky . we called ahead to make arrangements for the room because we were going to arrive very late ( after N N pm ) with three small children ( N , N N ) . we spoke with a woman at the front desk and asked that we have a pack n play or crib ready in the room . i was told " no problem " . i also asked if they had down pillows or comforters . i was told that yes they did . i asked if one of the beds have the down removed . she replied " would you like us to make the entire room down-free ? that would be no problem . " i told her that would be wonderful . upon our arrival at about N N i asked the man working the front desk if they had prepared the room for us with a crib and removal of the down comforters and pillows . he said that they had not , but did see that the request was noted on our reservation . he said they ' d have someone up right away . we went to our room and did our best to settle in given that we could not put our baby in a crib . we removed the down pillows and comforterfrom one bed and put them in a pile while we waited for housekeeping to arrive . after N minutes i attempted to call the front desk from the phone located between the beds . the front desk answered and i asked for a status update on the cribs and pillows . i received no answer and the front desk hung up . about N seconds later , i received a call from the front desk asking if i had received the materials i requested . i stated that i had not , but then the man at the front desk hung up . it became apparent to me that they could not hear me and that the phone receiver must be broken . they called back right away and i answered the phone on the desk ( thankfully they had two phones ) . the man at the front desk seemed shocked that they had not yet delivered the crib and pillows and said that they would be up right away . i also informed him that the phone between the beds was apparently not working . ( the defective phone was not replaced during our stay ) . N minutes later we received a knock on the door . they had brought the crib , but no pillows . we informed housekeeping that we had also asked for a down-free room . they left and came back about five minutes later with the pillows . so , we got off to a rocky start to say the least . ( note a previous review stated that the palmer house charged extra for a crib . that was not the case for our stay as the crib was free ) . the room itself was ok . not very big , but that ' s to be expected in downtown chicago . it seemed a bit dated with a tube tv . the heating cooling was not the best . we had to turn the thermostat down to the coldest setting possible just so we didn ' t burn up . we also cracked the window to cool it down a bit . ( it was N degrees outside ) . the lobby was beautiful ! there were many people just lounging around having drinks and taking in the beauty of the place . the location was great ! it was just across from milennium park . there was a starbucks , corner bakery , mcdonalds and dunkin donuts all right there for breakfast . we were also very close to the el , which was great for hitching a ride to the north end of the magnificent mile , but it was quite loud . the concierge was helpful providing directions and a map of downtown . unfortunately , the palmer house charged an arm and a leg for internet and offered wired only in the room . too bad ipad iphone users . i utilized the Ng on my cell phone instead . not sure why these older hotels don ' t get with the times . strange that your cheaper hotels include internet for free . i guess if you ' re willing to pay for an expensive hotel , you don ' t mind the extra for internet ( and parking for that matter , which was not cheap ) . on day two we checked out the swimming pool . it was a decent size and had both a shallow and deep end . unfortunately , someone had detached the safety rope dividing these two sections making it too easy to meander to the sloped part of the pool on the way to the deep end . not the safest thing for kids . the water was warm enough . they seemed to have a bit of a drainage problem on the pool deck as there was a lot of standing water that was very cold . they had plenty of towels for guests to use and a number of chairs and tables . we didn ' t try the restaurant and opted instead for delivery from giordano ' s pizza . overall , we had a nice stay , but it was not nearly as good as previous stays in downtown chicago . i do not think we ' ll be back . 
staffed by a lovely bunch of folks , the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is coming apart at the seams . the yet to be completed renovations cannot be finished soon enough . if you ' re sensitive to mold , then do yourself a favour and check your bathroom carefully for mold upon entering your guestroom for the first time . the first guestroom that i was put in had a bad black mold problem in addition to it being in a state of disrepair . the guestroom to which i was subsequently moved also had a mold issue and was similarly less than ideal , but i was too busy to move again . i did let a woman on the reception desk know about the second mold problem upon check out , however . it seems likely that renovated guestrooms are handed out only by special request and even then they are necessarily subject to availability unless you ' ve got some kind of status with sheraton or you ' ve paid a top rate . both of the rooms that i saw were dated and a bit tatty . cleanliness also seems to be a problem . i found a few glaring cleanliness issues during my stay at the hotel , but i discussed only three of them with hotel associates . how hair finds itself smeared on to a bathroom ceiling is beyond me ! it could have gotten there by the hand of a guest as easily as it did a dirty housekeeping or maintenance rag , but the point is that it shouldn ' t be on the ceiling at all . look , i know that it has to be very difficult to keep guestrooms clean and i take care to leave a couple of bucks for housekeeping cleaners every day , but hair on the ceiling ? in my many decades of travelling , that ' s a first for me . it was a bit of a shock in a hotel of this calibre . if you ' ll be driving a great deal while in chicago , then please do know that as of the date of this review and unless otherwise indicated on the meter pay station or by signs posted in the neighbourhood , you can park on the street for free around the hotel from N N p . m . at night until N N a . m . the following morning . for those arriving late and leaving early throughout their stay , this can amount to a significant savings . empty your car of any valuables and provided it isn ' t a fancier late model vehicle , it should be safe enough on the streets of streeterville over night . street parking is available on the ramp descending from reception or on the streets below the elevated reception level of the hotel , which streets can be accessed from the reception level by a set of stairs at the end of east north water street . parking in this manner saved me anywhere from N to N during my stay . 
you can ' t be any more convenient to midway airport . the shuttle service is great . the room was very clean and very comfortable . the breakfast was excellent , possibly the best breakfast i have ever had at a hotel . the food was high quality and the preparation was perfect . 
this is my first choice as a marriott platinum elite member when traveling in chicago . located on the blue line near o ' hare , the price is always very competitive and the rooms are well appointed for business travel . although they offer a great shuttle service to and from o ' hare , i choose to take the blue line as it stops in the parking lot of the hotel . check out this property the next time you are in chicago . 
first of all , let me mention that i travel often for business and this is the first time i ' ve ever felt strongly enough about a hotel to actually take the time to review it . this place is not what they advertise it to be . they call themselves a " boutique hotel . " it ' s not . the rooms and service are the equivalent of any crappy two-star hotel . but that is not the biggest problem . the biggest problem is the location . in short , it is not safe . the hotel is about a N-N minute walk from the chinatown l stop . the area around chinatown is bustling and colorful and definitely worth exploring . but , the hotel is not in chinatown . as soon as you walk one block from the l towards the hotel , you are in a run-down , ghetto . and it doesn ' t just look unsafe . it is unsafe . a man followed me as i walked from the l to the hotel around the corner of state and Nrd st . when i let him pass in front of me , he waited at a bus stop until i passed and then continued to follow me . when i turned to face him to acknowledge that he was following me , he insisted on " walking with me . " i got on my cell phone with my boyfriend but that did not deter him . i started to get nervous as we were getting further away from any other people . that ' s when i hailed a cab to the hotel . there are a lot of people just " hanging out " on that corner ( which is a bunch of boarded up store fronts and an empty lot ) and once you turn on to state , you have a N minute walk down a pretty empty street until you get to the hotel . it ' s a perfect situation for someone to get raped or mugged . that ' s the worst of it , but that ' s only the beginning . . . i ' ll try to sum up the rest . service is not exactly rude . . . more like sedated . . . it took the guy at the counter over N minutes to check me in while a line formed behind me b c he couldn ' t find my reservation and although there were other people hanging out behind the counter , they were not helping him . . . or anyone else . there is no restaurant at ( or near ) the hotel and also no refrigerators in the room , so dining in is challenging . i brought some food back from chinatown but had to fill a bucket with ice to keep it cold . the vending machines on several floors had no water left in them . . . to get drinking water i had to go to the water cooler in their " state-of-the-art " fitness room ( it ' s not state-of-the-art ) . in short , this place is ghetto trying to sell itself as chic . from the disgruntled looks i noticed on the faces of other guests , i assume i ' m not the only one that was deceived by the website and expected something completely different for the price . the one positive thing i can say is that the bathtub in my room was huge , which was a nice way to decompress after an unpleasant evening spent here at chicago south loop hotel . 
we got this place for a steal on priceline ( N a night ) . it was very centrally located in the loop and was very close to shops , restaurants and river . it was a very large hotel that obviously accommodates to chicago tourists . we were there during a cubs home game and the lobby was filled with cubs fans . the facilities were very clean , staff was super nice and the rooms clean ( our bed was temperpedic ) . the down sides were anything extra you need at the hotel ( wifi , food , or business center ) is very expensive . you would be better suited to stop at the walgreens or N-N a block away to get food and or drinks . internet was N for Nmins . they did , however , have free plane check in computers . all in all , this was one of our favorite places we have stayed ( we travel to chicago every year to visit family ) . 
i had a great experience at the ritz carlton . i was hosting a group of professors and journalists for a television panel and looked at several hotels before choosing the rc . i had a feeling that the service would be the most personal there and i was not disappointed . the staff was attentive and friendly , just the right amount of attention without being too much . the rooms are spotless and comfortable , the views of chicago and the lake are beautiful , the lobby and restaurant feel modern and welcoming and the work out room and pool are lovely . the beds are super comfortable and the air conditioning is quiet and consistent . no fans going on and off all night ! there is complimentary wifi but a high speed connection is N per day . during our stay , we had a few people forget things in their rooms or in the lobby and the problems were solved easily and graciously with one phone call to hotel security . we ate several meals in the restaurant and there was a good selection of smaller plates and entrees to make everyone happy . the mixed drinks were expensive but the dinner prices were reasonable . the hotel is above a mall where there are lots of choices for quick food so that was a good option for those who wanted to grab something and go . the location of the hotel is central to michigan avenue and the lake which was nice for out of towners who wanted to walk and see a few sights . i would highly recommend the hotel for business or pleasure and will definitely return . 
i reserved this hotel through priceline ' s name your own price so i didn ' t know what hotel i was staying at until i paid . i have stayed at hotel indigo in vernon hills before and remember how nice and inviting it was . i called the night before since check in wasnt until N , but i had luggage with me and had afternoon plans before and wanted to make sure i could drop my stuff off early and the guy on the phone said yes . so it was nice i was able to drop my things off and not worry about it . the girl at the desk wasn ' t necessarily rude but she wasn ' t friendly . when i did come back to check in , i asked if i could have a later check out and the rep said i could , but i had to sign up for the rewards program . which i did since it was free , but i found that a little annoying , just a simple request for a late check required me to be a rewards member . when i arrived to my room , it was smaller than i expected but it wasn ' t cramped . it was very inviting , bright and clean . about N minutes after i was in , the front desk called to make sure everything was okay . a few things i noticed , once of the bed side lamps didn ' t work . . . not a big deal , i used the other one . the lamp on the side table wasn ' t even plugged in which was weird . the maginfying makeup mirror didn ' t light up as well , but it was nice they had that to do eyemakeup . i loved that the bathroom had a nice shelf all along the mirror to make up for no vanity . the shower was nice however , the pressure could have better and the shampoo and conditioner weren ' t the best either . i used the hair dryer in the room . . . but it was blowing out cold air ! i called the front desk and within N minutes someone brought me a new one that worked much better ! the bed was extremely comfortable . . . i slept like a baby . i just wish the curtains were better at covering the window , i had too much sun coming in this morning that woke me up early than i wanted . also , the tv is set up kinda high , so you have to raise the remote up at an awkward level to change the channels . i did take a look at the menu in the room for the restaurant downstairs and the prices seemed reasonable . however i did not order food , so i can ' t write about the quality . in the morning , it seems like the doors slam behind guests so that was also annoying as i ' m trying to sleep in the morning with the doors being shut . overall , i would come back and recommend it to others . it is a great location . . . only a block away from the red line ( clark and division ) , less than a N cab ride to union station . 
we stayed in late june while the hotel was undergoing renovations in some of the public rooms . the staff were excellent and the suite was very comfortable , quiet and had a view over east superior street . there was one occasion when work started early but when i mentioned this the workmen were stopped and it didn ' t happen again . this hotel is in a prime location for shops , restaurants and the magnificent mile . 
romantic , funky hotel . lots to do in the neighborhood , or a N minute walk to the river or greektown . staff was helpful
the hotel room and bathroom are clean , small , but enough for what we needed we only wanted to sleep and wash , so for that purpose is ok . beds are comfortable , breakfast is good cereal , yogurt , coffee , juices , eggs , bacon , different types of bread , fruit . . . location is great , you can walk to several tourist places in chicago and the train station and bus stops are just a block away , so is very convenient . what we didn t like is we stayed in the second floor and next to us were very noisy people for our N day stay . i was with my kids and the neighbors were single men , so ask not to check with these kind of travelers , because you won t sleep , we could hear all the conversation of these people . they were opening and closing doors all night . i guess because the corridors are very narrow . . . 
nice classic hotel , but doing business or work in this hotel is awful . internet blocked if available , no wifi in rooms . stop in in the lobby for ambiance , then head to a real hotel to get your work done . 
we have just spent N very enjoyable days staying at this super hotel , in a great location in the heart of wonderful chicago . our suite was attractive , spacious and very comfortable - with views of the john hancock tower - just a couple of blocks away . my husband particularly appreciated the twin tvs ! the staff were friendly , helpful and welcoming . my only minor ciriticism is that the electric wiring needs looking at . half the lamps in our room did not work . 
just got back from a N night stay at the talbott . it was terrific . the location is superb , a bit outside the bigger touristy locations , but still within easy walking distance of restaurants , shopping and all the sites we wanted to visit . we originally booked for two people , but a friend decided to join us . the hotel swapped our original room for a double queen room - at no extra charge ! the staff were friendly , helpful and ready to do anything to make the stay a good one . those loaner umbrella ' s in the lobby came in handy to the afternoon showers that hit every day . the room itself was quite large - with a good sized bathroom . the beds were good and the linens quite comfortable . the view wasn ' t great - we looked out at a wall - but we spent so little time in the room that it really didn ' t make much of a difference - and no complaints because we got that double queen room we really needed . i ' d recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable stay . yes the price is more than you ' d pay for a " basic " hotel . . . but totally worth it from my point of view . 
if you want N star luxury then go pay the N star luxury prices . if you want something reasonable in the heart of downtown then this is for you ! we were in walking distance to just about everything despite the weather ( N N N-N N N ) . . . restaurants , bars , theatres , shopping . taxis were always readily available if needed for further away tourist type stuff and would definitely recommend you use them or other public transport as you will pay and arm a leg to park pretty much everywhere . yes , the rooms are on the smaller side and there is no iron in the room , but what a great use of space , modern ammenities and the ' community closet ' is well equipped with the iron and ironing board . if something was needed that was not in the closet , we called the front desk and received it with in N-N minutes if that long . they do start with the minimum . . . if you ' re staying two to a room then you get two pillows , two towels , etc . however , if you need anything the staff is on it . the staff was very knowledgeable and very helpful with everything we needed and wanted . really can ' t say enough about the staff . . . great job to you all ! ! overall , we definitely got what we paid for and beyond . we will definitely be staying here again on future visits to the windy city ! ! 
we chose to stay at this hotel because it was very close to a business meeting we had to attend early in the morning . our reservations were made last-minute , and it was a good thing i brought the printed confirmation because the hotel had no records of the N rooms we had reserved . i was the first of our party to check in , and had less than N N hour to make it to another meeting N blocks away . although the two ladies at the front desk couldn ' t find the reservation , they did give me a room and promised to contact the travel agent to clear up the confusion . it appears that the problem was resolved because the other two travelers had no problems when they checked in a few hours later . the rooms are small , and we ( i was with my husband ) were given a room with one full-size bed . the bathroom was tiny and the floor had water spots - at least i hope it was water given the close proximately to the toilet ( the spots were very easy to see on the black tile ) . otherwise , it was clean and nicely maintained . it did have an unusual square sink that was set slighty above the countertop , which was an unexpected change from the normal " hotel " bathroom sink . the stopper in the sink was closed and refused to open without being pried up . there was no lever to lift it and if it was the " pop-up " type ( where you push down and it pops up ) , the pop-up function had ceased to work . luckily i figured that out before i brushed my teeth and or i would have had to pry it up through a sink full of water and spit . after my meeting , i was dying of hunger and wanted to order some food , but found that we were missing the book with the room service menu . it was quickly delivered after a call to the front desk . room service was right on time and the food was above average . we had to make a second call to the front desk because the tv refused to work . a maintenance man appeared shortly thereafter and was able to fix the problem . the bed was uncomfortable with a hump in the middle , which caused me to roll towards the edge of the bed all night . i definitely did not have a good night s sleep . however , the other travelers in our group did not have an issue with their bed , so it may have been just my bed . overall , i have stayed in far worse hotels . it was clean and was not over-priced . it would have been nicer not to have the three issues ( no record of the reservation , no room service menu , tv not working ) , but all of the staff members we dealt with were courteous and the problems were quickly resolved . the biggest negative was the uncomfortable bed , and since i was the only one with that problem , it appears that not all beds in this hotel were created equally . 
stayed here for two nights on a weekend trip , chose the hotel based on two good stays at the affinia gardens nyc . the staff at the front desk on check-in--peter and simon--were the most friendly and helpful staff i ' ve met so far in my travels . when they heard it was my first trip to chicago they loaded me up with maps , advice on what to see based on my interests , and in the evenings when i returned the hotel they ' d ask how my day was and what i saw . very genuine and helpful . i booked the smallest room type , but was told on check-in that there was an issue and that i would be upgraded to a suite--exciting ! the room was spotless and nicely decorated--photos of chicago landmarks on the walls , a cool burnt orange-y wall covering in the bathroom that made the room glow peachy-pink . affinia hotels win for highest density of electrical outlets in a room ( e . g . N outlets in a N ft sq area around the bed ) and most mirrors in a room--very practical . an assortment of philosophy toiletries are provided , they are green tea lotion ( thick , nice as hand lotion ) , lime blossom shampoo and body soap , and blackberry musk conditioner ( smells good ) . my room at the front of the hotel overlooked superior and st clair and was very quiet at night and there were controls in the room to adjust the room temperature precisely . there ' s a business center on the Nnd floor with N computers where you can print your boarding pass . no free wifi , alas . the location is great--about N blocks from the chicago-red line station and half a block from michigan avenue . gino ' s east pizza is right next door . overall , i was very happy with my stay and would return . 
my husband and i have stayed at hotel felix multiple times and we love it . we used to live in chicago , but now when we visit the city , we always choose the felix . the location can ' t be beat - just a few blocks walk to michigan avenue for great shopping and restaurants , and the room rates are very reasonable . the felix feels like a smaller , warmer version of your typical w hotel - modern and elegant , but also very welcoming . accomodations are comfortable , room service food is good , spa services are delightful ( and aveda ! ) , and the hotel staff is always helpful and pleasant . we ' ll definitely be back ! 
i travel to chicago every few months on business and i ' ve stayed at most of the hotels on or near michagan avenue . while i can ' t say that there was anything too wrong with the room ( i had a king deluxe - newly renovated " room for about ( N ) i will say that the room was really , really average . it was a small room on the Nth floor . my view was of the hancock bldg ' s parking structure and a sliver of michagan ave . there was nothing special about about the room at all . it had a flat screen tv . i found a hair on the toilet seat which i really didn ' t appreciate . if i had to choose something in the same price range i would tell people to stay at the sofitel or the affinia hotels as they both offer much more appealing rooms , great service and offer a far more interesting environment . if you are looking for a very bland hotel with a good location ( keep in mind that the affinia and sofitel offer virtually the same location as they are both within a block or two ) then this is your place . if you like nicer quality rooms and service then you may want to consider another hotel . 
my husband and i stayed at the wyndham for N nights in early june N while visiting our son , who had been attending college in chicago . i booked the special " take your daughter to chicago - american girl package , " which offered a rate of N . N a night for a standard room , a N savings over the regular room rate . i booked a room with N double beds , as we thought our son might want to stay with us . the package included a wyndham bathrobe which fits an american girl doll . when i checked in , i discovered that the hotel had changed our reserved room with N double beds to one with only a king sized bed , because that was my preference when i joined wyndham byrequest . if we wanted our son to stay with us , we had to pay a N a night fee for a rollaway bed . i was tired after driving almost N miles that day and didn ' t have the energy to protest . i did not get any kind of upgrade for being a byrequest member , although i did get a free small bottle of wine and a cheese and cracker snack . our room was on the Nth floor , and was on the small side , but was adequate . as a byrequest member , i did not have to pay the N . N fee for internet access . the room had a queen sized bed ( not the promised king sized bed ) , a small sitting area with a chair and a desk , and a refrigerator mini bar . it was clean and quiet i did hear a conversation from a guest in the next room , but did not hear any street noise . my son decided not to stay with us , so i asked the front desk to remove the rollaway bed about an hour after it had been delivered . this was done promptly , but when i checked out , i was charged N . N for N night ' s use , which i had to ask to be removed from the bill . when we first went to our room ( around N pm ) , there was a full bottle of beer in the hall by the door and there were dirty dishes and an empty beer box outside several other rooms which were not cleared until the next day . housekeeping is quite slow on the second day of our stay , our room was not cleaned until almost N pm . the hotel is in a great location , within walking distance of shopping and many area attractions . i highly recommend the delicious food at the corner bakery , located across the street . overall , this hotel was fine , but it is really not a N star hotel . i would stay here again if i got a good rate . 
this is a nice hotel in a good location of chicago but there were some problems we had which have turned us off ever staying there again . on the plus side , the staff are friendly and helpful the rooms are comfortable and clean ( even though the plumbing system in the bathroom really needs to be updated-showering in water up to my ankles is not fun ) the food in the restaurant is terrific , and the fact that it actually had a bar was a real plus for us . the problems with check-in and check-out are ridiculous . the bottle neck created by the queue of people trying to move around make it very awkward to speak to the receptionists . we also needed to send a fax from the hotel ( something i have had no trouble doing in other hotels ) but we were charged N just to send it , i personally thought this was a little extreme . we asked if we could store our bags for an hour while we went to eat breakfast in the hotel restaurant and we were charged Nc per bag to store them . i have never had to pay for a luggage room before , and i heard others around us complaining about the same thing . the dinner we had in the hotel restaurant was delicious , but it was when we paid our bill that we got ticked off . though the waitress and the service were excellent , she placed our bill on the table before we finished eating , leaving out much chance of having a drink or dessert after dinner . what really annoyed us was that she had already added a gratuity of N onto the bill before we got it . i can understand this being automatically added to a bill when its a large party , but i ' ve never seen it done when it ' s a party of N . the other thing that annoyed me was , as far as im concerned , is tipping not something that ' s supposed to be at the discretion of the customer ? since when did the waiters and waitresses start deciding how good they are at their jobs ? we had fully intended in leaving her an excellent tip that suitably reflected the service but what if our service had been terrible-were we just expected to tip her regardless ? all in all the hidden charged we incurred during our stay really put us off staying here again . 
for the past five years we have booked N-N rooms at the w-lakeshore for our yearly ( sometimes bi-yearly ) shopping vacations . we love the view , and the atmosphere , and the location . we are always catered to and the service is very kind . the hotel rooms are cleaned and well cared for . and if we want an upgrade they almost always upgrade us right away , and if not they offer it a day or so after we have arrived . we travel with N- adults N- teenager N-children last year we even met snoop dogg who was staying at the hotel . 
i visit chicago on visit every six weeks or so . this year i ' ve tended to rotate around between the trump , the conrad and the new hotel palomar , based on price and availability . i had occasion to stay at the conrad twice in september , once at the beginning of the month and then on an award trip overnight third week of the month . i still like the hotel very much--beds are comfy , decor is nice . it ' s a very comfortable place to stay . a few observations early-month trip when i checked in , they had a spread of fruit and water in the room with a card with someone else ' s name on it . obviously , not my room . but , they let me stay and keep the stuff , which was nice . ended up having to work late hours in the room and had occasion to order room service . really excellent food . even the fries were good in a unique way . room service guy was great , very conscientious , though it took way too long . with those tvs , though , they need to update to hd . put on a movie to keep me up while working and the no hd option really reduced the benefit of the N movie . also , when i called about the fact that the lamps in the room would just randomly turn off , the response wasn ' t helpful . i called twice over my N-day trip . never was fixed . on the plus side , the front desk was able to extend my stay at the same rate when i had to stay another day , so that was nice . late-month overnight on the late month stay , i discovered that if you don ' t pay for a room , that have the tiniest room ever just waiting for you . definitely too small by chicago standards . not even room in the bathroom for a separate shower stall . kind of bummed by the fact that on a weekend when the hotel obviously wasn ' t full that i couldn ' t get even a normal room for the zillion points they charged . so , it ' s still among the top options in chicago . service has been up and down , so going to the palomar for my next trip . 
we spent two nights at the amalfi . after reading some of the reviews , i sent an e-mail to the hotel to request a quiet room , facing the front , rather than the back side of the hotel ( where the loading dock and dumpsters are located ) . i received a response very promptly and was told that a room on the fifth floor with view on the city had been blocked for us . the room was extremely nice king-size bed , big windows , very nice soothing decor . the first impression was one of cleanliness . the room smelled good , and everything looked impeccable . the bed was extremely comfortable , the linens of excellent quality , the bath products very nice . little details i should mention nice lamps , nice tv with cd and dvd player ( dvds can be borrowed free of charge at the front desk , and some cds are already in the room ) , in-room coffee maker , nice closet with iron and ironing board and full-length mirror , magnifying mirror in the bathroom with different light settings for make-up , hair dryer , curved shower curtain rod that allows for more room in the tub shower and makes it possible to take a shower without ever being in contact with the shower curtain , certificate showing the room is an allergy friendly room . in addition , the manager ' s reception with great cocktails ( amalfitini and amore for example ) and a buffet with roasted vegetables , tapenade , cheese , foccacia , and a variety of italian cold cuts is a really nice touch after a long arduous day of shopping ! of course , the lounge is small and seating is insufficient ( especially on the weekend ) , but if you plan it right ( arrive there early ! ) , it makes for a very pleasant hour and a half . the breakfast buffet is another nice perk . a buffet is set across from the elevators on each floor coffee , tea , juices , a variety of pastries , croissants , bagels , and fruit are available to take back to your room on a little tray that is provided . very convenient ! all in all , i would highly recommend this hotel friendly associates , quiet and comfortable rooms , convenient location with lots of restaurants in the vicinity ( avoid redfish at all costs . we waited N minutes to be served after we ordered , the food was bad , the service inadequate , and our check --as well as the checks of our neighbors on each side-- was inaccurate . we could not wait to leave ! ) good restaurant choices are brasserie jo for french food and joe ' s seafood prime steak stone crab , among many others . we will definitely consider this hotel next time we go to chicago . 
me and N friends flew into chicago to check out both baseball parks . half of us flew into o ' hare and the other N from midway . all of us had success taking the el downtown and walked N blocks to find hotel allegro . a great safe area we were all pleasantly surprised because we had never been to chicago and we landed late at night . when we spoke to the front desk we knew we were in the right place , " pretty woman " and " pulp fiction " helped us out . each member ' s name tag had their favorite movie under their name . every worker was super friendly in helping us find the right way to our destinations and suggesting ones we never thought of . i can ' t guarantee that you will be so lucky , but we got a killer deal online for N double beds for N a night . plus , we received a card for N free drinks and an appetizer downstairs at the lounge for every night of our stay . location was great , right near the el and walking distance to anything you would need to see in downtown . 
we just spent several hours getting a " quick " bite to eat in the sports bar in this hotel as we were afraid to go outside to find someplace else since this area of the city is not the best and the actual restaurant was not open . first , they gave my salad to my fiance with chicken on top , which i did not order . there was no creamy balsalmic dressing on it so i was waiting for them to bring that , and my fiance ' s salad was still nowhere to be found . instead , they took my salad back and it took another half an hour for the rest of our food to come , including my correct salad . and not including the cup of soup i ordered . my fiance , however , had been given the wrong salad . neither of us were given dressing this time either . so while we waited for that , the bartender went back to find out if my fiance could get the salad he ordered instead of the one he was given . he ended up just eating the wrong salad , and i was so hungry that i ate half of mine before we were even given dressing ( blue cheese and italian neither of which were what was supposed to come with my salad in the first place ) . no soup to be found . we asked for it again . i ended up being pretty hungry once i finished my salad , so while the bartender made up our checks i asked if i just wasn ' t going to have any soup . i was still hungry and about to work until Nam with a half-empty stomach for N hours . as we were leaving , my soup came out and i had to finish it in about N seconds . the worst part was that the bartender was apparently supposed to pay for the kitchen ' s ( frequent and bad ) mistakes . . . she comped my fiance ' s salad and used her tips to pay for it , so we felt bad and gave her the money for his meal anyway . she definitely didn ' t deserve to be treated the way the kitchen was treating her , and after she spent three hours trying to get them to make our food , she shouldn ' t have to pay for it herself . i had been in the car since very early this morning driving to chicago and now i ' m sitting in my room , exhausted and upset instead of enjoying myself like i should be . at least i finally got to eat something . the front desk and bellhop were very helpful just please get ahold of your kitchen . there wasn ' t even anyone else ordering food in the bar . 
from the moment my family and i stepped onto the property we experienced some of the best customer service i have ever experienced . the staff was helpful and prompt in each request we had . the room was wonderful with a beautiful view . the breakfast was full cook to order with anything you could want . we were visiting during spring break and were at the hotel on easter morning . the breakfast area was very busy and i expected a long wait to get an omelete that morning , however i was pleasantly suprised at the quick service i received . during the breakfast time staff were constantly interacting with guests and ensuring that things were stocked and tables were cleared and cleaned . 
no too far from midway . non-descript hotel from the outside , but beautiful on the inside . we loved our room - great beds , fantastic feather pillows . they provided a hypoallergenic pillow to a member of our party who is allegic to feathers . pleasant and fast check-in and check-out . nice workout facility . we really enjoyed our stay and wished it was for more than N night . will definitely stay again . 
i stayed in the knickerbocker for N nights the second week of september . i could not have been more pleased with the location of the hotel in chicago ' s gold coast immediately across from the drake hotel . it ' s in the block next to the john hancock building and a block from some of the most amazing shopping you will ever encounter . the knickerbocker hotel was extremely comfortable ! i had two N inch flat screen tv ' s in my room . the bathroom far exceeded what i ' ve come to expect from a typical hotel . it had a waterfall shower head , glass shower and very modern bathroom fixtures . the king bed was truly restful . i wouldn ' t hesistate to recommend this hotel to my colleagues . when i ' m in chicago i would stay here again . 
clean and well located . staff was friendly . fitness room was excellent for a smallish hotel . i recommend it for business and couples travel . well priced . 
we really loved this hotel . it felt cozy and intimate and subdued . not bold and flashy . the concierge was very help to my husband and get an anniversary present shipped to the hotel without my knowledge . the staff was very friendly , upbeat and warm . the rooms were very nice and just our style . our views from our window were wonderful of the lake and the watertower and the john hancock building . we were on the Nth floor in a grand deluxe king room over looking michigan avenue . the location couldn ' t have been better . we had drinks at the signature room lounge in the john hancock buidling to watch the sunset ( nothing as beautiful as the florida sunsets we have here ) . and the food , service and views from the nomi restaurant were great . i don ' t know why the restaurant doesn ' t get better press . it ' s very romantic and breakfast was gorgious sitting at the windows looking at the lake . 
classy , clean , quiet , comfy bed and near everything . yup , it was a block away from michigan avenue and across the street from the john hancock center . if you want to see the great view on top of the hancock without spending any money , go to the bar and walk around the window . my room was N in the corner ( bad view ) far away from the elevator . it was a one room suite complete with a full freakin ' kitchen . i paid N plus about N in taxes per night in mid oct . N but i was part of a wedding party . i think the regular rate for this room was higher . when i checked out , i left my bags with the concierge to be picked up later in the day . no charge . i remember in ny they charged me for this service and i complained about it . all in all this place is a winner . hollywood howie
we stayed at this hotel last weekend after finding a deal on priceline . com . great location - we were able to walk to so many places . if you don ' t mind a mile or so walk in any direction you can get many places by foot . we had a view of the chicago river from our room . room was kind of small but clean and the view more than made up for it . front desk staff was very friendly and helpful . we didn ' t eat at the restaurants or go to the bars in the hotel but the lobby area was beautiful . one tip - they charge N per day for valet parking . if you ask they will tell you they don ' t have a self park option . however , you can self park your car at surrounding lots . we found one just a block away at N s . wacker . it ' s a little tough to drive to because the entrance is on lower wacker but if you can get there it was N per day . definitely saved us some money . good option if you don ' t want to get your car out of the garage during your stay . 
we stayed here for N nights at the end of august N and were expecting it to be really nice having read the reviews and were not disappointed . it ' s a lovely clean modern hotel . we got a really good rate via expedia so weren t too surprised when we were given a room on the Nth floor overlooking the delivery area of the surrounding buildings , we were woken twice by the beeping of reversing delivery lorries . the room itself was fantastic and we had a view of most of one side of the john hancock building which more than made up for it . the outside bar on the Nth floor was a bit disappointing , pretty expensive and i had to ask the waitress to clean my table , we only had one drink so perhaps we called at a bad time ? i most definitely will stay here again and would have no problem if we were in the same room . 
after reading other reviews i decided to reserve a room at the hotel burnham for my son and his wife ' s first anniversary . i can ' t begin to tell you how very helpful the hotel was in setting everything up ! ! the room they stayed in was gorgeous ! it was a corner room on the historic Nth floor and they were both beyond thrilled with it ! martin jimenez went well out of his way in sending restaurant recommendations and making reservations at the restaurant of my son ' s choice . he made sure everfhing was done exactly to my requests and even left a note for my son and his wife wishing them a happy anniversary since he was not working the night they stayed . they enjoyed drinks in the bar which were " on the house " as a special the hotel was running in december . they reported that the location was central to everything and they could easily walk everywhere , even in the cold winter of chicago ! i just want to say " thank you " again to martin as well as everyone at the hotel . my son and his wife said everyone they encountered was so helpful and friendly and they had a stay they will never forget ! this is where i plan to stay if i make an overnight trip to chicago ! ! ! 
our first experience at a comfort suites hotel was last year in otay mesa ( san diego suburbs ) . despite the very desert area where the hotel was located , our stay was so positively surprising that we decided to book the same hotel chain this year too but in chicago this time . once again our experience exceeded our expectations ! ! we spent N week and were lodged at the Nth floor . well , despite the exterior side of this hotel seen from the street is really nothing special ( much more beautiful the one in otay mesa ) , the apartments are incredibly comfortable very clean and fully equipped ( kitchen , laundry and drier machines , safety box ) . the hotel is located in chicago downtown at N min walk by the beautiful millennium park ! staff at the reception is very friendly and helpful . despite kitchens in the aprtaments , breakfast is included in the price and it s very good and rich . moreover , as the breakfast area is not enough wide to contain many people seated at the same time , guests are allowed to bring food in their apartments which , sometimes , can be helpful especially during crowded hours . all in all i can say that our stay was very pleasant at the comfort suites . 
the essex is in a great location overlooking grant park and the lake and within walking distance to shedd aquarium , field museum etc . not far away either is city center , magnificent mile etc . public transport options are quite close as well . the hotel itself is clean and tidy , albeit not overly attractive . the room was quite small overall however the fittings and furniture were new and quite nice . hotel amenities weren ' t too bad with onsite pool and restaurant . service from staff wasn ' t outstanding but they were polite and willing to help . overall , good value hotel in a good location . 
i recently stayed at the four points and when i arrived i was suprised at how easy it was to find with it being surronded by so many other buildings . when i walked into the lobby i was amazed by the decor and how beautiful it was . but when i went to check in my room was checked out to someone else . but the staff was really good and accomdated our needs so well that i am willing to make this hotel my permanent hotel for all my downtown weekend stays . i am now planning another weekend trip downtown chicago and this time with the family so we can enjoy all the special amenities the hotel has to offer . thank you for making my weekend get away an enjoyable one . great job ! ! ! ! ! 
this is one of the nicest hotels near o ' hare . . . and i ' ve stayed at most of them ! united airlines put me up here for a night after a recent cancellation . . . they usually get me the hilton , but they were booked . i have very little bad to say about this place ! first of all , the room was quite spacious--a little larger than most all-suite properties . the decor was very new and fresh . the parlor room had a flat-panel tv while the bedroom had a standard tube tv . the bathroom was very large and marblesque . i joked with my wife about the shower--i came out and said , " whew , that was close--i almost got lost in there ! " the shower was that big . a few minor gripes with the room the blinds--they were very tough to close . also , while the bed was super-comfy , the pillows were pretty weak . but my biggest gripe was the bed was a queen--not sure if they have kings or not . . . we sleep on a king at home , so to us it seemed cramped . this was a club-level room--i have low-level elite status with marriott , so not sure if the standard rooms are any different . the restauant was amazing ! it was a saturday night shortly before closing--only people in there . service was great , but the food . . . i had their signature pasta dish , which was to die for . next time united strands me at o ' hare , i ' ll request this hotel over the hilton , even though it ' s about N minutes further from ord . 
this hotel was very small and the rooms were painfully small . the bed had to be pushed all the way against one wall and you could barely turn around in the bathroom . but , the location was excellent , there was unlimited , free bottled water , and the rooms were clean . if all you want is a place to sleep in a great location , the price here is right . also , the pizza place downstairs , bella baccino ' s , is my very favorite . it was kind of a nice coincidence that it shared a building with this hotel . 
the westin chicago river north is in a great location , just a Nmin walk to the chicago theatre , the loop el trains and the start of the miracle mile , and about a Nmin walk to millenium park . we stayed in the deluxe river view room on the Nth floor and opted to spend extra for the complimentary continental breakfast buffet at the executive lounge down the hall each morning , which was worth it . there are a variety of bagels and jam spreads , cream cheese , boiled eggs , fresh fruit and berries , cereals , muesli and yogurts , and orange juice , tea and coffee . the staff were friendly and helpful . also available are hor d ' oeuvres between Npm and Npm which was great and complimentary water , soft drinks and fruit are available anytime . the deluxe room includes free wi-fi via an in-room mac computer which was great . most importantly , the room was very clean , as was the bathroom . the " heavenly bed " really is heavenly . the only negative experience we had was a noisy wedding party in the room next door to us . accordingly , i would recommend not staying in a room with a connecting door since it made the noise all the louder . we had this occur two nights in a row and after we raised the issue with the front desk , they handled the situation very professionally by immediately offering us complimentary wine and cheese plate and adding points to our starwood account for the inconvenience . the only other complaint was that the complimentary water that is offered as part of the deluxe room was not delivered two days in a row , even after we rang for it . despite these isolated incidents though , i would recommend a stay at this hotel for its courteous staff , convenient location , cleanliness , heavenly bed and breakfast - all the things that should make a hotel stay-worthy . 
it was our daughters birthday celebration we wanted something special . the renovations were terrible because the service was sooo bad ! the elevators were so slow we waited N minutes to come down to the lobby then just took the steps all the way from the N th floor . then the lounge was closed , okay maybe for the inconvience to their customers they could have a coffee station , no , they still had you sit in a hallway to have your coffee or wine while the jack hammer was going ! the work out room , the tv didn ' ' t match the headsets , so you couldn ' t listen to the tv , then once again they charged us for bottled water instead of giving us one for the inconvences of the whole hotel . bottom line the service , the hotel was terrible . we normally stay at the drake , we know why now ! 
our trip into the city was tough with a few canceled flights . we couldn ' t have been happier to get to the sofitel . check-in was efficient and warm . our suite was ready early , which helped ease our minds . i was starving , so after putting our luggage in the room we went directly to the concierge desk . katie was great ! it was our first time in the city and she carefully explained the city layout and pointed out some great attractions . we decided on pizano ' s for lunch and loved it ! it was a great recommendation . she also made dinner recommendations and seemed to be available day and night , whenever we called the desk ! our room turned out great too . the bed was so comfortable and the bathroom was so large and luxurious ! overall , the staff seemed to be on point at all times . valet was quick , le bar was really relaxing , but fun too ! we will definitely look forward to staying at sofitel again ! 
i ' m writing this review from the hotel . i ' m here for a conference that is taking place at the allerton and a block of rooms were set aside . i stayed here N years ago or so and it was very old and needed to be updated . when i saw that the conference would be here my first thought was " are they kidding ? " but i checked out the allerton website and saw that the entire place had been completely redesigned . i still wasn ' t N sure but they had pictures of the outside as well so i thought i ' d give it a try . i ' m really glad i did . the hotel has a boutique hotel feel without the snotty attitude that one finds at other hotels in the genre . it is very clean , all new lobby , bar , restaurant and rooms . the rooms are still small ( as they were before ) - which is fine with me - but the beds are comfortable and the bath roomy . all of the staff - and i really mean all - is very friendly and helpful . they have gone out of their way to make sure i am comfortable , have heated milk for my coffee and helped with reservations . the food is great too ! highly recommend it ! 
we stayed two nights at the renaissance last week . we had stayed here several years ago and had security issues at that time . this time , on the morning of check-out , i happened to notice a small corner of a piece of paper that was N Nths outside in the hall . it was our bill , not in an envelope , with our name , address , charges and credit card used all out there for any passer-by to see . the room itself was okay though the toilet was rather sluggish . the bathrobe provided looked like it was ready for the rag bag . there were plenty of clean towels provided and the bed was comfortable . next time we ' ll stick to the swiss or the talbot . 
stayed in N recently . paid extra for the lake view . yes , you can see the lake but it is partially blocked by some buildings . this was a nice hotel and cleaner nicer than most i ' ve stayed in . the staff was great too . i have no complaints ! 
as a former customer service trainer , i ' m always observing customer experiences . the downtown chicago red roof definitely earns an a ! since i started my current job a year ago , i ' m back and forth to chicago often . we stay at the downtown red roof for the value and the proximity to our office . the staff has always been extremely friendly and accommodating , and they always knew my boss by name , which was nice , but expected seeing that she stays there sometimes N weeks out if a month or more . the rooms are always clean , the beds always comfy . it was my last visit which blew me away . i had not been to chicago for probably N months . even when i came regularly , unlike my boss , i was only there maybe once a month . when i checked in , i wasn ' t surprised that they greeted me as if they were really happy to see me . i wasn ' t even surprised that despite the hundreds and hundreds of people who are in and out of the busy hotel , they recognized my face . what shocked me was as i reached in my purse to get my id , the clerk addressed me by name . she knew what kind of room i liked . she even knew to use my redi card and corporate code to get me the best rate . . . all without me saying a word . i felt like a celebrity . in addition to the five-star customer service , the hotel provides the most affordable and covenient valet parking in downtown chicago . they offer free bag checking for those who arrive before check-in or business travellers like me who need a place to stash their luggage after check-out while they conduct their business in the city . there are great restaurants just steps away , and the hotel is just a block from the magnificent mile . when i ' m at the red roof in downtown chicago , i feel like i ' m in a home away from home . 
let me first say that i was not looking forward to staying at this hotel . initially i wanted a place closer to downtown , but since my conference was at mccormick place i had little choice . second , i generally despise conference hotels since thay are impersonal and just too big for the personal touches and attention . what a suprise to find that the hyatt at mccormick place defied my expectations . first and foremost , the service was great . the staff , to a person , was pleasant , helpful and often went beyond the call of duty . i was able to get an upgrade to a suite and a late check-out for example . by the way , the suite which was on the Nnd floor was wonderful and had a phenomenal view of lake michigan and downtown . the only downside , as may people have commented in their reviews , is that the hotel is out of the way , and you end up paying a small fortune in cab fares to get around town . that being said , if you are on conference at mccormick place , this is the place to be . 
the best part of this hotel is the view . it sits on top of the chicago sun times building , with the huge lobby on the Nth floor . our room was on the Nrd floor overlooking the chicago river everything on it breathtaking ! i feel bad for the reviewer who said she had a view of a wall that would be awful ! the beautiful merchandise mart was next door by way of a pedestian walkway , as was the train station , which was so convenient for us ! the room was lovely clean with comfy beds ( most important ! ) we were also able to take advantage of the view from the cityscape bar on the lobby level , complete with free appetizers ! my only complaint would be the very expensive breakfast menu in the hotel ' s restaurant ( N for french toast ( ! ) N . N for a cup of coffee ) i believe it was the same as the room service menu in the room . 
friendly check in , no waiting although obviously will be busy at times . rooms immaculate and fabulously comforable beds . very quiet , at least where i was staying , heard nothing at all in N nights . superb situation with grant park opposite and buddy guys right next door . blackies for breakfast or just a drink for local flavour and easy walking to field museum . taxis outside all day and evening and not expensive to get to the mag mile or navy pier for a night out . a must for a romantic evening is a dinner cruise from navy pier . buddy guys for blues lovers , busy and crowded but brilliant . dont take notice of the doom merchants , stay at the hilton . 
we stayed at the sheraton chicago for four nights and loved the location . our room faced the river and had views of the lake . my boys ( N and N ) enjoyed looking out the window at the big city life , river taxis , and skyscrapers . the hotel was an easy walk to michigan avenue and navy pier . the indoor swimming pool needs updating , but the boys loved it . the staff ( especially concierge ) was very helpful . the lobby has neat computer games that kept the kids entertained . we would definitely stay there again . 
after christmas me and my sister got a surprise trip to chicago at the fairmont it was fabulous ! ! ! our room was almost at the the top floor and we got a beautiful view of the park below and it is conveniently a N minute walk to a deep dish pizza parlor . 
this was a great little hotel for access to soldier field and the museums . it is a relatively short walk to them and to grant park . the service was good and the rooms large . it is an old mansion that could use a little updating . we had a king suite in the front of the house . for the size of the room , the location , and the city of chicago the charges were appropriate . i was concerned about walking to soldier field and back at night but those worries were dispelled when limos and taxi were dropping off concert goers in front of our hotel and there was a strong police presence . obviously i felt safe that night . there was a solid breakfast in the morning . all in all it was a nice and comfortable place in a great location for the concert and at a decent price . 
this first class hotel commanding stunning architectural views over the city and lake was a perfect , relaxing place to stay and made our visit to chicago . conveniently located just a step-away from the busy city hubbub and situated beside the waterway within a short walking distance of shops , galleries , museums , etc . friendly staff at every level and a very comfortable , well-appointed room with coffee always available . we chose a tariff to include breakfast and would highly recommend this option which also included delicious complimentary evening hors d ' oeuvres , what a bonus ! excellent hotel and value . 
stayed here for N nights mainly for work on my first trip to chicago . room had everything i needed , comfortable bed , fridge , good desk space and sofa area . but no safe box . i had a room on N floor facing east . the view was good but not spectacular . there is a fire station a block away and the sirens from the fire trucks were slightly annoying . the free wireless was pretty slow and the free breakfast food itself was mediocre but i liked the relaxed style - you could come and go as you please , take the food back to your room and they kept the coffee bar open all day . service was good . front desk staff were helpful and there was a very pleasant waitress in the breakfast room . the only thing that would keep me away is the other guests that stayed here . call me snobby but i found there were too many noisy families with lots of young kids running around . 
i live in chicago and stayed here for a bachelorette party . it has a fantastic location because it is by so many restaurants , bars , etc . one major problem is that when the reservation was made , we requested a cot . it wasn ' t in the room so we called down to the front desk and the said that it wasn ' t noted on the reservation and that we couldn ' t have one . at that time we asked if we could get some extra pillows and blankets and we were told that if we wanted those that we ' d have to come down and get our own . if i ' m paying well over N for a hotel room for one night i better be getting that kind of thing brought to me . 
this is a typical w hotel , which , for us , made it a lot of fun . it ' s got a great , hip lobby with lots of stuff going on all the time . they have a good restaurant , and it is right within walking distance of lake michigan and navy pier . the mag . mile isn ' t too far ( several blocks ) , so it is a little trek . . . but if you ' re young and don ' t mind walking a lot , then it is doable . the rooms are fantastic . the beds , as always are wonderful . the view was good , as well . overall , if you can find it at a good deal , i ' d recommend it . it was a little pricy though . 
my fiance and i stayed at the allerton for a long weekend to take in the sites of chicago as well as attend the bears game on N N N . it was our first visit to chicago and the central location the mag mile was perfect- walking distance to everything ! pros safe , central location walkable to everything , clean rooms , yummy breakfast , great fitness center , raul -waiter during breakfast was great , bellhops very cordial , o ' hare travel board with arrivals and departures right in lobby . cons ambulances , police cars going to northwestern trauma center around the corner with siren at all hours of the night is tough on light sleepers , check-in staff was somewhat lethargic and not exactly eager to please , bar lounge was sometimes not staffed and did not offer as great of scene as adjacent hotels . despite the cons , i would visit again , as it was well priced and convenient . 
we have stayed at the essex three times , all as an overnighter before catching the train . on this particular trip we wanted a room that faced navy pier so we could watch the fireworks from our room . the desk clerk worked with us until we found just the ' right ' room . we were given an amazing room with the perfect view . the clerk was so helpful and friendly , we felt quite pampered . the location is fantastic . we have had queen , king and suite type rooms and all have been clean and comfortable . folks who don ' t like the essex most likely don ' t like old nostalgic hotels . this one evokes an old chicago feel with modern day comfort . perfect for the middle-aged who appreciate good service , good value and don ' t need a lot of modern-day frills . 
very good hotel for short stays . the room ( two double beds ) is not big , but well arranged . the staff is very nice and helpful . the hotel is one block from michigan ave ( magnificent mile ) , just south of northwestern law and medical school . restaurants and boutiques nearby , N or N min walk to navy pier , millenium park , about Nmin walk for the loop . nice walking area . free wifi . 
the homewood suites were a perfect central spot for exploring all the chicago highlights . we were close by to shopping , the theatre , and plenty of good restaurants . trader joe ' s was just around the corner so we picked up some bottled water , wine and fruit on the first day . the free trolley was a great option to get to attractions and tours near the pier . the only thing i would not recommend around the hotel is the espn zone bar restaurant . the free daily breakfast was convenient and had plenty of options . the free wireless in rooms and business center were also nice . our room was very large , but could have used some updating . we would not hesitate to stay here again on a future trip . 
this hotel is in a great location downtown and , from what i can tell , a good bargain . ( i had a convention rate of N night . ) i can personally recommend the housekeeping staff -- i left a drawerful of stuff behind , by accident , and a staffperson cheerfully arranged to have it shipped promptly to my home , no charge . a big bonus - there ' s a trader joe ' s grocery store in the ground floor of the hotel , a great place to pick up snacks and drinks . ( my room came equipped with a fridge and microwave if i hadn ' t been there for a conference , i could ' ve eaten very cheaply and relatively healthfully if needed . ) the staff members that handled our conference meals and gatherings were attentive and professional . only small negative , the downstairs lobby is small and tends to be crowded and noisy . ( i was able to check in quickly , though . ) also , the elevators are slow my advice if you ' re fit , get a low floor and find the stairs . they ' re carpeted , and accessible with a key card , so i felt safe . the restaurant downstairs , eleaven , was good and inexpensive - great bagels . 
the hotel has a very cool lobby , and the staff is great- very helpful and responsive . it has the usual kimpton happy hour , which is always a hit with guests . our room , however , was tiny and loud . as i have stated in other reviews , i am sensitive to noise issues at hotels- the walls at this hotel were paper thin , to the point where a person could hear drawers closing and hangers being hung . also , there was no way to escape hall noise . thank goodness our neighbors in the rooms were not loud guests . i would not go out of my way to stay here again . 
after reviewing several hotels my friend and i decided to book through priceline - big mistake ! we drew the short stick and wound up with hotel felix . we were taking a last minute girl ' s trip to chicago for a long weekend . i knew felix was a boutique hotel - no big deal , just needed two beds . i contacted denise -- ( head of reservations ) weeks in advance and she was not only rude , but the least bit helpful . we were crammed in the worst room with one queen bed on a floor with a view of neighboring parking lot . the only positive was that the bed was very comfortable , then again i was sharing it with my friend so it wasn ' t even worth enjoying ! if hotels do not wish to accommodate customers who book through third party sites , they should not list their extra rooms through partners like priceline , orbitz , expedia . . . . i will do my very best to avoid this hotel and the inconsiderate staff in the future . be warned ! 
i know i ' m going to enjoy my stay at a hotel when the staff at the check in desk is friendly enough to joke around with you . we booked a king deluxe room that has an extra sitting area . the price was very reasonable ( N a night , booked right before we got there ) since we were there for the rsna conference and every other hotel jacks up their prices to be N ( best western ) to N ( hilton ) . i wasn ' t willing to pay that much for a regular hotel that required paid valet parking and i would still have to drive or take a shuttle to get to the mccormick center . if you aren ' t traveling alone , the walk from the hotel to the center was very short and safe enough . as a girl , i would not walk it alone at night but would still feel completely comfortable with walking it in the day . it only took us N minutes to walk to the west part of the center . the doors are open even though it was not in use during the conference so it was not hard to get to the lakeside center . i was also able to park my car right in the courtyard of the hotel which was fully gated and required a key card to get in . i could even see my car from our room window . the first thing i noticed when i walked into the room was the layout . i didn ' t think having an extra seating area would be anything special for the extra N a night but i liked it ! it was large enough for us to sit there and eat comfortably while keeping it separate from our sleeping area . the room had a large mini fridge and a coffee maker . it did not have a microwave but the staff at the front desk was absolutely wonderful and microwaved our left overs for us . we went to joy yee restaurant in chinatown our first night and had soo many leftovers . the food was great and cheap . chinatown is very close and i did not sense any bad neighborhood vibes from it like other reviewers mentioned . if you ' re aware and careful , any area is safe . i ' ve yet to be robbed once or had a problem my entire life and i ' ve traveled all over the world ( knock on wood ) . the bed was a regular king size bed which was satisfactory . the tv was flat screen and wonderful for my boyfriend ( espn . . . ) the bathroom was large and the shower curtain rod is rounded so it makes the large tub even bigger . the shower curtain was a bit short though for when you ' re taking a shower and you put the curtain inside . i did have to go buy bar soap because the one there contained aloe and i ' m allergic to it . what i wasn ' t expecting the most was the cleaning service . they came early ( N N ) but since we were there for the conference , it wasn ' t a problem . they go away if you lock it and don ' t open the door too . but what i was surprised about was how clean they made everything ! the lady even put a face towel under our items on the bathroom counter top . she threw away our empty drinks on the sitting area table too . the linens were always nice and hair free . the lobby area of the hotel was very modern but also very comfortable to sit around it . they had lots of couches and tables . people were always there working away on their laptops or sitting around reading books . even with people there all the time , there was also always enough seating that you could find a space . i don ' t know how much more i can praise this place but if i ' m coming to chicago for the conference again next year , i ' ll definitely be back . 
i have stayed at the burnham a few years ago and while originally i was happy to be back , i think the service is slipping--or certainly was not great when i was there . i booked a room at the burnham as the palomar ( in which i have stayed in twice this spring ) was full . the location is still good for tourists . the hotel is located in the loop area blocks from millennium park and the geary stage , near the art institute , and close to all the major museums and aquarium . nordstrom rack next door , and starbucks a few doors down . the hotel is a great historic building and so the room sizes vary . i paid and signed up for a kimpton upgrade online . i was told it was granted ( via email ) but surprisingly when i checked in at N N pm , the room i was given was smaller than the rooms i typically have occupied at this hotel . it was the smallest double i have ever seen ! ! it certainly was not an upgrade and when i mentioned it to the front desk that it was a low floor , no view , and really tiny , they said it was all they had . i found out later that it wasn ' t the case and another employee admitted it wasn ' t an upgrade and the hotel wasn ' t full . i don ' t know if i was given such a dinky room since i checked in so late in the day , but i had business meetings since my arrival on a N N am flight that morning and didn ' t have time to come to the hotel earlier . i had to remind the staff that i was a kimpton in touch member and ask for the coupon that usually is handed to a member on arrival . they tried to tell me i wasn ' t an in touch member ( which i found funny since i had stayed in a kimpton hotel twice in may--chicago and dc ) but they finally located the envelope addressed to me with the coupon . they didn ' t apologize . i spent the evening outside the hotel at a private party and then dinner--at rl which is one of my all time favorites . when we returned , i wanted to go have drinks with my sister and found out that the hotel restaurant and bar closes at N pm . since it wasn ' t busy , apparently they were closing at N N pm instead--it seemed rather early for a friday night . --and couldn ' t give us a glass of wine to take to our rooms . so i asked the front desk for a recommendation but they said they didn ' t know anything in the area that was open . so i asked about room service--thinking we would order a bottle of wine . the person at the desk said his colleague ( who was standing next to him ) handles room service and referred me to him . problem was that the colleague was on a personal phone call right at the desk ! i literally waited over N minutes listening to him talk to his friends loudly and finally just gave up and went upstairs . i was only there N night ( flew in for business , checked in at N N pm , immediately left the hotel for dinner and returned at N N pm and then checked out the next morning and went to o ' hare ) so it didn ' t really matter but i will not be staying at this kimpton in chicago again . i admit i am disappointed as i used to love this hotel and raved about it to friends , but the service seems to have fallen . don ' t get me wrong , the hotel is adequate but merely average . i stay in kimpton hotels around the country and their standard is so high , that the average stands out as below the bar . next time i will be staying at the chicago palomar whose service is up to the usual fantastic kimpton standard . 
my wife and i traveled with our three elementary-school-aged children for spring break . we ended up at the palomar because of the excellent " grand opening " rates which allowed us to book a suite rather than two separate rooms . simply put we had a wonderful stay . from the bellman to the room service waiter , every member of the staff was exceedingly kind , courteous , and worked hard to please . chic " boutique hotels " can be a bit intimidating for families , especially those with small children , but everyone made us feel like we were the " coolest " of their " cool " guests . the suite room was spotless , hip-ly furnished , and huge . the similarly ample bath with marble shower and jetted soaking tub was fantastic . we ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant , and again , the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating , especially our waiter . the food was excellent . we ate other meals out , as the hotel is located in the middle of some of the best restaurant territory in chicago . there were some " grand opening " glitches , that really do not merit mention . the fire extinguishers were still wore their the construction dust covers . construction dust and dirt bubbled up in the soaking tub ( at least i hope it was construction dust ! ) room service brought meals without any silverware . there were no pillows or blankets for the kids ' pull-out bed . all of these problems were quickly and efficiently remedied with a call to the reception desk . all in all , we will definitely consider returning to the palomar at our next opportunity . 
even if we didn ' t have a terrible experience with the front desk about the inadequacy of our first room , i would have to comment on how the hotel has deteriated since our stay just a year ago . the staff is still extremely cordial ( except for our checking in experience ) , but our room was in terrible shape . the sliding closet doors would absolutely not move . one was open so we had access to the hangers but could not use the safe which was behind the closed part . the magnifying mirror in the bathroom was on a loose bracket and could not be used because it hung so low , not to mention that the light on it did not work . the chair at the desk had upholstery so worn that the stuffing was coming through . it looked like it should be on the sidewalk for garbage pickup . this is very sad because we were looking forward to our return after a wonderful stay last year . 
loved this place ! ! it is a very convenient train ride from midway airport , and only a block or two away from the randolph station . we arrived at noon , and even though checkin wasn ' t until N we got our two rooms immediately , which was really nice . my room faced the river and had a huge cushioned window seat ( easily the size of a single bed ) . the king sized bed was very comfortable , and the bedding really nice . turndown service each night is a great little extra . we had not expected to come back to a filled ice bucket and chocolates on the pillow . the toiletries are very nice , and we appreciated having an umbrella left in the room . my brother had a " tall " room which he liked ( longer bed taller shower ) , but his view was of the roof and his ice bucket wasn ' t filled one night . we had the bellhop hold our bags since we weren ' t leaving town until well after checkout . we had no problems with this either . you are in easy walking distance to macy ' s , nordstrom rack , goldcoast dogs , the cta , a number of bus stops , and just a few blocks from tons of other stores and restaurants . we noticed many people with their dogs , but did not hear any barking in our room . we would definitely stay here again . 
stayed at the sofitel for N night . the location is perfect blocks away from the magnificent mile ( michigan ave . ) . if your there just for a few days then use public transportation . the hotel is only a few blocks from the red line and from most buses . the staff was extremely helpful and friendly . the concierge was full of useful information . the room was beautiful . we had a king room on the Nth floor . once i laid down on the feather bed i didn ' t want to get back up . it was almost sinful how comfortable it was . the down in the featherbed is treated to be allergen free . my wife who is allergic to down had no problems . the room was decorated very nicely . pictures on the walls , there was a chaise to lounge on . we ordered room service sunday morning . the food came within N minutes . the food was hot and very good . the sofitel is now my favorite hotel in chicago . 
i got stuck with this hotel using priceline . this place is nowhere near the star ratings i ' ve seen it at . the place was dingy , dirty , and smelly . the bed was horribly uncomfortable , and the desk staff was rude and unpleasant . their valet would park your car for you but you can save some by parking it yourself a block or so north at the garage attached to the four seasons . i would never stay here again and would most certainly not recommend it to anyone else . 
they charge your credit card at the time of booking not at time of arrival . do not do this ! this is a scam-ish deal . they will not refund if something goes wrong . . . . . . also they turned off heating system . no heater ! ! ! ! temps out were Nish . . . no fun cold room and very hard bed . 
this hotel is perfect . it ' s location is just right for a weekend trip to chicago as it ' s close to the downtown loop area but also close to lincoln park , the navy pier , and the lake . it ' s within blocks of the hancock building and michigan avenue but not in the super touristy water tower place . the hotel itself is beautiful . . . new but with lots of character and interesting touches . it ' s a modern boutique style but softer and , i think , better done than a w . the room was large and extremely comfortable with great touches and a super comfy bed . the staff was extremely gracious and upgraded us to a suite when our room wasn ' t ready upon our arrival ( we were a bit early , around N ) . and , everyone we encountered on the staff was upbeat and helpful . we would definitely return to this hotel and highly recommend it . 
great location on michigan avenue , yet old and tired . heat in room is so loud , hard to sleep . needs a shot in the arm . the staff is good though ! 
the design of the hotel makes for some noise issues but overall it ' s a pleasant experience . the front desk staff , clem in particular are very helpful , polite and professional . clem went out of her way to provide information and to help ensure that our needs were met . people are very eager to write negative reviews but i wanted to take the time to compliment clem on being a superior customer service represenative . the free morning breakfast is much better then expected offering a vast assortment of choices . i have had some bad complimentary breakfasts but this one was very good . located within walking distance of navy pier , shopping and restaurants , the lakefront embassy is a good choice for your chicago stay and with the addition of clem it becomes a great choice . 
my stay at the conrad was wonderful . this hotel is so beautifully decorated and my room was very luxurious . one of the very best parts of my stay was the central location of the conrad to almost everything of interest in chicago . i was able to walk to millinium park , the art institute , all the shops south on michigan avenue and i was able to walk north to oak street , the historical water tower and more great shops along the way . another very important observation was that the staff is so friendly and accomodating . makes an out of towner feel very welcome
the hotel was in a fabulous location and the staff was nice and remembered all the things i had requested before check-in . i can ' t wait to go back to this hotel . 
our experience at the allegro was overall excellent ! my sister was married there and we stayed there . we were treated like kings and queens by the staff . anything we needed they accomodated . the hotel was immaculate , tasteful and fun ! very warm and inviting no matter where you are from . N great bars and a restaraunt . great place for special events . the regular rooms are a bit small , but nice . the suites are beautiful ! highly reccomended ! ask for carlo if you are planning an event ! ! 
i would not have even bothered writing a review about this hotel if were not for the fact that they ran out of cribs . i expressly stated when i made our reservation that we needed a crib for our infant toddler . when we arrived we were told that they ran out . i asked why . the front desk said that a family extended their stay and needed to keep the one they were using and the hotel did not have any extras . i then asked why , when it became clear that your guests were staying an extra night , you didn ' t make provisions to get more cribs since you knew we were coming . ( i mean , come on , did they think we were not going to notice ? ) after a very long song and dance , where i was made to feel like i was making a fuss , the front desk got someone to go and buy a portable crib from a nearby shop . fortunately , even though it was a holiday weekend , they managed to do this . after this experience , i am not sure i would stay here again . ( there was also hardened dried snot embedded into one of the bedsheets . clearly , the laundering facilities leave something to be desired as well . ) that said , it is right next to the arts institute - which is a major plus if that is the main thing you are doing . 
i had returned to my room one evening and the room was hot . adjusting the thermostat did no good . a hotel engineer happened to be on the floor so i asked if he could look at it . he reset the thermostat and sensor and indicated that if it did not cool down to call again in N minutes . unfortunately , it did not cool down so i called downstairs and another engineer was at my door in minutes . i explained to him what had happened and he asked me to hold tight and he would be back in N minutes . he was back in N minutes with a new ac on a trolley . he slipped the old unit out , put the new one in and the room was now cooling . this took no more than N minutes of his time and i was back to being comfortable . having had this issue before i have run into enginners spending an hour trying to fix the unit or having to move to another room . not here . this is the way these issues should be resolved . my kudos to the engineering staff of the w . these are the small things that tell customers how important they are . 
we spent two nights at this awesome hotel in february N for our visit to the oprah show . everything was perfect ! pros price- N for weeknight with aaa location-one block from redline and a few blocks from michigan ave , starbucks and N-N ( with wine , beer , liquor ! ) a block away , attached to an italian restaurant and ruth ' s chris ( happy hour food for N from N-N ) , many bars and restaurants within two blocks . rockit bar grill was very good and reasonably priced ( N-N entrees , N-N drinks ) . clean friendly staff breakfast was awesome ! waffles , eggs , sausage , cereals , fruits , yogurt . very good selection open N-N . very comfortable beds pool hot tub but we didn ' t use cons ( neither are that bad , but just to make you aware ) valet parking was N . there is a garage next door which ranged from N-N but we didn ' t really check it out . noisy-duh ! ! right next to a fire station but they provide ear plugs . this why i rated sleep quality a N . i am planning on back in the spring when there is not N inches of snow on the ground ! ! ! 
hotel is located well in chicago , in walking distance to many popular sites and attractions , such as navy pier , magnificent mile , and hancock building ( longer walk ) . hotel amenities are ok , certainly the hot breakfast ( but expect lines ) , and attractive suites , but there isn ' t an in-room safe or free web access . some lamps failed to work in the suite , and batteries for tv remotes need replacement . bedrooms are maintained nicely by the housekeeping staff . i liked our view to the south , and you could also see lake michigan . easy access to lobby and street with efficient elevators . device in lobby that allows you to print boarding passes for flights was not providing that feature . also , pool was closed for a whole day unexpectedly . breakfast food good , especially the quickly but well prepared omelettes . bacon was delicious and plentiful . free cocktails and soft drinks in early evening is a nice thing , but it ' s very impersonal . don ' t expect a cocktail party , as many guests pick up drinks and bring them up to suites . if the price is right , then you should consider staying here . 
my stay at the drake was wonderful from start to finish . staff went out of their way to accommodate me from changing rooms to sending someone up to help me figure out the tv remote . i arrived on prom night and the lobby was full of highschool students ready for a night of partying . i was afraid the noise may be heard in the guest rooms but i didn ' t hear a thing all night . the bed was so comfortable too . when my stay ended , i had a great send off when the door man was so pleasant and hailed a taxi for me . 
chicago the chicago marriott hotel magnificent mile , okay but had some serious problems . january Nst N reviewer trip advisor member i had a reservation at the chicago marriott magnificent mile checking in on january N-N N . upon check-in the young lady was wonderful . she noticed in my reservation that i ' d request a complimentary upgrade if it was available . there was availability for an upgrade and i was very happy . this was a treat to myself for new years staying on the magnificent mile in chicago ) . my sister and i checked into the room which had a wonderful view of the city . however i was a little disappointed with the room considering i had just stayed at the marriott atlanta airport on new years eve and the room was simply beautiful and they had just been renovated as well . my sister and i decided to go to the bar for drinks . yes , it was crowded busy . we stood at the bar for N minutes while the bartender totally ignored us . we were standing behind N empty bar stools and watched the bartender take orders from the guest on both sides of us . ( left right side ) we watched the bartender go to the other side of the bar to wait on another guest and we were there first . finally , N men who were also guest at the hotel came over to us and said we ' ve been watching you ladies stand here asking for his attention and the bartender continued to ignore you . one of the men had to literally get the bartender attention and said to him these ladies have been standing here waiting to buy a drink for atleast N minutes or so . yes , that ' s when the bartender came over to serve us and yes he saw us standing there trying to get his attention before the nice men came forward . i was very embarrassed because i ' m also bragging about how nice marriott treats it guest and especially their elite members as compared to hilton . i tried to speak to someone about my concerns but there was only one person at the concierge desk and he had long line and the young lady who checked us in was only the young lady working checking people into the hotel , her line was long . there was N or N empty positions with nobody working standing there to assist the guest . if they were working they didn ' t come out to help the young lady . i have stayed at several full service marriott hotels and i have never seen only one or two people working when it ' s extremely busy especially during the holiday season . if there ' s more than three people in line at a full service marriott you will definitely see another representative come out of the office to help out . therefore i just gave up . i wanted to stay there for new years eve and i ' m glad that i didnt . the rooms are over priced for it ' s decor . and i am talking about the concierge floor room . the hotel was suppose to have been renovated . perhaps they need to visit other marriott hotels to get some ideas . i would have been very upset with myself if i had moved forward with my plans to stay at this hotel for new years eve only to be disappointed with my room and the awful customer service that my sister and i recieved . i am not going to discuss the service during breakfast in the resturant upstairs . the food was great the service was awful . this was very embarrassing and especially being a platinum member with marriott . i ' ve been an elite member for N or N years and this is truly a disappointment . this was my first time ever staying at this hotel and was looking forward to staying there . on the internet the rooms looked great and just being on the magnificent mile in chicago i really expected everything to be on point and it wasn ' t . i only stayed one night and checked out of the hotel . 
stayed here for a conference october N-N , N . we had a group rate of N but found out the room really went for N ! we flew in at N N am and the hotel let us check in early at N - we were exhausted so this was welcome . we upgraded to a window room - room N . this is a fabulous room with great views of the chicago river , navy pier and lake michigan . hotel is in a great location - we walked to restraunts , museums , parks etc . . . the mag mile is very close as well . the bed , as noted in earlier posts , is not what i would expect from a hotel as nice as this . but it was still comfortable . the staff have impeccable manners ! i think this is what you pay for - parking is N day , the gym is N day , the restraunt is very pricey etc . . . but the staff treat you like royalty . one very simple , but very appreciated touch was the water service in the front lobby . it was ice cold and filled with citrus - very refreshing after walking the city , even on cold days . 
we stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers while taking my son and daughter back to school . a week prior we stayed at the w in chicago on lakeshore drive . while both are fine starwood properties , the w was loud and pretentious . the sheraton , on the other hand , impresses in its understatement . it is simply a classic hotel , well appointed , and comfortable . staff was helpful and friendly across the board , from the front desk to the cocktail waitress who brought us our well made drinks . this is my hotel of choice in chicago . 
be careful when booking your room through orbitz or another Nrd party . you can miss the fine print . the hotel can put you in any room they want , smoking or non-smoking , regardless of what you request . one step onto the Nth floor at the whitehall and you will smell what that can mean . the hotel should be ashamed to rent rooms with such a horrible stench , in the curtains , linens , carpet , everywhere . you and your clothes smell of smoke when you leave . basically , you have no choice and the staff is less than professional in they way they handle the issue . 
i have stayed here many times since my mother lives nearby and have experienced all of the things mentioned in other reviews worn furniture and rugs , holes in blankets , surly staff , indifferent cleaning , stuff that didn ' t work , noisy neighbors in moments of passion . but on this last visit i have to say things have improved . the bed was comfortable , the room was clean and looked like it had recently been renovated , the shower was great . it was very hot and muggy in chicago and the air conditioner worked great . there were plenty of towels and the internet was fast . the building is still showing its age but they are making an effort . the lady at the front desk was very friendly and helpful . it is still a great price and it is still the only hotel close to the university of chicago . taxis at the door and close to mass transit--train and bus--to downtown or mccormick place . it is certainly no luxury hotel but the rates are reasonable and it really isn ' t bad . i did not try the restaurant this time . the exercise room is rudimentary . 
we stayed at the amalfi hotel july of N . the check in was very smooth and quick . the room was large with lots of windows , however there was no view , we were on the Nrd floor , with a building right outside our window . the bed was very comfortable , pillow top mattress , feather pillows , and nice quality triple sheeting . the reception hour was wonderful . we had a great bartender and the appetizers were nice . the room was small , with not much seating , but other than that , all was more than acceptable . the location for us was perfect . we took advantage of the free trolley , which runs memorial day to labor day . 
stayed here N-N october for business . i couldn ' t help but notice that some of the " basic " rooms were much smaller than others . same for the bathrooms . the room i had was small but i had a king size bed . not much room for more than N people and i think even that would be tight . the hotel is old but they have put in an effort to keep it updated with the furnishings . the rooms are clean the entire hotel is clean . staff are friendly . it is a huge hotel and there were a lot of people . it is located in a nice part of the city and it is close to a lot of great shopping . i never needed to take a cab to the magnificent mile ( about N minutes to walk ) , and you are close to the macy s , jc penny , etc along state street . overall , a very good experience and i would definitely return . 
our room was quite nice and well equiped with amenities . the staff in the hotel were super nice and the concierge was great ! the location of the hotel was about N blocks off michigan ave . so it was a little less congested there and quieter . we walked every where the city was fantastic and all the venues from museums , restaurants , tours were the best ! we would definately go to chicago again and stay at the talbott . 
upon check in we were informed that " self parking " had no in-out privileges and was N . N per day . the valet option did have in-out privileges , so we chose that option , but it cost N . N per day . a total of N . N to park our car for two days at the hotel . the valet doesn ' t even bring the car to the front door , you have to go down to the basement to pick up your car . the parking charge was N N the cost of our room which we were not happy about , nor do they tell you that when you book your room . secondly , being the weekend before valentine ' s , my husband thought it would be a special surprise to have flowers in our room . he called the hotel a few days before our arrival and spoke to the concierge who assured him they could take care of that . he was referred to randolph florist , who also said , they do that all the time . well upon our arrival , no flowers in the room , spoiling the surprise my husband had planned . the hotel did have the flowers , they offered no apologies or explanation as to what happened with the flower delivery . thirdly , the hotel offers free wi-fi in the rooms , but we had difficulty on my laptop of getting a signal strong enough to use the wi-fi . we sure were disappointed and upon expressing our disappointment were referred by the concierge to log our feedback on tripadvisor . com . fourthly , we were attending the auto show and the hotel advertised a free shuttle to the convention center . the hours of the shuttle were Nam - Nam and then from N Npm - Npm . these times were not advertised anywhere on the hotel web site , only that there was a free shuttle . some other travelers waited over N minutes for the shuttle , that was supposed to run every N N hour . the hotel was convenient to . various locations within walking distance for food , etc . . . . but a return trip back to chicago will result to in us staying in a different hotel . 
i was so disappointed by my N-night visit . it felt neither as a four seasons nor a ritz-carlton ( with the exception of their wonderful staff and the good breakfast ) . the room was old and sparsely furnished . the bathroom among the smallest i have ever seen . the tub ( no separate showe ) was literally attached to the toile-- you had no option of a hand held shower either . at bed turndown the staff did the bare essentials , -- no water , no chocolate , no rug and slippers , no shutting of curtains . no international tv channels , not even cnn international . 
killer location . walkable to just about everywhere . terrific views . excellent fitness center . everything that i ' d expect from sheraton ' s premiere chicago location . 
i have stayed at the talbott a number of times , mostly for business and sometimes for pleasure . it is just beautiful , the rooms feel like a luxurious version of home and the staff could not be more pleasant . all that , and you are in walking distance of so much to do in chicago . . . the talbott really has it all ! 
i stayed at the westin on michigan avenue with my parents when visiting chicago in N . it is a fantastic hotel , with modern decor and absolute high class service ! from the moment you enter the lobby you immediately feel the westin touch . the front desk agents were competent and professional and i will never forget the impact the doorman had on our stay ! he was always smiling and seemed to absolutely love his job . . . the westin on michigan ave . is a must stay for anyone who s visiting chicago ! it is centrally located , and offers great value for N-star service ! 
this is a great location near the magnificent mile in chicago , and the hotel was recently renovated , so the rooms are high quality and very clean looking . there is a nice breakfast on the second floor , staff is attentive to needs , etc . we would definitely stay here again . i was really happy with being allowed to check into the suite early am , due to having a suite available , and the overall value of this property . no complaints at all . 
it was a beautiful hotel with great service however , better suited for business or adult only trips . the hotel was very expensive and in addition to the nightly stay we had to pay N for parking . we rented a movie one evening which cost N - i could have gone to other rentals and paid N . this was my first trip to chicago and i thought i was choosing a hotel within walking distance of the shopping and restaurants on the magnificent mile and i was wrong . the first night we walked and had to take a taxi back because it was simply too far for the kids . 
great location and the staff was super nice too , . . . but the rest is just an older hotel , period . i want to give it more than N because of the location and how easy everything is . . . but i just can ' t . the bathroom is super tiny , . . . don ' t even try getting ready to leave the room at the same time as your spouse . . . forget it ! some of the appointments are very tired and in need of an update . wall paper , fixtures , etc . nothing terrible , but noticable . i would go back for a quick weekend trip . the staff was nice and helpful , and as i said , the location is superb ! if i could give it a N . N i would , but i just quite can ' t give it a N . 
i loved it here ! my boyfriend and i booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our N nights here . ( i ' ve paid more to stay at the santa barbara motel N ! ! ) gorgeous hotel , great staff , fun bar lounge area and we were most impressed with the room . the large windows in the bathroom were the best--i took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of navy pier and the skyline . i remember thinking , " this is really living . . . " the room was comfortable and quiet , again with great views just like in the bathroom . chicago is a wonderful town--i have nothing but good things to say about it . can ' t wait to come back ! 
just a couple of blocks off n . michigan shopping and on the bus line . stayed here when it was the holiday inn N years ago and since into a nice property . 
booked into this hotel without really knowing the area , and wasn ' t really thrilled about the neighborhood . it ' s a bit of a remote location if you ' re a tourist , especially if you ' re used to staying on the loop or on mag mile the hotel is the tallest building on that side of the interstate , and it ' s only about N stories . check-in was frustrating we tried for an early check-in and were told the room would be ready in " about an hour " so we wandered to the adjacent grocery store and camped out in the starbucks there , as a rowdy wedding party had taken over the hotel lobby upon returning , we were told it would be another " half hour or so " and that pattern kept up for a full N hours or so . . . honestly if they ' d said it would be N hours from the get-go , we ' d have gone and done something , not hung around the lobby ! once in the room , the furnishings were quite nice , simple but stylish fairly comfortable bed ( the mister liked it more than i did ) , and everything very clean . we had a balcony but didn ' t spend much time on it . hotel gives free wi-fi which works quite well in the lobby and is painfully slow in the guest rooms . there is quite a bit of freeway noise but oddly it becomes soothing , like a white noise machine , after a bit . some of the doormen ( particularly the one who stored our bags ) are a bit surly . had breakfast at the adjacent hotel , dine . food was quite nice and prices were very good , especially by hotel standards . service , on the other hand , was completely absent . overall , i wouldn ' t stay here again simply because of the location they do charge mag mile rates and it ' s not a neighborhood that should command those prices . 
my boyfriend and i stayed at the avenue crown plaza for N nights . the hotel is half block off the magnificent mile and across the street from northwestern medical center . we walked to millennium park and oats beach . our king room was large with ample blankets . the bathroom was clean and spacious . we had a wonderful room with a view of michigan ave . the professional staff greeted us by name each time we passed through the lobby . the valet staff was courteous and quick with a compliment . the workout room is small but adequate . i would stay here again and again . 
the drake hotel is an excellent choice for anyone interested in staying along the ' magnificent mile ' . we arrived at the hotel about Nam and were very pleased when we were upgraded to a jr . suite and immediately given our room keys . our room was very large and very beautifully decorated . the hotel is convenient to all of the best shopping as well as the oak street beach area , which was fun to visit as well . my only ' complaint ' was that there was no where particularly close to walk to and grab a cup of coffee , but this was a small price to pay for such a beautiful hotel and location . i would definitely recommend this hotel . 
i am platinum elite with marriott and much to my surprise and disappointment upon checking in this past friday for a N night weekend stay was closure of the club lounge for the weekend . . . . actually every weekend . thinking there had to be alternative benefits ( breakfast in the restaurant , drinks at the bar . . . anything ! ) i inquired and was told rudely by the " elite check-in desk " staff that they would not offer me anything else , other than the spartan " welcome amenity . " not taking this without more inquiring , i called guest services and was given the same answer . clearly they encounter upset elite members on weekends and are ready with their abrupt and non-accommodating responses . my beef isn ' t as much with the lack of club access , but with the lack of notice by the hotel with my confirmation and the lack of an alternative benefit to make up for it . had i known this in advance , i would have stayed elsewhere ( and i assume they know this . . . thus why they don ' t tell you ) . i am diamond with hyatt and gold with hilton and have never run into this before . . . without at least some other benefit to make up for the lack of club access . clearly the marriott downtown chicago does not value elite guests . . . at least not on weekends . as for the rest of the hotel , it ' s fine , but nothing special . they ' ve spruced up the lobby , but the rooms are small , especially the bathrooms , and d cor is dated . plus this was the first hotel i have stayed at in a long time that does not have in-room wifi , only a single ethernet cable . there is wifi in the lobby though . i found this frustrating when using devices like my ipad and laptops . as for the positive , the location on michigan ave . is convenient and the restaurant named harvest had a tasty for breakfast buffet . however , be prepared to shell out a hefty N per person if it ' s not part of your room rate . my assessment . . . i won ' t stay here again . there are too many other hotels in the immediate area that offer better rooms and services that make the chicago marriott downtown a hotel that needs to reevaluate their competition and how they treat elite members . 
we was to the fairfield chicago for N nights in september , and that was second stay in " marriott " hotels in chicago . this hotel had really good price ( for good room , large , with sofa , N tv ' s ) at a higher floor . the room ( bed ) was confy , the hotel is really near michigan ave , good restaurants near the room and parking near the hotel . i go back to chicago next month and i will go back to this hotel ! 
the tremont is in a fantastic location for shopping at N n michigan or water tower place or going out in the city . the service by the staff was very pleasant and we had no issues . the valet stand attendants were great in getting us cabs and tending to our luggage . the room we stayed in was on the smaller side , the bathroom needed updating ( especially the paper thin towels ! ) , but the one main drawback was how thin the walls were . to not feel like a voyeur , i had to turn on the old tv to drown out the romantic activities of our neighbors . that was a bit uncomfortable . the price paid was reasonable ( use aaa ) for the city , but watch out for the outrageous valet charges for cars ( N day ) . this is pretty typical i found out , but still , it ' s a lot of money ! we also really enjoyed the food and hospitality at mike ditka ' s restaurant , attached to the tremont . overall , if you won ' t spend much time in your room , this might be a real find ! 
we have stayed here several times with our children , most recently in august N . the rooms are one bedroom suites with a living area that has a pull-out sofa , so mom and dad can have some privacy while the kids have their own place to sleep . the hotel is adjacent to the hancock tower so you ' re not far from everything . my only complaint is that the wireless internet access seems awfully slow . otherwise , we would stay here again with our children . 
we were greeted right away by the front desk person , tommie , who was very welcoming . he made sure everything was taken care of and was just overall great . the room ( a suite ) was small but clean and perfectly fine . the rooftop pool was wonderful , surrounded by chairs and very breezy which was welcome in super-steamy chicago . the food in the attached restaurant is also very good , we ate there twice . good pizza , excellent spaghetti ! would definately stay here again . 
what i look for in a hotel room is comfort but i didn ' t find that here . the rafaello is quite small and old to me . the service received was great , very friendly staff , but it stops there . 
a surprise Nth birthday gift of an overnight stay at the drake was the beginning of a lovely , lovely weekend . i have lived in chicago all of my life and have never stayed at this wonderful hotel . location of the drake is outstanding , the lobby is elegant , the coq d ' or lounge had lovely musical entertainment , my room had a wonderfully comfortable bed and linens , the hallways and room were quiet . the occasional honking of an outside car was part of the urban ambience for me . others might not appreciate that . in that case , request a room with a lake michigan view . it is a pricey hotel , but special pricing is sometimes offered . i would stay there again in a heartbeat ! 
i have booked my trip online and since i have been traveling without a car , i needed to stay in downtown . the location of the hotel was excellent and we had a room with a river view which was fantastic . this hotel also connects to the mall so the entrance is little bit tricky . there is an au bon pain next to the hotel which i have visited couple times for breakfast . i would definitely stay in this hotel again . 
stayed here recently for N nights and found the hotel really nice . located conviently for most things in chicago right on the riverfront . hotel itself looked fairly modern and staff were really friendly and helpful ( we had an error with the phones which we didn ' t know , and were charged N but the staff wiped the bill for us , which was a nice touch ) . would definately stay here again ! 
this was my second vacation to chicago ( Nst week of sept N ) and after lots of research and advice we chose to stay in embassy suites lakefront , downtown . this is an excellent hotel to stay in chicago . the suite was big enough to accommodate a decent family size ( we were N ) with even high school grade children . the hotel is conveniently located in the heart of downtown and is literally steps from all the places to visit like navy pier , magnificent mile , water tower , river cruises , restaurants , top shopping malls theaters and lot more . the area is family friendly and you can wonder around even in the late evening hours with family . the breakfast buffet package was fabulous and it had huge variety to select from and every thing to interest even the most selective eaters . the staff at the breakfast was very polite , professional and helpful . the room was clean and had two flat panel tv ' s so that children can watch there stuff in there room and you have your own screen to enjoy . surprisingly the room was big enough to have a small kitchenette , dinning table set , study , sofa bed and an extra vanity to help a family with early morning washroom rush . the house keeping staff was excellent and the room was cleaned and done nicely each evening when we returned back from all day tour . the room was very quite and no downtown noise even though it was on Nth floor and facing street and river . i will strongly recommend this hotel to everyone and you will not be disappointed with the price , quality , food and the luxury of the suite . for us this was worth every penny . i must mention that i like to travel frequently with family a few times every year and always stay in downtown of mega cities . this was " excellent experience " and will always look for embassy suites in future . congratulations to management and staff , keep it up . s choudry
i came to visit downtown chicago fir the first time on a weekend getaway for some shopping and sightseeing with my boyfriend . i thought this hotel would be great based on the star ratings and location . to keep things short -- front desk customer service was rude -- we booked online and we arrived from a long flight ( N hr red eye ) just to tell us that we can wait for N hours or look for another hotel rooms were clean , comfortable bed but very outdated ( it ' s known to be the oldest building in chicago , so understandable ) although location was great ! ! ! N-N minute walk to restaurants , shopping district , and many attractions . 
we were so pleasantly surprised by this hotel ! we got into chicago a night earlier than we ' d planned , and couldn ' t get a room at the sheraton , where we had a reservation to stay the rest of the week . we made an online reservation at the conrad hotel without seeing a picture of it , and when we arrived in chicago we were amazed at how wonderful this hotel was . we have two small daughters , N and N , and the staff was wonderful with them , even sending up milk and cookies to our room the first night . after our first night , we cancelled our reservations at the sheraton because we loved the conrad so much . it ' s attached to a great mall ( with a lego store for our girls to play in ! ) and the location of this hotel is as perfect as you could as for - right by the chicago river on michigan avenue , across the street from the chicago tribune building and a block from the wrigley building . a perfect experience , and everyone from the front desk to the bell desk to the room service employees were fantastic . we never expected to have such a great time at a hotel that looked like it ' d be too nice for us to stay in with our little ones ! and , a great price ! we payed almost N less per night than we would have paid at the sheraton ! ! ! the conrad was great , and saved us a ton of money ! any time we return we ' ll only stay at the conrad ! 
nice hotel . pleasant staff . rooms were very nice , but ours was quite small . i thought it was still a good value , because we paid less for the room than what i could have paid at a comparable hotel in the area . for N nights it was fine , and we didn ' t spend a lot of time in the room . the location is excellent . short walking distance to willis tower and the art institute . a bit longer walk to cross the river and go into the heart of the magnificent mile . took a cab back home from the water tower for about N including tip . there is a starbucks right outside the front door and plenty of other places around for a good , close , cheap breakfast . i would highly recommend valet parking for the few extra dollars you pay , especially if you are checking in during the week as the traffic is insane and there is nowhere good to park your car to drop off luggage . if i wanted to stay in that part of chicago again , i would certainly consider staying at this hotel again . 
we booked thru hotels . com ( mistake N ) . when the N of us got to the silversmith they did not have a room with two beds for us . they had a choice of two very small rooms with one bed and a roll-a-way bed . they did not even offer for us to have both rooms . when we said this is not acceptable they said that they couldn ' t do anything about it since we booked thru hotels . com . we were only guaranteed a room , not a room with two beds . the l train is right in front of the hotel and kind of loud . the night we were there there was a shooting in that neighborhood . we only stayed there one night and will never stay there again . 
this was my first time visiting chicago , and i booked the allerton through hotels . com . the hotel is in a perfect location on the magnificent mile . we walked pretty much everywhere we went . there is an l station a few blocks away . the room was not huge , but it ' s a big city and it ' s expected . the room was very clean , bed very comfortable and the bathroom was great . the lobby is not on the bottom floor , which is a little awkward . however , the bell men are great and ensure you get your luggage to the right place . the lobby was nice , with a firepit and a great bar to relax in at the end of the day . i didn ' t interact with the staff all too much , but when i did , they were very friendly and helpful . i couldn ' t see any reason not to recommend staying here for your trip to chicago ! 
i stayed at the james with my boyfriend back in august for a N day trip to chicago . we found a good value on expedia and based on the positive reviews , we decided to book it . we are very glad we did - the bed was extremely comfy ! we also loved the " modernized " look of our room . for our next visit to chicago this summer , we will definitely stay here again . ps it is in an extremely convenient location . near the subway and shopping . literally right beside the luxe ( wonderful place for lunch ) . 
stayed here in march due to family illness . my Nst time in a motel as i normally stay in the bigger hotels with flight deals . this place did not disappoint as other posters on here have said . this did help me decide on staying here . the room is spacious with a queen bed , tv , fridge , table chairs etc . the staff are very friendly helpful . they do a breakfast bun , bagel , fruit , orange juice and coffee . if you need to go down town you can order a yellow cab and costs about N - N dollers over all i would definately stay here again when in chicago . 
stayed at the embassy suites downtown for N nights to attend a business conference . the location is fantastic , with no need to rent a car if you can make it to the hotel without one ( take the airport shuttle or taxi ) . everything is in walking distance , great restaurants close by , and in a safe area . the front desk managed to find a free king suite upon my request at check in , since i had been reserved a double by mistake . rooms kept clean , the bed was very comfortable , absolutely no problems with the room . the extra value is in the daily breakfast and manager ' s reception . even if the line seems long at breakfast , it moves quickly , and there are always tables available by the time you need one . the nightly happy hour is a nice change from the N dollar drinks you will pay at area restaurants , so take advantage of it if you ' re so inclined . not premium brands , but hey , it ' s free . it was also very nice to be greeted upon returning from to the hotel each evening with a friendly , " welcome home ! " by the porter . they seem to make an effort to be friendly and warm . i would use this hotel again . 
had a great stay at chicago marriott downtown mag mile . the location was perfect for all of the sightseeing in chicago , most in walking distance . the lobby had a great atmosphere and was a nice place to stop and check email ( you pay for internet in the rooms , but free wifi in lobby ) . our room was spotless ! the bathroom was on the small side , but i would trade cleanliness over a larger bathroom anyday . the service was great , we asked for a fridge upon check-in and it was delivered by the time we got back in from sightseeing . concierge staff was helpful with directions . there are plenty of options to eat and drink in the direct vicinity of the hotel . there were restaurants everywhere you looked . we did not get a chance to eat at the hotel restaurant so can ' t comment on that . 
if you dont wish to stay in downtown chicago , and lakeview is your favorite part of town , you cant go wrong with this place . . . very clean , comfy , little breakfast and great location . . so dont be discouraged by the best western sign , its way better ! 
i love that city , its a great place to get lost in . . . the hotel essex was great , the help was friendly , helpful , the pool was great . your right in the middle of things , the hustle and bustle . i would of stayed longer , but oh well you have to go home sometimes . 
i had a quit trip to chicago , and decided to try a hotel i have heard about , but never had an opportunity to visit the allerton hotel . what a great decision i made . my first impression was that the hotel staff was there to make my life easier . i was greated at my cab and the service was top notch from then on . there was a long line for check in , but instead of making people wait , additional staff came to help ( loved this ) . before bringing my bags up , they called to make sure it was a " good time for me " . . . . a simple task , but was appreciated . from directions from the bellman , to service at the lounge , it was one of the best experiences of service i have had . oh , and by the way , the rooms are beautifully decorated , cozy and had everything i needed . no need to mention that its a great location . i love staying at a hotel where i can walk everywhere , i only needed a cab to get me back to the airport . for work travel or leisure , this place makes travel easy and enjoyable . 
we were very pleased with our choice of hotel for the conference we attended . we had over N rooms booked and not a problem to be found ! the location was central to our conference venue ( mccormick place ) and in a safe environment in the city . the rooms were clean and updated , the breakfast was great with plentiful choices . the best part of the stay were the wonderful attentive staff on hand - it was more like concierge service ! with the many changes additions that were made to our group ' s stay , the staff was professional , courteous and more than helpful . when we come back to chicago - we will be staying here ! 
we got a great rate at this hotel ( N . N total ) for saturday night ( valentines day ) and we are glad we chose to stay here . this hotel does not have the fancy entryway foyer area , but oh my . . . . . what a wonderfully decorated room . this room was newly remodeled , with very current and new furniture , fresh paint and even a flat screen N inch hd tv ! ! ! ! ! we have stayed at many downtown hotels and have never had a room this " roomy " ! ! we had a king room and it was huge for downtown . this room and hotel is going to he our N choice from here on out , what a gem ! there is a rosebud prime around the corner and also a rosebud italian restaurant a block away , both great eats ! ! if you are going to stay downtown for a romantic getaway , look no further . . . . . . . hampton inn downtown majestic is the place to stay , hands down ! ! hampton inn . . . . . . . . . you have yourself a gem here ! ! 
if you want to sleep during your stay at this hotel , don ' t get a room on the Nth floor ! ( starwood preferred level ) the doors are paper thin and you hear every other guest ' s door slam shut starting at about Nam . there ' s about a Ninch gap under each door , so light blasts in throughout the night ( i did thow a couple pillows there to block the light and sound , but didn ' t work . ) the door dividing the adjoining guest room is completely ridiculous . . . it ' s so thin , you can hear the other guest using the bathroom and brushing their teeth . service from hotel staff is lacking . no one takes ownership for problems with the exception of one front desk agent named kira who was really amazing . 
this is a really great hotel in downtown chicago just off magnificent mile . it is has a wonderful art deco lobby in creams and yellows with dark wood . the rooms are large and beautifully appointed in pale greens , dark wood and gorgeous bedding . great restaurant , ben pao right across the street . had a fantastic dinner after a long day of travel . went to bed only to discover that opposite the hotel is the fire department . so in the middle of the night , on more than one occasion , we were woken by the sirens of the emergency vehicles heading out on calls . we won ' t be able to stay there again which is a shame because if it wasn ' t for the sirens we would rate this hotel a five star ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i tried them three times and each time they messed up my reservation . since my flight time gets me to the hotel about midnight there is little room for error - one time they actually checked me and sent me upstairs to a room that hadn ' t been cleaned . going back and forth to the lobby after a long day of travel is not my idea of good service . this last time - and it will be the last time- i had reserved a studio room , i had called the day of arrival to confirm that they had my reservation correct , was assured that they did , only to arrive at midnight and find that they were completely full and the only room available was a smaller room - which they thought they would charge me the higher rate for . to put a bad punctuation mark on a bad entry there was no internet available in that tiny room . i had not had that problem before , two calls to the front desk and the problem was still not resolved by morning . i would not recommend this hotel . the beds are pretty hard which some people like . 
stayed in room N in early june for N nights . stayed in the " main " tower this trip , but have stayed in the other on a previous trip . the room was very fresh with a partial view of the river . has all the usual amenities and furnishings of a hyatt . the staff was friendly and helpful . agree with other posters that the eating options are high - a bagel was N at the self serve and . N at starbucks up the street . the conference rate was not a bargain , but on previous stay got a great rate on hotwire . location is certainly great . i walked up the magnificant mile to N michigan stores , back down along the lake and then up the river walk . had lunch at the park cafe looking straight up at the " bean " and then walked down to the art institute . bottom line , great location , comfortable room , friendly staff and can be a good value . i would stay again . 
the hotel , as a whole , was great . the only N things that i thought left something to be desired , was the service at the restaurant and use of the business center . as far as the restaurant , most of the wait staff were clueless . each morning ( N of them ) , we had to wait and wait and wait . simple things like juice and ketchup were hard to get . although my company covered expenses , i thought N for eggs , home fries and toast was quite steep . ( N and up for a bagel and lox . ) i am a frequent business traveler , but never seem to get used to the prices in hotel restaurants . i tip quite generously , and one would have thought that the wait staff would remember a good tipper and make sure we were taken care of . ( not that others should be neglected ! ! ) the business center was rediculously over-priced . make sure you have your laptop and print whatever you need elsewhere ! ! on a good note , the staff were very accomodating , polite and helpful . the rooms are large , modern and clean . absolutely no reservations about staying there again , on business . 
have stayed here many times for business and with family . love the " parking included " ! always very friendly staff . location is very handy , great dinning within walking or taxi . rooms always clean , some are a bit small but not bad , comfortable beds . restaurant on property is reasonable . some hotel packages available through chicago attractions--check on the web ! this place makes going to chicago on a budget very appealing--will return . 
our family of N travels quite a bit so we ' ve had lots of hotel " experiences " . the amalfi was one of our most pleasant stays . the staff was friendly and helpful , the hotel clean , and the afternoon happy hour was divine ! each staff person we encountered seemed to enjoy their work and performed in top form . i believe this also reflects on the management - happy work environments create happy workers ! cudos to the trustworthy housekeeping staff who returned my forgotten " stuff " . some of these things were vacation purchases that still had tags on . they were returned in a timely manner intact . we will see you on our next visit to your beautiful city . the blake family from winter park , florida
stayd there july Nnd . . . room was smelly and outdated with a few new add-ons . . . . room was small as hell . . . . . no pool . . . N to park and they took forever to retrieve the car . . . . . . . we had a bill of N left under our door for a weed smell ? ? ! ! ! which was false and obsurd ! ! ! the whole hotel smelled of b . o ( body odor ) and gym socks . . . my hubby went the fu off on them . . pack our belongings and we checkd out . . . . . so that foul odor was . ur hotel and . lack of . cleaning . . . . stayd at avenue crown plaza on huron and luvd it . . . dont stay here the smell is dreadful and the staff are lying , under achiever , minimum wage working a s pple ( rude fu s ) . . . yes im still pissed
second stay at the knickerbocker . happened to go on one of the busiest weekends of the summer . tall ships , lolapolluza , art festival , cubs and white sox all going on . the room we stayed in was clean and nice . the only downfall is the fact that we had to sleep in a murphy bed . no N star hotel should have a murphy bed . beyond that , the staff was very helpfull and made the stay enjoyable . 
this hotel is really clean and so comfortable . it was a last minute reservatio and i am so glad that i stayed here . the staff was helpful and friendly . check in and out were hastle free and the entire stay was a pleasure . 
i stayed in chicago for N nights during a conference in november . the conference venue was at the hyatt regency , just a couple of blocks away from the comfort suites . the hotel was considerably cheaper , included internet and breakfast , pretty much everything the conference hotel didn ' t have . in addition , the location was superb next to the river on michigan ave , walking distance from shops , cafes , sightseeing locations , etc . the room was huge ! almost a self contained apartment with a kitchen , fridge , oven , room to iron , etc . the corridor was a bit smelly ( like a pipe burst or something ) , but the smell didn ' t go into the room . i will definitely stay here again if i ' m back in chicago ! 
we love this hotel . we take the train from o ' hare , which costs N . N ( one way ) . there is as stop right around the corner from the hotel . there is also a station right out the door of the hotel . it ' s very conveniently located as far as walking or taking the train . it ' s inside the loop . a very nice , comfortable hotel with a lobby that compares to few . sitting in the lobby having drinks and appetizers is so relaxing . we will stay at the palmer house any time we visit chicago . it ' s worth every penny . great rooms , great service and a beautiful hotel . 
four of us stayed at the hampton for a " girls ' day ( s ) out " and had a terrific experience . the hotel ' s mission decor was delightful , the linens luxurious , the rooms much larger than expected and absolutely spotless , and the staff exemplary . since we are all " of a certain age , " we were a bit concerned about venturing out sans husbands , but the staff was so helpful that our concerns vanished within N minutes . they gave us excellent advice and were so efficient about making ( and changing ) dinner reservations . when we checked out , they told us they would miss us and begged us to stay another day . believe me , we would have loved the opportunity since chicago is such a great city and the people ( and taxi drivers ) so friendly . we found the area very safe and walked almost everywhere , though we did take taxis to michigan ave . so we could conserve our strength for shopping ! we found excellent restaurants in the area , particularly le colonial ( french vietnamese , very upscale ) and keefers for steaks ( a bit pricey but absolutely delicious ) . also liked weber ' s grill for a quick , modestly priced meal before the theater ( very good ribs ) . the hotel breakfast was more than adequate and so convenient . though i am normally not a fan of hampton inns ( except for overnight stops when we are on the road ) , this one is definitely vacation quality at a good price . i look forward to returning with my husband for a longer stay . 
the hotel staff were very friendly and personable . the hotel was very tastefully done . although we were given one of the older rooms it was very clean . the furniture was a bit dated but that didnt affect the stay . the hotel was right next door to the john hancock building . on tuesday there is a farmers market one block away . you are within walking distance of anything you would want . and the bus system is wonderful . get a pass at the visitors center at the clock tower one block from the hotel . the pass is only N a day all you want to ride and transfer . we love the original pancake house for breakfast . ate there at least N times . also love the cheese cake factory for what else the cheese cake . take the boat tour of the city . it is truly beautiful . we found to be very safe in the area we were staying which is also only a brief couple blocks from lake michigan . i would definitely recommend a stay at the seneca and will definitely stay there again . remember though chicago is very expensive . but ask the locals and they will tell you of some good cheap eats . try ronnies in the theatre district . buffet style diner but fantastic if not the best steak i have ever eaten . 
we chose to stay at this hotel for my birthday weekend . the description of this hotel sounded right up my ally . we get there and have problems from the beginning with they way they kept trying to charge my credit card . music was too loud to hear what any of the front desk people were saying . we get into our tiny room and discover writing on the walls . a hot stuffy room with a air conditioner that barely works . a few of the many expensive snacks in the room had already been opened by previous guest and i was hoping my credit card wouldn ' t be charged for them . the design of the lobby and vibes that were thrown off were really nice . i just wish we hadn ' t ran into the issues we had . full review can be found here - www . -------------------- . com N N w-chicago-city-circle-hotel . html
i arrived at the sofitel for a joint leisure and business . it is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable . the rooms are spacious , great beds , pillows and linen . the bathroom has a great shower and bath . wifi works really well and the desk is large . the staff are wonderful . the location is great for shopping , spa ' s , starbucks and hairdressers . i loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it . 
modern and majestic modern hotel with amazing amenities . very friendly staff . great pool , gym , and spa . very high quality food in retraunt . overall excellent experience . 
we stayed here N night to go to american girl doll store and do some shopping . the hotel is in an excellent location--N broke from michigan ave . the room was very clean and they held our bags as would arrived early and could not check in . the front desk rep i think his name was gomez as great . i would stay here again in a heartbeat . got a great rate on travelzoo at N a night
we stayed at the hyatt regency on east wacker for five nights , from april N - april N . all i can say is that the savvy traveler either books elsewhere , or she brings along everything that you ' d expect an upscale hotel to offer . despite the fact that a huge conference was underway , we had no problems with check-in , and although we ' d booked through hotwire , it appears our room was larger and better-designed than others described ( or photographed ) here . the overall cleanliness was also fine . that ' s the good part . unfortunately , using the hotel ' s mini-hair dryer resulted in a blown breaker every day . the dryers are attached to the wall , so you can ' t move to a different outlet , and we eventually requested that an electrician check the dryer . he said the problem is that the wiring in parts of the hotel is insufficient for the demand--and i was getting up before N a . m . daily . the hotel offers no robes , and they ' re remarkably tight-fisted with the toiletries--in five days , we got fresh soap , lotion , etc . only once . we also had to call for coffee two of the five days--and on days when housekeeping did refresh our coffee supply , they typically left one sugar creamer packet . given the poor fit of the door , our room was subject to both the light and noise from the hallway all night long . the worst problem , however , was the total lack of ventilation . there was no fan in the bath , and although it was possible to regulate our heat , the fan in the room was insufficient to ever clear out the humidity from showers so the room constantly felt damp . our view was fine , but it was obscured by condensation on the inside of the window because of the humidity . this hyatt offered a service called the " exceptional stay . " given the lack of attention to the details you ' d expect from an upscale hotel , i think they have a way to go to move beyond the " okay stay " mark . 
we stayed N nights . some staff are excellant and could not do enough others are only ok and don ' t care . we checked in after a late arrival and they advised they had upgraded us toa studio . we had booked a king room and when we got to the studio it was a queen and was a smoking room . when we rang down it was like sorry there are no other rooms in the hotel . not quite an upgrade . bikes for free are good and concierge efficient at directing . rooms are nice , good size in the studi . hallways and lifts and lobby dated and smell a little . the steakhouse is excellant food . they gave us complimentary breakfast for the smoking room when i complained but it was only one thing on the menu and then they charged us on our bill . we went to stay at the w for the next N days and liked it better . we got a very good rate on expedia but if it was above N a night i would not stay here
the majestic is simply that as a nice quaint cute neighborhood hotel within walking distance to everything . i have been staying here since it was the brompton and love the fresh touches every time i come back . this past stay was wonderful from my check-in with richard to my delightful conversation with mona . the staff is great . rooms are great , while they are chicago size , they are clean and comfortable . i love the beds at this hotel . love the large bathroom as well . the majestic makes you feel comfortable and at home . 
stayed here for just one night after an evening on the town . room was quite large with a king bed , small desk , nice side chair and table . visually pleasing design . large flat screen tv was new . bedding i found to be pretty average , and a little skimpy on the pillows . bathroom was again very nicely sized . tub and shower were pretty average . nice towels and complimentary toiletries . complimentary wine service in the evening was a nice touch . did not use the gym , but it was pretty small . looked like about N total machines ( treads , elliptical , bike ) . equipment looked pretty new but it ' s a tight space . great service from the valet . parking was N night w in-out privilege . front desk staff was good . first rep gave me a room on N next to the gym . i was concerned about noise , and they were able to move us to another room far from elevators , etc . no drama , very professional . i would stay here again w o hesitation however , i find i have a preference for a more classic presentation vs . the ' hipness ' of this boutique hotel . ask yourself do you prefer a white bathrobe , or leopard print bathrobe ? hotel monaco is all about the animal prints . 
very nice hotel , worth the price , room was clean , in room computer was a huge bonus . . . loved it . traveling from upstate ny and looking forward to returning to the hyatt . 
i booked three nights here via hotwire for business and yes , the rooms are a bit small , but very comfortable and up to date . i did laugh when i banged my shin on corner of bed , as that seems to be a common complaint , but i did not mind the room at all . windows open , bed comfortable , bathroom has standup shower with big tiles and terrazzo floor , and big rainhead . very nice . rooms might be too small for a couple with a lot of luggage , but if you ' re traveling light , this seems to be a great choice . the shower didn ' t have water for an hour so they offered me a N voucher in the elate restaurant downstairs , which i thought was a nice gesture . staff was very nice , especially the guys who work the door . i parked across the street in lot which is N night . starbucks a block and a half away and the kerryman bar a block away had great food . free wifi also . 
staying at the hard rock in chicago is always a great experience . the location just south of the river on michigan ave . offers excellent views no matter what side of the hotel your room is on . clean rooms , comfortable beds and service that is fast and friendly make this the place to stay in chicago ! ! 
room N over the memorial day weekend . i have stayed at the ritz carlton and the four seasons here in chicago and they don t even come close to the pen . this hotel and their staff are exceptional ! the rooms are luxurious with large bathrooms featurein spererate tubs , shower and wc . there is a tv in front of the tub , a sitting area for the ladies and a lighting systems that took almost N days to figure out ! they do not nickel dime you on the extras like free internet which was fast and ample complimentary water bedside when turndown service was performed . the spa is a bit small but quite nice along with a narrow lap pool , hot tub , and small sun deck on the Nth floor facing east with stunning views of water tower place . the bar is well stocked , but expensive . we ate only in the lobby lounge for a late lunch and everything was quite good . the public areas are terrific , on the modern side with dramatic staircases . special thanks to kenneth , our concierge who recommended a very good restaurant . we can t wait to return . 
not fancy , no frills . . . just what we needed to be frugal on a room where we spent barely a wink . ( who spends time in your room in chicago ? ) everywhere we went we walked everywhere was within N mins . desk staff was helpful when asking questions . perfect for people on a budget , or wanting to spend money elsewhere in the city ! not to mention . . . free parking ! 
for the same price as nearby hotels , i got a N-room suite . bedroom with king bed , bathroom with toilet and shower separated by a door from the sink and closet . also a big kitchen living room and desk . free wireless didn ' t work in my room but did work in the lobby . staff was very helpful and offered to have me move rooms but the wired internet worked so i stayed in my original room and it worked great . kitchen had everything you would need for an extended stay . great location by restaurants , shopping and bars . full breakfast is free in the morning , as well as full dinner every evening . i ' m going to try to stay here every possible time i visit chicago . 
my boyfriend and i stayed at the knickerbocker over new years and checked out on the Nnd of january . we used hotwire and got this hotel . from the outside the knickerbocker looked great . i was worried when i read the reviews and well . . . they were pretty right on . we checked in about noon on the Nst but the room wasn ' t ready so we went down michigan to do some shopping . location is great , i do admit . we came back around N Npm and our room was ready . we were situated on the Nth floor at the end of the hall . we settled in and right away i noticed that the walls to the room are paper thin . i couldn ' t tell if my neighbour was opening his door or our door . when people talked in the room you can hear their exact conversation . the room was quite small and dark . i think we had a queen bed . the room was really musty smelling . i ' m sensitive but my boyfriend is not and he suggested lighting my travel candle . i suggest bringing one . the furnishings and decor were really out of date . their was a canopy over the top part of the bed and a mirror above your head . it was kind of spooky looking in my opinion . one of the pillow covers are covered in an old textile and i didn ' t trust it to be clean so i only used the one white pillow to sleep on . the bathroom had no bathtub , shower only . the tiles in the bathroom kind of looked old and dirty in my opinion . the bath products were no name so luckily we had our own to use . the clock radio has a cd players so that was a bonus as is the large tv in the room . we celebrated nye downstairs in the bar . they were very kind enough to let us order pizza and eat it there . the only thing that bothered me was the cigar smoke . i know it ' s new year ' s but it ' s gross . i used to be a smoker so i can complain . my clothes stank when i went back up to our room . when i went back to the room i smelled cigarette smoke . i don ' t know if it was from the hall or our neighbours but i know smoke when i smell it . the mini-bar fridge is like a vending machine so if you are looking to store leftovers from dinner or something , you can ' t . i don ' t think that i ' ll stay here again if i had a choice . i suggest going to a website called ------- to get an idea of what hotel you might get from sites like hotwire and priceline . 
good hotel in a nice area within walking distance to good restaurants and shopping . 
stayed here two nights for a business meeting . walking distance to rush st . bars , but no in-room coffee pots , so morning can be difficult . flatscreen tv , N phones , desk , reading chair , dresser , N end tables . bose cd alarm clock . very nice closet , and a terrific , comfortable king-sized bed . dial thermostat worked fine standard smoke detector and sprinkler . beautiful well-lit closet . seperate tub and shower with good height , well-lit mirror , and plenty of hot water . no great view from the southwest side . i parked in the parking garage next door which is not affiliated with the hotel and had no issues . internet is an extra N per day which i did not pay for . check in was a N minute wait to find out they had no rooms ready ( at noon ) , i returned at N N and waited another N minutes for my key . at checkout i had to revisit the desk and waited about N minutes for by bill to checkout ( just before Nam ) . also , no newspaper at the door during my stay . 
every january , several girlfriends go to chicago for a weekend of shopping , dining , theater , and fun . we have known each other for N years , and have been coming to embassy suites , downtown chicago for the last N years . roberto , the doorman recognizes us each year , and gives us a warm welcome each time . the staff is always friendly , accomodating and efficient . richard , the concierge was very helpful this year , obtaining our boarding passes for our trip home , and last year secured us seats at the last minute for jersey boys . we love this hotel , and would recommend it to everyone we know that wants a home away from home when they travel to chicago . the location is perfect , the breakfasts are wonderful , the suites clean and spacious . great place ! ! ! mj phillips farmington hills , mi
we just stayed at the park hyatt chicago for the first time . our american express card had a special for this property so we decided to try it out . we have stayed at many hotels across the country and all types . this was the best by far than many others . they put us on the Nth floor with a gorgeous view of michigan avenue and the lake . the room was a nice size with a window seat , large desk table , a herman miller recliner chair with ottoman , a N " flat screen television and king size bed . the bed had a feather mattress on top of the mattress and the most soft pillows . i have never had a bed that felt like sleeping on clouds ( and we have stayed in many N star hotels ) . i had the best sleep and woke without headaches . the cable satellite tv service was a little weird at times , but not too bad . i can ' t forget the electric curtains and all the light and curtain switches by the bed . my husband couldn ' t get over that . very nice . it was like they thought of everything the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub plus a separate shower and a separate makeup counter with stool . we had plenty of room when we both were getting ready to go out . the small tv in the bathroom was also a thrill for my husband . he could watch the game wherever he was in the room . my husband was offered free shoe shining which he was thrilled to take advantage of . we enjoyed breakfast daily ( in nomi ) that came with our special and they were very accommodating . the pastries and breads were made in house so were very fresh , the eggs are organic and they offered fresh fruit every day . the coffee wasn ' t my favorite , a little bitter , but everybody likes different coffee . the prices for breakfast and drinks were all on the menu they gave us , so there was no surprises with the bill . room service brought our breakfast one morning and the gentleman who delivered it was very friendly and did not push a bill at us waiting for an extra tip as we have had at many hotels . we ate at nomi one evening . it is in the higher price range of meals but is worth it once in awhile . they must have fixed the door situation listed on another review as we did not see anyone from the fitness center or able to view it from the restaurant . most all the staff were wonderful ( you always get one pea in the pod that is not as good , which we had as our server at breakfast on the second morning , but that happens ) . they called us by name from the very beginning and were always willing to please . they would open doors , greet us when we left and welcomed us back when we returned . they accommodated us with an umbrella on a rainy day and held our bags while we waited for our ride and we sat in the library with fresh tea lemonade ( or coffee if in the morning ) . the hotel is in a great location . perfect for shopping and was easy for our family to pick us up there . there has been so many businesses anymore that have forgotten what service to the customer is . this hotel has brought it back to the forefront . we will definitely returned to this hotel again . when you have had the best sleep ever when traveling , exceptional staff and a nice room , and in a great location , why would we stay anywhere else ? 
i have stayed at the dana in chicago twice over the past two years . my first visit was for three nights , second stay for five . depending on your specific needs , budget , and taste , the dana can range from very good to fantastic . the location is a few blocks off the main drag but it ' s a very easy , safe , and quick walk to reach north michigan avenue or river north . cabs are easily accessible at the front door and the " el " train and bus stops are within a N minute-or-so walk . the dana was a newly built property buily a few years ago . it is modern , with a lot of exposed concrete and glass but still maintains a warm , chicago-style loft feel with wood floors and touches of earthy colors throughout the hotel . there is an excellent spa , good restaurant ( although too many better options out the front door ) , and a slightly-above-average continental breakfast included with all rooms . it would be great for younger or young-at-heart singles and couples . not recommended for families or children due to privacy issues in all rooms and nightlife vibe when the sun goes down . the rooms very good , modern , chicago-style design with partial wood floors , excellent desk work space , sliding loft-style bathroom door , excellent spa-style bathroom with spacious rainfall shower , ( one wall of the shower is glass exposed to the main bedroom area , which is really fun for some guests but maybe not-so-much if you are traveling with friends or family . ) the rooms have excellent in-room amenities for this level price of hotel . high quality music tv systems , very good bed linens , robes slippers , toiletries , wine bar , and shockingly reasonably priced mini-bar snacks . there is at least one floor-to-ceiling window offering standard to impressive city views . excellent natural light in all rooms , although when needed there are blackout shades , if you want to sleep in or have privacy from the nearby buildings . i preferred the upgraded corner room during my second stay since it offered a little more space , two walls of floor-to-ceiling windows , better views , and a small private balcony . be aware , no rooms other than the penthouse suites have bathtubs , the large spa rain-showers were the trade-off , i guess . there is also a fitness center and small computer area , although there is no pool and had to pay for wifi . parking here as with all hotels in chicago equals highway robbery . one area of the hotel that really disappointed this reviewer , was the super cheesy vegas wanna-be roof top bar . i thought the staff , design , music , and skanky little cocktail waitress outfits were far too cheap and vulgar for this hotel . you can have a hip and swanky nightclub and still be sophisticated classy . ( rooftop at the wit hotel got this concept right and is worth the trip over this place . ) other than the free breakfast and spa worth consideration , skip the hotel outlets . in general i have found the service sufficient- never awful or rude but never particularly memorable . overall , i find the dana a very comfortable and stylish hotel with some great amenities and unique touches . if you can find a competetive rate , it ' s a good value and a more interesting experience compared with many of the standard corporate hotels in chicago . other comporable stylish hotels in the area to consider and compare rates include the wit , the sofitel , the james , and the polomar . 
basic business hotel in a prime location at one end of michigan avenue . we had group rates which were fair for a major city but you got what you paid for . room was rather small but clean and bright . the hotel gym , sponsored by reebok , and highly promoted left much to be desired for . it ' s a basic hotel gym . the business center was minimal and you ' re charged for computer usage . this is a pet peeve of mine . business hotels just nickle and dime visitors assuming all expenses will be reimbursed . a few weeks after checkout i recieved a N charge on my credit card . after calling to question the charge the accounting departments " guessed " it was because i had packages deliver to the hotel . i have never been charged in any other hotel for sending packages for events in advance . they quickly removed the charge . one of our group members were delayed due to weather and flight delays . i did request late check in for my group but when my college arrived for his room he was sent to a local sheraton because the westin overbooked . i was in the lobby and noticed many other guests with the same issue . weather happens . . . chicago hotels should be ready for o ' hare delays and late arrivals . besides the overbooking mishaps the front desk staff and staff who organized our group was very professional . some colleges enjoyed the bar steakhouse in the lobby for dinner . i went to the breakfast stand that " proudly serves starbucks " but isn ' t really a starbucks . the coffee was terrible and the banana sour . i wouldn ' t attempt the breakfast danishes . i ' d recommend the westin michigan avenue as long as all you need is a bed and clean room . but there are plenty of other hotels to choose from in chicago . . . namely the w lakeshore for a great property or hotel N for a real deal in the heart of the city . 
typical hampton inn , close to all things in river north area . only N block from navy pier trolley stop . short cab ride to water tower place . hotel is clean . front desk staff is very friendly and helpful . housekeeper put our dolls on the bed so cute . i liked the outdoor patio next to the indoor pool . breakfast area could be bigger . we had a difficult time getting a table in the morning . surprised by the N day parking . please note that the hotel is next to a fire station so you will hear sirens . 
my husband stayed here for two weeks while in the windy city on business and i joined him for a long weekend . you have to ' adjust ' your expectations when staying at the hard rock . it is dimly lit and decked out with rock legends pics , paraphernalia , etc . it is a pretty convenient location being close to a train stop , and walking distance to several parks and other tourists spots . the bar area and restaurant can get pretty lively at night but hey that ' s to be expected . and we didn ' t hear any of it except on our way in and out . there are two different entrances so you don ' t actually have to walk through the more social area on your way to your room . we had a pretty awesome corner room although it didn ' t leave much privacy . they also gave my dh a fridge and microwave since he was there for awhile . one thing that was really weird is that there was a window in the middle of the shower and only a thin shade for privacy . i was a little worried people below could see my silhouette in window so i took pretty quick showers . oh i did i mention there was a pic of billy idol above the toilet ? fun times indeed but the front desk was great and helpful and housekeeping did a good job as well . i would recommend this hotel based on personality but it was certainly an experience . 
excellent hotel ! the customer service was out of this world and the location perfect ! the bar in the lobby was fun with other guests and entertaining bartenders . i definitely would stay at this hotel again . 
overnight stay only . no premium movie channels . breakfast was good and affordable - small sitting area . convenient to convention center ( N mile away ) . overall , for the money , good hotel . 
traveling for a long weekend to chicago to visit relatives and enjoy the city , we obtained our reservation at the palmer house for a great rate . the hotel is beautiful and centrally located however , better access to nightlife can be had by staying north of the river . our room was small but clean . the service was friendly . we did not have a need to use any of the services that others have complained about as being too expensive--so that was a non-issue for us . 
we stayed here for two nights , and i was glad to depart at the end . first of all beds were lumpy . seriously . very uncomfortable mattress and hard pillows . two our bathroom ( huge while oddly shaped ) came with a mini-shower and bathtub . hardly first class . and they only gave us only two bath towels ( isn ' t four the norm ? ) . the toiletries were generic and not nice . bathroom light was harsh fluorescent , and the heat lamp above kept going on and off . the shops are a bit of a hike ( nearest starbucks is a couple of blocks away ) . it ' s sandwiched between the business district and the shopping district in this odd little run down area , so the surrounding ambiance isn ' t nice . get ready to shell out N a night per computer to user the internet . they were not accommodating with a late check out request we had to call twice and practically beg for them to give us a one hour extension . if you ' re looking for an upscale , modern hotel , i ' d recommend checking out the james or the felix , both nearby . 
we stayed here from friday to monday for a weekend getaway . our flight arrived early morning and they had a room ready for us to check into . the room was very clean and the maid service was exceptional . the hotel is located in area where you can easily walk to everything or access mass transit . the staff was helpful when we asked for suggestions and directions . i will definitely stay here again when we are in town . 
redecorated rooms with cheap furniture ( a N-legged coffee table that fell over when you brushed up against it ) , no water pressure in the shower , polyester pillows that were so old flat they were unusable ( we ' re allergic to feather ) , overcharges on the bill ( N for breakfast at the hotel restaurant , which we never visited ) . . . the crowning blow was a buffet breakfast for N set up in the room next door on two consecutive mornings ( at N Nam ! ) , which made sleeping in impossible . when we complained we were told " that they weren ' t doing it tomorrow " . 
this is a great hotel , very hip fashionable . the service was outstanding . the concierge was excellent . the service is aN , everytime you walk in this hotel they open the doors for you . rooms are very cool , N " plasma tv , big king beds , cd dvd player to watch movies . radio by bed has a cd player in it . the hotel has a computer room with pc ' s printer and fax . there is a pool and work out room . trendy bar . security is excellent , you need a card to work the elevator and at night security guards the elevators , only allowing guests through . the hotel overlooks the lake and navy pier and is only a few blocks from michigan avenue so you are very central . also it is a very gay , lesbian , bi , transgendered friendly hotel . i went with my transgendered girlfriend and no one batted an eyelid . 
really nice hotel with the perfect location ! ! ! the tv in my double room broke down so they moved me to a suite at the Nth floor . the suite was amazing with a spectacular view of the busy city-life outside . the staff was really helpful and friendly , however it took a while for us to get our luggage from the bell-boy when we were leaving . i really liked this hotel and i would love to return here ! 
what a great location this hotel has . . . . easy walk to tons of restaurants , michigan ave . , state street , the river , etc . one block from the red line at grand for further trips to chinatown , wrigley field , or the willis tower . i knew from ta that there would be some issues with noise as there is a fire station across the street . the hotel does provide earplugs in the lobby . it wasn ' t the fire station though that was the problem . we had a suite on the back alley side of the hotel , and there was a great deal of noise very early almost every morning from a trash truck or some other service vehicle ! since we had a suite with N doubles , a sofa bed , and a kitchenette , there was plenty of room for my family with N teenagers to spread out . the kitchenette even had granite and stainless steel appliances ! there was a nice island type seating area in it for quick snacks too ! the hotel is one of the few with this great location that provides free wi-fi , complementary hot breakfast , and a usa today or wall street journal daily . we appreciated all these extras especially since the parking was N a night . we definitely would stay here again , but would ask for a street side higher up room if it was available as a suite . 
this is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities . everyone was helpful . the breakfast buffet was wonderful . the bed was " just like home " . we would definitely stay again . a nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home . it was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best . 
i recently stayed at the swissotel in chicago for three nights with my fiance , who was attending a work conference held at the hotel . the hotel is located pretty far out east on wacker drive , just south of the river . ( it ' s located past the hyatt hotel , also on east wacker . ) the location turned out to be a detriment when the under-staffed cab line didn ' t move at all on a busy friday night as we were trying to make a show that evening . it was so inconvenient trying to hail a cab at the hotel that we decided to change our plans the following evening and have dinner at the palm restaurant in the lobby level of the hotel . room service was efficient and edible -- not the best , not the worst . there is a fully equipped minibar as well as a keurig coffee machine ( the kind that uses individual pods to brew coffee ! ) in the hotel room . we had a fantastic view of lake michigan facing south , which was great from the Nnd floor . unfortunately , when we called ahead to the hotel before the trip , i was informed that the gym requires an additional fee of N day . because we were staying at the swissotel with a group booking for my fiance ' s work , both wifi and the fitness center ended up being complimentary . wifi has a charge of N day , otherwise . next year -- for this and other annual meetings that require us to travel to chicago -- we will be staying closer to mag mile on michigan avenue ( likely the conrad or the park hyatt ) . location-wise , the swissotel is a bit out of the way for visitors who enjoy walking around and are attracted to the main tourist attractions downtown . our stay was certainly comfortable , but there are hotels in chicago that are more geared toward leisure family travelers . 
i was a bit skeptical in the raving reviews i saw at first , but i decided to give the elysian a try . after a night , i have to admit , the reviews are absolutely accurate . they are rated no . N for a very good reason . i ' m no stranger to luxury hotels , but elysian is just outstanding in its uniqueness and elegance . the decor in the lobby and the guest rooms definitely have the touch of old time coco chanel but modern at the same time with its cleaniness and simplicity . in the guestroom , there is nothing more you can ask for , comfortable bed , quality toiletry , and even a lint brush . one note , the marble bath tub is among the largest and deepest i have seen in non-suite guest rooms of all high-end hotels . staff members ' friendiness and attention to details are noted everywhere . once i told them that i had a really early flight next morning , they immediately suggested morning calls and hot coffee service . at N in the morning , the coffee they delivered was on-time and delicious . one thing i really appreciated , they anticipated that i was getting ready in the morning , so coffee was delivered by a female staff to avoid possible awkwardness , really impressive ! the only regret i have is not able to stay there for a longer time to enjoy other things it can offer . 
i would like to offer my warm appreciation for the exceptional level of service that i experienced while staying with you last week . i was in town on business and made my first visit to your hotel , but i hope that it is not my last . i was impressed with the high level of taste and sophistication first and later by the consistently gracious hospitality shown to me and my colleague over the course of our N-night stay . every staff member i interacted with , from the bellmen to the housekeepers to the front desk and restaurant staff were truly professional , absolutely top notch . whatever you are doing , keep it up ! 
the hotel is beautiful with wonderful service . i stayed there on a business trip and it was my first time in chicago . everything went so well , the staff was so helpful . it was so easy to get around and i was close to many tourist attractions ! truly a great place to stay , quite a value ! i hope i get to travel there again ! 
location is great , friendly staff and rooms are large , but my first room had a strong smell of cleaning supplies . i switched rooms and when i plugged my computer in under the desk i saw how filthy it was ( see photo ) . unacceptable for a hotel of this category . i found another hotel in the area and checked out the following day . 
we stayed at the fairmont chicago last nite , a place we have stayed at multiple times before . our room had been re-done and not for the better . the fairmont use to reflect the turn of the century french style of the original fairmont in san franciso and had a lovely soigne feel about it . the new room style is like motel N . the carpet is a tissue thin industrial type , the lovely furniture is now laminate over particle board . the desk was relocated away from the window and faces a wall . there are no pictures on the walls other than the vinyl thing over the bed , and no chairs other than the desk chair . when we called to front desk to ask about the missing chairs , they acknowledged that yes , that was a problem . the light fixtures are from home depot , etc , etc , it just wasn ' t a pleasant room to be in . it is still a good sized room and they left the limestone in the shower , but not a quality experience . the restaurant aria is good . very imaginative dishes and a extremely friendly staff . indeed all of the staff is cheerful and makes every effort to make you feel like a guest . although the hotel was built to a excellent standard , the problem appears to be the new ownership skimping on expenses . i think we will look for alternatives in the east side neighborhood . 
the staff at hotel allegro were amazing . the day before our trip i received an email asking if there was anything the hotel could do to make our trip great . i responded by telling them that i planned a surprise trip for my fianc ' s birthday and asked for early check-in . not only did we have an early check in but they upgraded us to a king suite room and surprised us with s birthday card , chocolates and champagne in celebration of my fianc . on top of the superior customer service , the entire staff was wonderful , the hotel was hip and upscale and the location was walking distance to chicago hot spots . next time we are in chicago we will absolutely return to hotel allegro . 
we have stayed at hotels in many parts of the world and our very favorite is the hotel intercontinental on michigan avenue in chicago . the hotel staff is top-notch . they are very well informed , courteous , extremely polite and friendly . the concierge group is outstanding and have never steered us in a wrong direction . our room is always clean and we never have to ask for anything . every time we go back to chicago the intercontinental employees make us feel it ' s our home away from home . we would reccomend this hotel to anyone ( and often do ) . 
this hotel is in a prime location . you are a few blocks from the magnificent mile and the theater district . the river and the lake are literally " right there " . you have a great view of navy pier . the rooms are beautiful . the beds and pillows are dreamy . our bathroom was nice , but not immaculate . this hotel offers everything you may want , but be prepared to pay for it . they have a ridiculous minibar sytem that automatically charges you if you even touch something in the fridge . internet is N . N per day . you have to pay to use the pool ( maybe it ' s worth it we didn ' t use it ) . parking is N per day . despite the constant attempts to get into your wallet , the location and the quality of the rooms make this a fabulous hotel and we plan to go back again . we ' ll just remember to keep the minibar fridge closed . 
my wife and i visited chicago for her Nth birthday . this was the first time we have visited chicago . we stayed at the fairfield on east ontario . we originally picked this hotel due to its location to michigan avenue and for its value as compared to most of the hotels in the area . we truly enjoyed our stay . the entire staff that we interacted with seemed to truly want our stay to be a special one . they suggested restaurants that we should eat at and each suggestion was a home run especially giordano s famous stuffed pizza . one of the hotel clerks asked us when we returned to the hotel late in the afternoon on the next day if we had gone to visit wrigley field . my wife explained that we weren t going to wrigley on her birthday trip but it was something we would consider in the future . we left for an early dinner a little bit later and a night on the town . after we got back to the hotel room , we found a birthday balloon , a personalized cake wishing her happy birthday , and a mini refrigerator waiting for us . we couldn t believe that the hotel clerks ( kenny and carlos ) would go out of their way to do something like this for their guests . she also received a birthday card signed by all of the staff working that afternoon evening . the hotel is only a block and a half east of michigan avenue which basically is only a two minute walk . just down the street is garrett s popcorn which we visited twice . be ready for a line but you must visit garrett s popcorn and make sure to take some home with you when you leave . our room was basic but very clean and it had a good size hdtv . we didn t spend a ton of time in the room but it was just what we needed . maria v . made sure the room was in excellent shape after we returned from visiting the sites each day . the hotel has a very good continental breakfast with quite a few choices to start your day off on a good note . we sometimes heard sirens at night due to the hotels location near a hospital but that won t deter us from staying there again . we truly want to thank kenny , carlos , charles , gudelia , raul , and maria v . for going out of their way to make my wife s Nth birthday a getaway that we will never forget . we want to visit chicago again in the near future and we will definitely stay at this hotel . you can t beat the service , location , and affordability ! ! 
you can ' t beat this location - next to the tribune building the chicago river . the bell hop was joyful and friendly and the front desk was able to check me in at Nam , which i appreciated . the rooms were very clean and the beds really comfortable . restaurants , shopping , and architectural tour boats abound within one to eight blocks . the nonexistent lobby is the only criticism i have of the hotel . there are only N chairs in the lobby so it ' s difficult to use it as a gathering place or to meet someone there , and only one of three airline kiosks was working to print boarding passes . you can check-in for your flight in your room on the computer , but then have to print the pass in the lobby . starbuck ' s off the lobby was convenient , as was argo tea and corner bakery just outside the hotel . we did not eat in the steakhouse but i hear it gets good reviews . the cta train station to the airport is about N blocks , from which you could walk or take a cab . i definitely recommend this hotel . 
we stayed at the westin for my sister ' s bachelorette party . we got a great deal off of priceline for N night per room which was awesome compared to everything else in the area . despite the good deal , there were a few issues we had with the hotel . for starters , when we checked in they asked for an id and a credit card . they did not say anything about charging the card but before we knew it , she was handing the card back to us saying it went thru for the first room but was denied on the second . . we had prepaid online and she did not say anything about charging the card so my sister then got a little rude and asked why the card was even charged . they said it was a N charge per room for incidentals . now we don ' t stay in hotels that often and this may be a common practice but she should have at least told us she was charging the card ! upon arriving to our room we realized that we were given king beds when we requested double beds . they did say they would try to accomidate requests but i find it hard to believe every double bed room was taken N weeks prior to our arrival when we made that request . when we got back to the hotel later that night ( very late - abt N N in the morn ) we asked the front desk for an extra blanket for the one person who was going to have to sleep on the chaise . an hour and a half later the blanket arrived . . . there was no way the front desk was that busy that late at night for it to take an hour and a half . our last complaint was getting woken up to room service " knocking " with their key twice then before we could even answer the door , coming in our room while we were getting ready and my sister was in the shower ! ! overall i gave this hotel N stars . it was nicely decorated and clean but there are some major issues for a hotel of this class . i wouldn ' t want to be one of those that paid full price for this hotel and had these kind of problems . we found that parking a block and a half away at a self park garage saved us a lot of money . ( between clark lasalle on kinzie ) it was N for valet at the hotel and the parking garage only cost us N . ( night weekend special ) 
my mom and i stayed at the hampton inn suites chicago downtown last week on a mother daughter trip to the city . i am an employee at a hampton in arizona so i am more picky than most travelers as i know what to look out for . from the moment we walked in , everything was fantastic ! from the gentelman offering us fresh popped popcorn to james , the front desk associate , everyone was so friendly and helpful . you can tell that this staff is very well trained and enjoys what they are doing . it is very refreshing to see this as there are so many places you go where the employees could care less about their job or what their customers think . thank you to all of the wonderful people at the hampton inn suites downtown and keep up the great work and positive attitudes ! ) leah-scottsdale , az
do you like staying where the locals live instead of a downtown chain ? free use of the ballys health club next door ( including indoor pool ) . great restaurants and shops steps from hotel . take public transit ( N , N , brown line ) to both airports , downtown , etc . nice breakfast . clean rooms . polish speaking staff ( yes , everyone speaks polish who works there ) . still , hot water is nice in the shower and while i like saving energy , i also like a little hot water . recommended . 
i have stayed at the palmer house with my husband and adult children four times now . we are usually pleased with the place , but we keep coming back mostly because of my husband ' s hilton honors membership . i agree with the other reviewers who complain about the charge for internet service , and the lackluster breakfast in the executive lounge . the main problem we had on our most recent visit was that the breakfast room was so crowded it was difficult to find a table . we took our food back to our room , but not before having to wait in line to get it . in spite of the breakfast problem , though , the rooms we have stayed in were beautifully decorated and comfortable . the hotel is in a perfect location . the housekeepers do an outstanding job and they are very friendly ! as is the rest of the staff , who should be commended for making us feel welcome . 
we just returned from a N day stay at the days inn . it was great ! the room was simple and small , but clean , inviting and was perfect for what we needed . plus - it was about N blocks from the l and everything was right there ! great location ! ! ! ! ! highly reccomend and will retun for sure ! staff was friendly and helpful . . pictures online that they post are accurate . good job days inn ! ! 
everyone at the westin river north was willing to go the extra mile to make our stay great . from the friendly greeting by the parking valet to the desk clerk who had no problem letting us use our room an hour after check out time everyone seemed to want to keep our business . the room itself was average size with a comfortable bed and an updated bath . everything was very clean . an unexpected bonus was free access to a well equipped fitness center and the services of a personal trainer . sam , the trainer , had a degree in exercise physiology and limitless enthusiasm for helping me reach my fitness goals . he walked me through an hour ' s worth of strength training and stretching exercises and then drew up a personalized exercise plan and emailed it to me the next day . the location was very convenient . close to the shopping on michigan avenue and about a mile from the art institute . my only complaint was the " mini bar obsession " . we weren ' t in our room N minutes when they knocked on our door to restock it . the next morning they knocked on my door while i was in the shower and , when i didn ' t respond , they started to enter just when i was stepping out of the tub . i told them to leave . they kept coming back the rest of the morning and , when i finally let the restocker in , he admonished me to put the " do not disturb " sign out . really ? can ' t they wait until i check out ? 
we stay in chicago every year at the hilton for the st paddys day parade . this year we went on a limb to stay at the blake because it was half the price . we were thrilled with this boutique hotel . the location was great ( N . N blks from the cta blue line , which if you are coming from o ' hare is ideal ) . N blks from michigan ave and had several stores , restaurants , and coffeeshops in the area for quick pick-ups . the staff were very friendly and the room was spacious , nicely decorated , and clean . you could tell the hotel tried to provide special extras to make your stay more memorable . they also provided a basic continental breakfast , which was great . we did not go into the bar or restaurant but they looked lovely . this hotel also had free access to the work out area and free wifi , all of which the hilton do not provide . this is now our new favorite hotel , for our get-aways from the kids ! ! ! 
my son and i spent a saturday night at this hotel . we were in chicago checking out saic and this proved to be an ideal locaton to walk to the art institute of chicago as well as millenium park . extremely easy to take the train from ohare to a stop no more than three or four blocks from the hotel . hotel was clean , attractive , and the staff where competent . the staff at the front entrance gave us lots of good advice on food and getting around . great experience overall . i plan to go back sometime to visit chicago with the rest of my family and will stay at this hotel . 
i was leery about staying here after all the horrible reviews . ok , people , i got a rate of N . N night through priceline . i was not expecting the four seasons . arrived this past friday ( N N ) and were directed next door to the tremont suites . Nth floor suite with downstairs kitchen , restroom , living area with tv . upstairs had a comfy queen bed , many closets , tv and another full bathroom . was there a view ? no . did i care ? no . i was less than a block from michigan avenue . i wasn ' t planning on hanging out in the room . it was clean , air conditioned and comfy . were there signs of age ? yes . was some plaster peeling ? yes . folks , this is an old hotel with a fantastic location . if i ' d had to pay N . N a night would i stay here again ? i don ' t know . for N . N or so a night - absloutely ! 
the omni chicago really delivers on all fronts , from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on michigan avenue . while this address in chicago requires a high level of quality , the omni delivers . check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under N minutes , the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events , and the rooms are some of the largest you ' ll find at this price range in chicago . even the " standard " room has a separate living area and work desk . the fitness center has free weights , weight machines , and two rows of cardio equipment . i shared the room with N others and did not feel cramped in any way ! all in all , a great property ! 
this hotel is located conveniently between the loop and the magniicent mile making it easy to walk to shopping , restaurants , and many attractions . you get a fully equipped kitchen , a livingroom , and bedroom for very reasonable rates for downtown chicago . the free breakfast is average . the service was great and the staff was helpful . would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a convenient base to explore downtown chicago . 
we have stayed at this hotel in the past and i love it . we paid a little extra for two double beds with two bathrooms . room and bathrooms were spotless and beds were comfortable although small . we were in town with our high schooler to visit roosevelt university and columbia college . this hotel is the perfect location as it is about two-three blocks away from both campuses . we had drinks in kitty o ' sheas which is located inside the hotel , great service and paid what you would expect in chicago . my only issue is we paid N for overnight parking ( pretty standard ) but they charged me an additional N for one hour over the allowed N hrs . i tried to get them to waive the N but no luck . otherwise , i think this is a beautiful property and i love it ' s history . 
my N friends and i stayed at the embassy suites feb Nth-Nth . i booked this room for the size and so glad that i did . with N women staying in one room it was nice to have two regular sinks , one in bathroom and one outside and one sink near the microwave and frig . i liked that you could close the bedroom door if someone wanted to sleep and still be able to stay up and watch tv in the other room . large living room with pullout couch , chair and desk . very nice huge included breakfast buffet every morning . you are close to the navy pier , millineum park . you are about N-N blocks away from the subway , grand red . it wasn ' t too bad walking . very nice subway system . gets you anywhere you need to go . we defintley stay here again if i came back to chicago . 
w hotel lakeshore was one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . i am in sales and our business thrives on customer service . i have an elevated expectation because my business goes out of the way to extend a hand and put a smile on someone ' s face . w hotel took it to another level . i will never stay anywhere else in chicago again . thanks again w hotels , matt franze
stayed one night and while location is excellent , there are a few issues concerning the hotel to be aware of N . rooms are very small . no room to put more than one suitcase in the room . we were stepping over ours . N . while mattress comfortable , why use the cheap sheet around a thin blanket that motel N ' s use . for upscale , use proper duvet or better linens . N . check in was a slow and disorganized . i booked a king bed but when we went to the room , it was a queen . when i went back to the front desk , they said they made a mistake but i doubt it . there were many people waiting for a room so i think they had some unspoken problems that day . N . at N night , i thought it was expensive but maybe there are better rates . staff at the hotel was very nice including bellhop and room attendants . 
the sofitel had its perks . . . great location , courteous staff , and comfortable bed . . . but i ' m not sure it was worth the money we spent . cons -the room was extremely small -parking was kind of a pain since the garage was under construction . -we ordered strawberry cheesecake one night . . . it was okay . . . kind of dry , accompanied by a couple berries . . . not worth it pros -the staff was extremely attentive . my husband and i brought back an authentic deep dish pizza ( giardinno ' s ? it was delicious , but filling ) , but forgot to ask for takeaway cutlery plates . . . we called room service and they were up within just a few minutes -location-right off of michigan avenue , you are in walking distance of everything -went to mike ditka ' s restaurant for burgers , which were outstanding . . . i would highly recommend them . . overall , we had a good time . if we could get a good price , we might stay there again , but probably won ' t . . . 
this hotel was lovely ! we stayed for three nights on the Nrd floor in may . the weather was about N degrees so it was lovely to take a break from sightseeing to relax in the quiet pool in the afternoon whilst it was too hot outside ! the view from our window was wonderful - got the chicago skyline looking north with the john hancock centre . if you are on the other side you can see sears tower ! the hotel bar has great skyline views too so you don ' t miss out if your room doesn ' t have them . good access to the loop and easy to get around from here as its only a N minute walk or so to lake michigan and navy pier . 
we booked our stay at the omni in chicago as a result of a tip on a review of another chicago on tripadvisor . the person writing the review was very accurate . this is a chain hotel but feels much less like one than many others we have stayed in . there are no long corridors to trail down from the lifts . the bellman arrives with the luggage in a few minutes rather than an hour . we also did not feel that the staff did not stand with their hands out waiting for the tip as in some us hotels and that tips were genuinely appreciated . all rooms are suites in this hotel and we got a N discount on the room rate which made it great value . the hotel is situated on chicago ' s magnificent mile and is handy for the major shops and most of the museums are within N minutes walk . given the number of parks and the clean air due to the proximity to lake michigan we found chicago a great walking city despite its size . we only made limited use of the concierge services of the hotel but they were very helpful and accurate in the information that they gave . top tip is to sign up for the omni hotels ' select guest programme before you go as this entitles you to free wifi for your whole stay and complementary tea , coffee etc . every morning . we would definitely stay there again . 
location is fabulous . i would suggest not accepting a room with even numbers . i had reserved N rooms , all had even numbers , and all had noise from construction in a building next door . the view from one window per room was a view into the building . my premier king had a terrible odor , a broken bathroom door , and unsightly cracked bathroom tile . by my request , i was moved to another floor to a room with an uneven number and all was great . room N was clean , large , and had great views . street noise was minimal . promotional price was outstanding . we had vouchers for food beverages and used them in the Nth floor lounge . the lounge was perfect for the holidays , with a modern feeling to it and an extremely nice bartender . the hotel rooms were looking a bit ' tired ' and some renovation will be needed . all in all , we had a wonderful experience . jewel and christy at the front desk in the day . . . . . thank you . front desk gal in the p . m . . . . . never smiled nor offered an apology for the inconvenience of my room change . 
as our taxi drove into the alcove that is the driveway and entrance to the hotel , we realized that this wasn ' t just any hotel . my wife and i were amazed at the quality of service and friendliness that greeted us . this same ambiance continued with the staff at the reception desk and the concierge . we stayed N nights at the hotel and were treated as though we were the only guests . the smiles seemed genuine and the concern for our welfare came across heartfelt . i read the reviews of this hotel before we took our trip and i thought that these reveiws must be overstating the experience of the writers . i can tell you that they are not . below is my review of various aspects of the hotel location excellent for shopping . the hotel is just two blocks west of michigan ave . the only drawback is if you take the rail in from o ' hare , the closest drop off from the blue line ( the rail that you take from o ' hare ) is about N N N miles away . however , if you are familiar with the rail system , you can take the blue line to jackson and then switch to the red line heading north , and get off at the chicago stop . the chicago transit authority system is very easy to learn . the hotel is approximately N -- N minutes , via walking , from lake michigan , depending upon the lights . it is approx . N -- N minutes to lake shore dr . once to lake shore dr . , turn right and walk about N minutes to the tunnel at chicago that takes you under lake shore dr . to the lake . every day there was a cool breeze that helped to make the jogging walking very pleasant in july . rooms truly amazing . we were upgraded ( without us requesting an upgrade ) to a gold coast suite . the suite was very pleasant . it had a fireplace ( that was turned off -- i guess for the summer ) , a balconcy that was very comfortable , two flat screen hd tvs , not including the one in one of the mirrors in the bathroom . the bathroom was N ' x N ' from wall to wall and included a wonderful shower with a tall shower spout for us taller guys . the thermostat was accurate ( this is important to me becuase i am normally hot and can never get the temperature cold enough for me to sleep well ) . the a c controls had no problem holding the temperature at N for our entire stay . spa fitness center my wife enjoyed the spa . i really can ' t say much about that . the fitness center had plenty equipment and room to workout . the hot wet sauna was very good . the hot dry sauna could have been hotter . i say that , but becuase of the temperatures above N that we have been experiencing in texas , the hot sauna felt more like my home town of dallas and not a hot wet sauna . the swimming pool is indeed one lane . but , don ' t worry , if you swim after the rush hour time when the members use the facilities , you will be just fine . i went to the fitness center around N a . m . or around N N p . m . and there were normally N or N other men using the machines and i was the only person swimming . the lap pool is approx . N ' so it is a little shortter than the standard N meter pool . they keep the temperature of the pool at N so the water was great ! there are plenty of towels around the facility and at the pool . food we didn ' t eat at the hotel maybe next time . suggestions two extremely minor suggestions breath wash in the bathrooms and purchase soap dishes with an elevated base upon which to place the bar of soap . the elevated base should have tiny holes to allow the water to drain from the soap . this will keep the soap from becoming messy underneath . summary this hotel received a N start rating . i like to stay at a hotel where i feel comforatble spending the entire day at the hotel . if the lord allows us to come back to chicago , we will definitely stay at the elysian . it is a destination point located in a destindation city . 
i booked thru hotwire . com and was a bit leary at not knowing where i was going to stay . i went to chicago for the bears fan convention march N to april N , N . after i booked on hotwire , club quarters came up . i had never heard of the hotel and was dismayed to see they want a credit card deposit for incidentals . i do not have a credit card . once you book on hotwire , you can not change your booking . i called the hotel and was told , no problem , just leave N cash . ( on arrival , the front desk lady told me it was N a day . i told her that ' s not what the guy on the phone said . i had no problem paying , as i had the cash on me . i was about to give her the N when i asked about a bank of america atm . she gave me the location and then said it was for telephone use and movie purchases . i laughed and said i was in town for the bears fest and i have a mobile . she said to give her N . ) i arrived quite early for check in , Nam to be precise and check in is at Npm . the staff was able to find me a room and check me in any way . i was told it was a smoking room , but could not smell any smoke . i even sniffed the curtains and no smoke smell . the room is very spacious . i estimate it to be N ft by N ft . the bed was quite comfortable and the temperature of the room excellent . the shower is also quite large and i had hot water on demand . the bathroom and room itself were really clean . there is free internet access in the business center . the business center on floor N next to the ice machine and vending area is small . there is one computer and one printer . i only needed to use it twice and did not have to queue up . the only downside to my stay the rooms are not sound proof and i could hear what seemed like every door opening and closing nearby . but i did not hear any of the traffic on adams st . the staff were freindly and courteous . my deposit was refunded to me in full when i checked out ( i didn ' t use the phone or the tv - i was busy with dabears ! ! ! ! ) the hotel is centrally located , plenty of bus and el routes nearby . it is within walking distance to all major sites in the loop area . there is a starbucks next to the hotel and a N-N across the street that is open N hours a day . there is a bank of america with an atm a block away . 
good location in the loop area , just a few minutes walk from the millennium park , and generally easy to navigate the city from this location lots to see and do within walking distance and very close to the " l " train the hotel is a huge , traditional style place . the marble and mirrors create a great atmosphere . the room was spacious but the natural light was poor . which i think would apply to a lot of rooms . there were just a few small things with the room that could have been improved neither of the plugs in the bathroom worked properly , the decor in the bathrooms was a little shabby , the tv remote worked but in a somewhat random fashion . i would definitely recommend this hotel , but don ' t expect perfection
you have a lot of options for hotels on or near chicago ' s " magnificent mile " , but if you get a good rate on this hotel do not hesitate to book it . i stayed here for a conference in march for N days . i had a deluxe room on the Nst floor with a great view . the room was bright and spacious with a nice bar area that was separate from the main living room area . the marble bathroom was spacious as well , and the shower was separate from the tub which i liked a lot . the service really stood out ! very friendly staff always greeted me with a smile and were extremely helpful . it was a wonderful experience after a long day to go back to this hotel . everything just " clicked " . there is a N-minute walk from the fairmont to the start of the main part of the " magnificent mile " which i didn ' t mind at all as i ' m a walker , but for those who want to be in the middle of the action may want to consider a hotel right on n . michigan ave . however , i had friends who stayed at hotels on the mile and had to sleep with earplugs despite being high up because the traffic , and particularly the sirens from emergency vehicles which are constant , were definitely a drawback . no such problems at the fairmont which was very quiet . this was my Nnd stay at this hotel and i ' ll keep going back . i won ' t consider another hotel in chicago ! 
we booked interconti through hotwire , although the site doesn ' t reveal the name of the hotel until the payment confirmation , so you are buying a bit of " cat in a sack " . such approach , however , gives you a rock bottom price for otherwise pricey hotel . we paid N a night whilst the rack rate is N a night . when we arrived at interconti on the new year ' s day , the hotel was very quiet and reception staff was very attentive . we got great room with a great view , although booking through hotwire does not allow you to collect points on your loyalty cards , we managed to get late check out which was very handy . unlike other interconti hotels , chicago property is not rated N stars and N stars farily reflect shortcomings . the hotel has a main part ( rather typical chain hotel ) and historic part ( which has wonderful decor ) . not sure how the rooms in two differents building compare but the halls in the histroic part are pretty spectacular . location of the hotel could not be better . walking distance to many attractions , although not in january when we visited . if we come to chicago again and hotwire gets us another great rate , we will definitely stay at interconti again . 
my partner and i stayed at the dana last christmas while visiting my family in chicago . from the minute i stepped inside the room , i knew the dana was the perfect place for us . picture this . corner room . high floor . floor to ceiling windows . rain shower . the dana had it all . i was shocked by how modern and luxurious the room was and especially at the price point i got it at ( directly on the dana ' s website ! ) overall , it was close to the redline , the breakfast in the restaurant was great , and the service was fantastic . we ate dinner at feast , on the gold coast , which was not too far of a walk from the hotel . we visited a lot of good shopping close by near- cbN ( one of our favorite stores , etc . ) i ' d definitely stay at the dana again and you too should consider staying here ! 
very cool place to stay ! great atmospher room view from the jimi hendrix Nth floor . walking distance from good food and fun things to do ! 
four family members had the pleasure of staying at the seneca hotel located just east of the hancock building . this small but elegant hotel offered a generous sized suite including full kitchen , dining area , family area and king-sized bedroom . the room was spotless and well appointed . if there is a small downside , it would be that there is no room service offered , but given the countless restaurants nearby , it was not an issue . they offer a exercise room and a spacious rooftop deck . i look forward to my next stay at the seneca . 
we were thrilled with this hotel . staff were gracious and fun , not stuffy . the overall feeling we got from the hotel was welcome and relaxed , not snooty at all . upon check in , the kids were given goody bags with toys and blow up beach balls to play with in the pool . they were out of goldfish to borrow but oh well . the rooms were fantastic , clean and upscale . we had a corner double queen unit and windows overlooked the city . the location was great . rush street and michigan ave were both in easy walking distance and options for eating abound . the pool was nice , clean and open , lots of fluffy white towels available . we went to the wine reception in the evening , which was lovely . great chatting with other guests and relaxing before going out into the city for dinner ( reminded me of a bed and breakfast type thing ) . i would definitely recommend signing up for kimpton rewards prior to your stay , even if you hotwired or pricelined the room . with membership you get a N coupon for mini bar , free wifi and free newspaper in the morning . i would say that this hotel is the nicest we have ever stayed at in chicago , and we had a regular room . that ' s saying alot . it was also the most enjoyable atmosphere . i hate snooty and i really felt at home here , relaxed and able to be ourselves ( kids and all ! ) . there ' s a good reason this hotel rated top N on trip advisor for N ! 
N of us stayed at the comfort inn and suites over laor day weekend and thought it was a great location , continental breakfast was good . the hotel is clean and everyone is very polite . thanks to trip advisor forums for the comments , it helped in our decision . we would stay here again the next time we are in chicago . lots of bar ' s . dining and attractions within walking distance of hotel . thanks chicago fro a great weekend ! ! ! ! ! ! 
when i booked this hotel it was advertised as miracle mile . nevertheless it was a bit out of the way . not completely , but it was a long walk to go to each location . the rooms were nice , but i was peeved when i went to the business center and i was getting charged N for a fraction of an hour . there wasn ' t complimentary internet across the hotel . 
stayed here N times this year ( N-N days each ) for work . it ' s typically overrun with hordes of conventioneers . even so , check-in check-out has been consistently smooth , pleasant , and quick . rooms are clean modern , but can vary in size ( one room with a single queen was very small ) . beds are very comfortable . getting a taxi at peak hours ( bad weather dinner time ) can be difficult at the front door - walk underground to michigan ave hail from the street . fitness center is well-equipped but can be crowded due to the size of the hotel . small grocery store N N block away on stetson . location is excellent , on the river , walking distance ( in good weather ) to nearly everything . N city blocks to the clark lake train station to o ' hare . internet was N a day . 
there is something about a new hotel - the team are aiming to please and certainly have in this case - the staff are helpful knowledgable . the quality of the hotel is also tops , well equiped gym ( better than most hotels ) and location is excellent - very close to the magnificant mile - magnificant shopping strip . being a kimpton hotel they also do the nice evening drinks so guests can meet other guests . 
if you ' re going to chicago and want to have a great hotel stay with no worries , this is your place . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the town and will go out of your way to be helpful . while my boyfriend andi were trying to get to the pedway , one of the hotel managers stopped what he was doing and lead us to where we were going . after a long and exhausting drive from tennessee , the beds at the swiss were incredibly welcoming too . my boyfriend is currently trying to find out how they make their beds so comfortable and where he can get one of their comforters because it felt so amazing . getting little toblerone ( one of my favorites ) chocolates on your pillow everynight is a nice touch that adds some elegance to your evening no matter why your staying there . the rooms look like they were just remodled and upgraded , there was an hd tv and a nice ihome docking station to put my ipod so i could set the alarm to wake up with my music instead of the radio . the whole decor was really to my taste , and of course it helped that it was impeccibly clean the whole time . while i was out exploring chicago , the blanket that i ' d brought from home and left in a chair was even folded neatly at the foot of the bed when i came back . i ' m a little bathroom phobic and these were really nice , super clean , with beautiful ( very new looking ) tile . i ' m really into showers and so i liked the big showerheads that give you the rainfall style shower . i didn ' t try out the tub though . also , i know there ' s a N hour exercise fitness facility upstairs . i walked through it to go use the pool and jacuzzi ( talk about a pool with a view , try the Nnd floor ! that was a fun place to swim ) . it looked like it had a lot of weights and machines to choose from but i never got to use any of them . we were staying to go to sofa ( the sculptural objects functional art exposition ) at navy pier . having a great hotel in close proximity to navy pier , in a central location downtown , with a gerat view of lake michigan was important . ( well the great view wasn ' t important , but it was a very nice bonus ) . the bar in the hotel lobby has a very comfrotable feel , even though stylistically its very classy . we saw several groups of people sitting around chatting with tables pulled together or by the fireplace , and both bartenders were very friendly and helpful answering questions about chicago . our whole stay it felt like the staff went out of their way to make sure we had the best visit possible . breakfast in the geneva downstairs was great as well . i love fresh fruit but generally you only get apples and a banana , so seeing fresh raspberries , blueberries and strawberries ( among other breakfast fruit staples ) was surprising . they had a great selection of pastries , cereals , yogurt and breakfast meats . there were so many different things for breakfast ( plus you could order off the menu ) it would take too long to go into them , but i was happy to get such a variety of options . i wish i could mention every good thing about our stay . . . there were just so many little things that made it add up to a great trip . the only downside was that we had to leave . we ' re already planning a return trip to the swiss where we can stay for at least a week to see parts of chicago we missed and because we had such a great experience it really made us want to come back . 
this is the second time my family and i have stayed at this property since N . just like our last visit , the staff is top-notch with a friendly demeanor and eager to please . the valet was always present and opening the door for us night and day . they were also great at assisting us with our luggage and retrieved our vehicle quickly when we needed it . the workers in the dining area ( breakfast and dinner is included ) were also very pleasant and quickly cleaned tables . the room was very clean and spacious . consider that you are N N a block from the magnificent mile in what is essentially a one bedroom apartment . with the subway a block away , your access to the entire city is convenient . all units include a kitchenette with microwave , full-sized refrigerator , cooktop , dishwasher , toaster , etc . compare the price and you ' ll see that this place is hard to beat . the only area i can offer improvement in is that the facilities are probably in need of a refurbishment soon . this is nit-picking , however , because everything is very clean and functional . certainly not something that should keep you from booking here . i know we will again . 
loved this place ! . . . awesome location central to everything . . . walked to it from the amtrak station with our luggage . . . block away from the l trains . . . . . super close for catching the hop on off tour buses . . . . only downside i can see is the room was a little small . . . but who cares . . . we just slept there . . . . always had free cold filtered water available on our floor from a dispenser . . . you just fill up plastic bottles . . . excellent ! . . . . checkin and checkout was a breeze ! . . . we paid N a night in july . . . i imagine it ' s cheaper during slower times of the year ! 
we stayed two nights here and had a lovely room with a city view in this vibrant part of chicago , north of the river . we had lost a suitcase at the airport and all of the staff went out of their way to help us retrieve it . the atmosphere was very friendly and everything worked well . the bed was extremely comfortable , with a gadget to change its softness hardness -- just what we needed after a long flight . also near some great restaurants , and across the street from a supermarket drugstore , which was very handy . would definitely stay here again . 
my recent stay at the palmer house did not disappoint . wonderful upscale hotel . am planning to stay again . wonderful location . 
upon check in , we learned that the pool , which was one of the main reasons for booking this hotel , was closed . no one informed us of this at the time we booked . when we got to our room , we found it to be very small , dirty ( ants in the bathroom ) , and loud due to construction in the hotel . again , a point that they failed to mention when we booked this hotel . we called the front desk for an upgrade . they agreed and put us in a " suite " . this room , even though it was bigger , was still dirty and grungy . the floor of the tub , for whatever reason , squished when it was stepped on . we thought we had solved the noise problem but found in short time we were wrong . the room was adjacent to the elevator which could be heard running up and down all night long . check-in check-out was a hassle and the valet service was mediocre at best . needless to say , our experience with the essex inn was horrible . i would not recommend staying at this hotel . ever . 
i booked this place through an acquintance at chicago . we stayed here for N days and must say its a really great hotel . also known as the home of presidents because in the past , many a us presidents and foreign heads of states stayed here , congress plaza is located right in the heart of downtown chicao on michigan avenue . the view is awesome , facing lake michigan and buckingham fountain . as we had busienss meetings at cbot , cboe , cme etc we could easily walk our way through . although hotel is priced economically the food and water are bit pricey or at least seemed to me coming from a cheaper place like india . there is a departmental store around the corner where one can buy water etc at lower rate . 
attended a conference at the palmer house and it truly surpassed my expectations . i had no idea it would be so large , so nice and with so many amenities . i also didn ' t realize that it is just around the corner from milenium park and the art institute . we were met at the door by the friendliest staff . even with a long line at check-in , the entire process was about N minutes . we enjoyed the room with the up-to-date tv , decent size bathroom and comfortable bed . had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant . paid N night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown chicago . we have stayed at the sofital which is much more upscale , but we also paid over N night there . 
this hotel is a great location very close to the magnificent mile , nearby restaurants and many chicago attractions . staff was very helpful and friendly . the rooms are spacious and very clean with a refrigerator and microwave . i would highly recommend this hotel to all . we truly enjoyed our stay . 
stay anywhere else in chicago and you ' ll be making a mistake . pick a category and this hotel has it knocked . there was nothing to complain about . loved every minute of it . the room was outstanding and the service was even better . they are the best and treat everyone like a celebrity . way to go donald , you rule . 
kudos to the trump organization for erecting a magnificent building in a great location and training the staff to provide extraordinary service . when we frst arrived , we were greeted by friendly bellmen and receptionists who were courteous and efficient . hot towels were provided each member of our group . our room was ready early in the day and made available to us . the bellman , who showed us to our room , took the time to explain many of the features and amenities . several times furing our stay , he went out of his way to help us . our room was immaculate and had a beautiful view . the kitchenette was well equipped . whatever we asked for was provided quickly and cheerfully . follow up calls were placed to our room by supervisors who checked that our needs were met . several supervisors went out of their way to introduce themselves and offer service . i have stayed in several luxury hotels but i have to say the service here is the best i have ever experienced . free internet and coffee service in the morning were very nice touches . bottled water was provided to our room every day or upon request in the lobby . concierge service was very helpful . the hotel itself is a magnificent piece of architecture which stands out among the many other distinctive buildings in chicago . from the moment you reserve a room to the moment you leave , you are treated like royalty . 
we visited in the month of sept . . . . . the hotel rooms are small but neat , the hotel is centrally located . . . . . but there was one problem just be careful when you are making a cash advance deposit instead of credit card . . . . . while checking out they might run out of cash and your account will be credited only after a month . . . . 
i just returned from a business trip and loved this hotel . while my room was a little dated- my co-workers had very boutique updated accommodations . the staff was beyond friendly , helpful and professional . i would come back in a heart beat ! make sure you check out the hotel lounges- very cool ! ! 
i was in town for the paddy ' s day celebrations and the hotel is great for visiting the countless pubs clubs of this great city . staff were very friendly and helpful . the rooms were really nice and the weber grill downstairs is great for food at any time of the day . all in all very good value for money ! 
in december my wife and i stayed at the whitehall hotel , a landmark in chicago . the location of the hotel is outstanding because it is less than one block to michigan avenue the holiday lights , shopping , and fine restaurants are at your finger tips . we did receive a discounted rate which made the stay a good bargain . the room was quite spacious and had a touch of " old elegance " . the king sized bed was very comfortable and the bath had been updated with marble counter tops and new tile . after dining on saturday evening , it was only a two block walk back to the hotel . . . very convenient . the only drawback we experienced were the crowded elevators full of chicago bears fans when we were checking out on sunday . there are only two elevators , small in size , due to the tall and narrow nature of the building . we ended up walking down the stairs after not being able to board three consecutive elevators . we enjoyed a fine breakfast at the restaurant right next door to the hotel . the whitehall location puts you right in the middle of the action . 
if you are rich and you don ' t care about how much money you spend in your travel to get good accommodations , this hotel is not for you . just skip it . you can find tons of better hotels in chicago downtown . however , i ' m not that kind of guy . when i go to chicago twice per year , cost for hotel and parking creates some pain in my wallet . this hotel saved me in that point . one train ( cta ) stop from midway airport , five-minutes walk from cta station and N minutes to downtown by cta . . . i believe this convenient location is the best part of this hotel . ( you can use the shuttle bus to go to airport and cta station , too ! ) furthermore , the room price is around N per night if you book in advance . you cannot find such good deal normally with such convenient location in chicago . this price includes complimentary breakfast , fitness center and free parking ! i believe you can save N per night just by staying at this hotel . with this saving , you can enjoy good meals , concerts and museums in downtown ! accommodations are kind of average or above a bit with this price but i have no complaint about them . only complaint i have for this hotel is there is little space to have breakfast in the lobby . it means i have to bring the meals back to my room . as an additional caution , if you come here by your car , be sure arriving earlier to ensure your parking space . normally , it would be a bit difficult to find a single space in late evening or night . the above things are kind of minor drawbacks ( at least for me ) . i ' ll keep using this hotel for my coming chicago trips . 
what a great property and stay - the location is great for tourists N block from the north branch of the river and it ' s riverwalk N block from the ' l and a half block farther to the subway , but not on a transit route itself ( quieter ) N minute walk to millennium park ( and the least expensive long-term parking in the area ) three blocks from the major live theatres close to everything or to how to get to everything . - without fail , we were greeted at the door and front desk coming and going . - clean , comfortable , functional throughout our room was spacious and the bath and shower were excellent . although we didn ' t confirm that we ' d been given it , we ' d requested the " tall " room that some kimpton properties offer since we ended up on the business floor ( but well separated from the meeting rooms ) which often have higher ceilings , the shower head was N inches over my N ' N " scalp , and the complimentary robe actually fit me ( they almost never do ) i ' d guess that that ' s where they put us - loved it . - very nice restaurant bar on the premises with free continental breakfast ( coffee tea juice ! , toast and large fresh fruit plate for each person ) - free starbucks coffee ( N-Nam ) and wine ( N-Npm ) in the lobby daily - they are pet-friendly ( and have a photo album of their previous N-legged guests ) - all the city ' s attractions were within walking distance - either directly or via the extensive and efficient transit system get a cta visitor pass for unlimited l subway bus usage , it ' s not worth driving to most places . in contrast to previous reviews , the only noises we heard were the occasional siren ( we were downtown so this is to be expected ) and the occasional faint screech from the ' l cars on the turn at the end of the block - the a c was like central air at home , but quieter . we ' d recommend this property to anyone - especially tourists - who are traveling to or thru chicago . 
the conrad is a gorgeous hotel with luxe amenities . my friend and i especially enjoyed having drinks on the outside terrace bar . gorgeously appointed , spacious , fabulous bathroom ! ! 
clean , modern rooms . helpful staff . attached restaurant and bar are also of a high quality . i ' ve stayed at felix multiple times and will continue to stay here in the future . 
my husband and i stayed here for a week in august sept N . the good points the location is excellent , close to the magnificent mile , the grand ave el , lots of restaurants and shops . the rooms are fairly spacious and we got an excellent room rate . the staff were friendly and helpful . the kitchen is fully equipped with a full sized fridge with ice maker . the bad points the breakfast room had an awful smell about it . the food at breakfast was very average , and they ran out of some things every morning . there was always a massive queue to get a table at breakfast , and there were endless screaming kids about . the room was very dated , and needed to be revamped . the bathroom was small and a bit grubby , and the shower didn ' t have a lot of pressure . the sheets didn ' t fit the bed properly and every night they came off the sides of the bed so we ended up partially sleeping directly on the mattress . the bedding also felt very cheap , with what felt like nylon sheets . the lift was slow . the windows in our room were so dirty , you couldn ' t see out for the smears all over them . if you are looing for a cheap place to stay in the middle of things , this is the place . if you are looking for a sophisticated hotel , this is not the place to stay . there are plenty of other nicers places to stay . 
very conveniet to downtow . the hotel is quite , clean and confortable with a big lcd tv . the hotel park cost a little bit much that other solutions , but very convenient . for breakfast there is a starbucks very close to the hotel . 
am a frequent business traveler to chicago and the hampton inn majestic has become my hotel of choice for the reasons listed above . the rooms are modern and very comfortable its is centrally located within the loop the staff could not be more friendly and accomodating . 
the wyndham hotel is located N N block from the magnificent mile . we had a great experience at this hotel . we stayed in a non-smoking room with a single king-size bed . the rooms were clean , comfortable and you couldn ' t ask for a better location for a first-time visit to chicago . the concierge made our stay in chicago a great one . great tips on what to do in the city and they made reservations for us whenever we needed them . this by far was one of our best mini-vacations we have ever had and the wyndham had a lot to do with it . 
stayed here Nnts in april . preppy dress code . had to wear nicer clothes then i am used to , not that i dress like a slob , but i don ' t have a lot of collared shirts being a woman . we had come in from midway , via the " l " . i changed my shoes and put on a collared shirt outside the hotel . ck . in was fast , and we were on the monroe side of the hotel on the Nrd floor , very noisy all day , and had trouble sleeping at night . i did enjoy my view of the chicago institute of art . the bed in the rm was a king , and very comfortable . the tv was just so so . the very nice bellman brought in our luggage and showed us around the rm , and got us ice water , he also said they had no movies on cable , but you could rent them from the front desk . you are not supposed to tip here , but we did anyway . we ate dinner and breakfast at the front grill , on the the Nth floor . very good food . plus , a fabulous view of the lake front . the location of the hotel is very nice , because the next day i walked over to the chicago institute of art and millennium park . the university club was very close to the adams wabash stop , on the orange line , to the loop , on monroe street . as you headed to monroe street , you could see the green awnings to the right . there was a ironing board and iron , but the plugs were a bit hard to locate and find . the restroom was tub shower , which was hard to figure out how to turn it on at first , once you did it was ok . if you are prone to hot showers , you will not get them here . i don ' t like very hot showers , but the water was quite unconfortably cold here . i did love the towels though , and you had the luxury of individual robes hanging in the closet . if you like to dress college prep , stay here . it is nice , but too stuffy for me . 
this hotel is in a great location for theatre , the symphony , the art institue and the lyric opera . the room we had was pretty freshly decorated , clean and not shopworn . great view to the north of the trump tower and carbide building ( hard rock hotel ) . the hotel has a buffet breakfast included - nothing special , but kept very well stocked with a different main entre on each of our three mornings . ethernet or wifi is included too . the hotel is two blocks from the orange line and within one block of the blue and red lines too for easy access to the airports and the rest of town . our room was on the top ( Nst ) floor and very quiet . 
i cannot say enough good things about this hotel . our family of five stayed in a two-room suite that was spacious and comfortable and clean . the beds and sofabed were all very comfortable . the suite had a kitchenette also . the location was great for using public transportation and touring chicago . the staff was extremely helpful and answered all of our questions completely . there is a really good breakfast - besides the usual items on a continental breakfast , on one day , there were eggs scrambled with ham , and on another , sausage patties and french toast sticks . there is a very small store by the front desk if you want to buy cokes , snacks , etc . , late at night - the front desk folks will open it for you . i got a good rate on expedia ( government rate ) . i will absolutely stay there the next time i am in chicago . 
my wife and i , went here for a romantic get away . . . i choose this w for my wife and to my surprise . . . this was a very nice and updated hotel that we both feel in love with ! we ate dinner once and breakfast once and both times and the meals are awesome ! the rooms are small but very very nice . with upgraded t . v . bed and other things makes this hotel very nice . the gym is a " N " from N to N this hotel is close to the monroe train subway station N blocks to be exact . so remember to take the " l " train from o ' hare for N . N per person get off on monroe and walk N blocks and ur there ) over all we loved the location the people and the city . . . . . . . . i hope you have a wonderful time as we did ! thanks
very nice location , staff was very helpful , rooms were very clean . has a pool which is a big plus . would definately stay again . 
the hotel is in a perfect location . one block from the red line and one block from michigan ave . the room was fine . it did not appear to be worn or dated as some of the other reviewers have remarked . one of the elevators was not working during our stay , which made it a little time consuming to get to our room , however , the wonderful staff was there to help . they gave guests rides up the service elevator , which allowed us to avoid long waits . the thing that makes this hotel excellent is the staff . they are genuinely friendly and go out of their way to help their guests . the breakfast is okay , but if you are in chicago you really should be trying out the local restaurants since that is half the reason to visit ! 
just back from N night stay at omni and would thoroughly recommend it . staff bent over backwards to assist in anything , no matter how minute . great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my Nyo daughter . if i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges , taxes etc for room service , bar and restaurant , but where is cheap these days ? would definitely recommend it , especially for families . 
we were pleased with this hotel . just came back from a N night stay with my two teenage sons . we went to see king tut and had a great time . the room had two double beds with new bedding , the room was clean , and the bathroom looked like it was recently renovated . we used the free shuttle to the john hancock building , which was great and saved us a cab fare . we ate breakfast in the restaurant once and although a bit on the pricey side , the food was ample and good . location is great next to grant park and the museums . i would definitely stay in this hotel again and would recommend it to others and the price was right . 
i stayed at the w lakeshore for one night on january Nth . i would agree with the previous post that had both pros and cons . the views are indeed fabulous . i loved that i could work out in the healthclub overlooking the lake . the hotel is totally hip and trendy , although i will say that i was not overly impressed with the whiskey sky bar . i personally like the lobby bar much better . also , the hotel smells fabulous and the location is great . on the downside , i thought the walls were a little thin . you could hear everyone open and close their doors all down the hallway . i also didn ' t really care for the shutter window and shuttered door concept on the bathroom . it leaves much to be desired for privacy . the only other thing worth mentioning , which has also been mentioned before , is that they do nickel and dime you to death . i ' m used to mini bar prices being high , but N for a small bottle of water is ridiculous . breakfast for two a la carte in the restaurant ( not room service ) was N with the tip . i will say though , due to the great location there are plenty of nearby dining options outside the hotel that won ' t break you . everyone that i dealt with on the staff was great and if i could get a decent rate i would stay at this hotel again . 
it was during a business trip that i was recommended this fairly new hotel and i was deeply impressed . the hotel is outstanding because of the location , the service , the rooms , the kindness of the staff , and much more . the spa is a haven in itself , an island of tranquility and relaxation , with most professional staff . the spa bar with dried fruit was an ongoing temptation for me . . . i hope to be able to come back to this wonderful hotel soon . 
we stayed with friends for thanksgiving , hotel staff were really nice and helpful about directions and food locations around , the rooms were clean , huge beds . continental breakfast was ok , juice , coffee , bananas and some muffins . just enough not to feel hungry , nothing extra . but second day we came like half an hour before breakfast was over , and literally there was nothing there , only N juices left , so when we asked if they gonna put up smth for us , they were like no , that there is nothing left for today . so we were left without breakfast , so wake up early if u want to get anything , beside the sitting area is limited , there is nowhere to eat if N-N sitting couches r full , plus u r kinda sitting right next to the entrance . their bathroom floor was very weird , like the shower and the general floor were on the same level , so when u took shower , water would be all over the bathroom , which was terrible , bcs u had to manually push the water back after shower with towels , bcs bathroom was impossible to walk in . beside the morning we were moving out , the toilet water came out when we flushed it , and started to fill up very quickly , and next second toilet water was all over the place , called the reception , and they sent the plumber pretty quickly . internet was very very very slow , sometimes didn ' t even connect . overall ok hotel for the money u pay , and location is all right , if ur ready to walk N min to millenium park area . 
we stayed at the hotel monaco for three nights from august N through august N . this was our first trip to chicago and were pleased with our choice of both city and hotel . location we chose hotel monaco based on the many positive reports on trip advisor and other sites . we wanted to be close to the river and the trains and with the lake station a few blocks away , the location for us was perfect . wicker park bucktown , oak park and of course o hare are easily accessed . in particular , the convenience of taking a train from a major international airport downtown as opposed to a taxi , bus , etc . was appreciated ( hello toronto , get your act together ) . the loop location ( wacker and wabash ) was great with many major attractions within easy walking distance ( we are a couple in our early N s with a teenage daughter ) . hotel this isa great hotel , very reasonably priced with excellent amenities , rooms and staff . we were given room N , overlooking the intersection of wacker and wabash with the river , the trump tower and a mies van der rohe tower forming a backdrop . the room was very clean , large , cool and bright with two queen beds . our only concern would be the lack of drawer space ( maybe due to this being an adjoining room with N . the window seats are wonderful to lay on and gaze out on the view or for catching a short nap ! the hotel was very quiet with no hall or room noise . on the Nth floor we could just hear the el down on wacker which we really enjoyed ( the el was a major interest of ours ) . we enjoyed the size of this hotel where front desk and lobby staff recognize you . complimentary starbucks coffee in the morning and wine late afternoon , offered in a double height room adjacent to the lobby , were very nice touches . staff the staff were very helpful and professional , offering interesting and important facts and advice . at N . N am arrival , our luggage was stored and front desk staff called our cell a few hours later to inform us that our room was ready . bottled drinks were left for us be the housekeeping staff when they realized we liked orange juice . when a family emergency occurred on our day of departure , staff offered to help get our luggage to the lake station for the trip to o hare . excursions we are by no means chicago experts but we d suggest the following N . check out the wicker park bucktown area for some great little shops ( used books , movies , etc . ) and wonderful food . N . the chicago food planet food tours are a wonderful way to slowly get to know interesting neighbourhoods ( and to get away from the repetitive nature of places like the magnificent mile ( not so mag in our minds ) . N . the steppenwolf theatre in oldtown was a nice treat and we were able to get some good food and drink at o briens . N . the trip to oak park ( self guided walking tour and home tour ) is very interesting . this part of oak park is beautiful and the home tour guides offer great insight into the life of frank lloyd wright . N . whatever you do , go to millennium park and the art institute . world class all the way . unfortunately millennium park closes at N . N pm so be sure to go earlier to catch the amazing light of the pritzker pavilion and the surrounding buildings . in conclusion , we would highly recommend this hotel for your next trip to chicago . 
this was our second visit to chicago and without a second thought we again chose the amalfi . location is perfect for exploring downtown area and around . really comfortable beds , spacious rooms , complimentary breakfast and of course not forgetting the free drinks and nibbles every evening . i could not fault the hotel at all and could not have asked for more , we will definitely stay here again on any future visits to the city . 
great bathroom for two and a spacious , relaxing room with a modern look and a decent floor to ceiling view of downtown chicago . 
i called on december Nth , N at N p . m . to book a room for an upcoming weekend getaway , and was taken aback when the phone was picked up and promptly hung up without a word . thinking this might have been a simple mistake , i gave it another try . a woman introducing herself as " toni " answered the phone , rushed through her introduction , sounding incredibly bored and annoyed that she had to answer the phone . barely letting a second go by after her introduction , she gave a snotty " hello ? ! " before i could open my mouth and tell her " never mind . " never has a hotel answered my call so rudely . i ' d like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and pin this unpleasant experience to " toni " however i will not be calling back again in hopes to stay at this hotel during this trip . 
for the first time in my life i was able to stay at the drake hotel in chicago . the location of this hotel is unbeatable . see my photos for the view of lakeshore drive from my room . furthermore it is right off north michigan avenue by all the malls . the hotel has so much history it ' s unbelievable . the desk clerk told us that president obama was there the week before we arrived . they have a window display that shows some of the signatures of historical figures that have stayed there . don ' t miss the princess grace signature , or dean martin . loved the bed treatments . bathrooms were very roomy and cleanliness in this property is top-notch . one other tip , i bought my room directly on their website and saved substantially over expedia . 
previous writers were correct about the prices , but there are a variety of nearby places where you can eat more reasonably . the location was great ! you can walk so many places easily from the hotel . on check in they offered a room with two bathrooms and a view of the lake for an additonal N , and i took it . the view was nice , the room was nice , roomy and one bathroom had a bathtub the other a shower . you really should park elsewhere as there is one adjacent to the block with N parking . 
trendy hotel , modern design . . . the room i stayed in was large , i couldn ' t tell if i had been upgraded because it was one open space , with a long hall dividing the front door and bathroom ( with a shower that could fit N people ) . i just didn ' t understand the planning of the room ( weird layout ) and the hotel itself wasn ' t as plush as i thought it could be . . . like the palms in las vegas or loew ' s hotels
my family and i stayed at the embassy suites for a long weekend . it was located within a mile of michigan ave . so great for shopping but we would definately look to stay somewhere else the next time we go to chicago . the managers reception was really disappointing . spinach dip and stale pita bread . the breakfast in the morning was a real bummer as well . the eggs were cold and the french toast soggy . the pull out bed was broken . i called to the front desk N different times , after a half hour wait i finally got fed up and went down to the front desk . they gave us a different room . nothing like having to move all your stuff at N N at night . the pull out bed in the new room worked but you could feel the springs in the mattress . my daughter woke up with a sore back the next morning . overall , a very disappointing stay . we will definately be looking to stay somewhere else the next time we visit the windy city ! ! 
we stayed at the hyatt regency during the week , tuesday - friday , after getting the room for N night on hotwire . i was a little worried about our stay after reading the reviews online but we were very pleasantly surprised . the location is great , right off of michigan ave and within walking distance of theatres , shopping , and restaurants . we were on the Nth floor and had a fabulous view . the staff was helpful and courteous . the front desk checked us right in , there was no wait in line . the concierges were polite and quick to give us answers to all of our questions . we ' d called ahead and requested a room with a king size bed and that ' s what we got . it was clean , modern , and spacious the bed and pillows were heavenly and the bathroom was very nice and roomy . my only wish was for more drawer space for our clothing and more hangers in the closet . the mini-bar is weight sensitive , if you remove anything the scale senses it and the item is charged to your room , so we never touched the bar . there is a grocery store literally a minute walk away , so we got snacks and such there . the room was right off of the elevators , and we were not disturbed by noise . likewise , we never encountered a problem with bar or band noise or crowds as we came and left the hotel . when we checked out , we called ahead for valet to bring the car . they said it ' d be a N-N minute wait but the car was there in N minutes . i ' ll admit that parking is pricey at N a night , and there are several ramps nearby that are much cheaper , but we chose to splurge on the valet parking . i would not hesitate at all about staying here again . we had a wonderful experience . 
all embassy suites are pretty much the same . . . kid friendly , sweeping atrium , great free breakfast and so-so well drinks during the manager ' s reception ( but hey , they ' re free so i ' m not complaining ) . there is always something of a facade to it all i think the construction and infrastructure are pretty cheap bordering on shoddy . we like the big rooms , but so do a lot of big families so it ' s really not the place for a romantic weekend . the rooms are drab and somewhat biege , showing a little wear probably due to all the kids . the staff was very friendly and quick to respond to some minor problems with the room . would i stay here again ? probably , but there are a ton of other options nearby to check out . best reasons for staying here big double rooms , free breakfast , location , hh points . 
i was thrilled with my stay at the james hotel . first , the quality of the rooms were exceptional . i love the modern touches and attention to detail . i stayed in a loft suite with a media room . i ended up watching the academy awards in the media room and it was ideal ! i love that they use intelligent nutrients for their shampoo , conditioner , etc . i also love that they provide all guests with bottled triple filtered water . service was excellent . the doorman greeted me by my first name and everyone was friendly , courteous and professional . their complimentary ride on an audi qN was a treat ! i loved that . there are so many " detail " stories to tell--i found something interesting and delightful at every turn . last but not the least , unbeatable location . the james is likely my " go to " hotel when i go to chicago from this point forward . 
i stayed at this hotel while attending a medical show at mccormick place . it was a nice hotel better than expected . quick check-in in clean room , . had a coffeemaker and hairdryer in the room . the front desk was pleasant and knowledgeable . had nice lobby with two internet computer , free internet access ( wireless ) there was a connected restaurant that had above average food and drink . the hotel is almost directly on michigan avenue within a brisk N minute walk of mccormick . i walked north on michigan to radio shack and walgreen ' s so it is nicely located . i would recommend this hotel now and in the future . it is a quality establishment . 
the swissotel is a great place to stay in chicago . great staff very helpful . the rooms were very clean , had all the ammentities and more . the hotel is in a great location and close to millenimum park , magnificent mile , navy pier . transportation is everywhere . lots of cabs , buses , trolleys and near the l train . the city is very clean and we felt very safe . great harbor . will go back again . 
staying at the sutton place hotel one of the first weekends right after new years was a perfect start into the new year . although it was very very cold in the windy city when we arrived ( now i know where this nickname comes from ) , we were hearty welcomed by shelby , the doorman . right after he took care of our luggage , we were able to check in with one of the receptionists at the sutton . after a quick check-in , we were able to head up to the room to unpack . after spending some time in the room and enjoying the beautiful view of the city and it didn ' t matter that we were on the Nth floor , we headed out to enjoy the gold coast . exploring the nice neighbourhood at the beginning , we finally ended up having a very nice ( and huge ) steak across the street . we called it a night after a few hours at a club around the corner . since the sutton is just N short blocks away from michigan avenue , the magnificent mile , we almost spent the whole day with shopping . after getting back to the hotel and recovering , it was very cold outside , we came to the lobby to see the concierge . unfortunately , the concierge was not present at that time , but tristian , one of the receptionists , was able to get us reservations for dinner though . we chose to have italian at the ilmulino ' s which was outstanding . on sunday , we asked for a late departure and there was no problem to get a later check-out . after getting all of our stuff together and doing the express check-out , we were able to head back to the sun , back to california . in general , this hotel is very nice , the room very clean and accomodating and the staff outstanding and very friendly . the location is just great . a very recommending hotel for a great price . 
my wife and i stayed at the affinia for N nights . we used their website to book the trip , they had a pricing guarantee and an option to upgrade for N per night . we got a junior suite . the room was very good size and very clean . bed was comfortable . pros location , location , location just a block off michigan ave . excellent concierge service especially from joel . cons ambulance sirens sound ( located across from hospital and only N elevators serving our floor was slow a couple of times - nothing serious . a short cab ride to the apollo theater where we saw million dollar quartet - highly recommend . also , visited a pub called timothy o ' tooles a few blocks from the hotel , good food and a great place to watch the football games . would definitely stay here again . 
typical w hotel but location was not ideal . my room was right next to the " l " so it kept me up all night . 
our mistake for not reading the reviews of this hotel before we stayed there . some friends and i stayed at the travelodge while we were in town for a concert . the front desk misinformed us about parking . my car was towed . we had to pay for a cab to go pay to get my car out of the lot after we had already paid for parking . when we confronted the desk staff of this we were told by ken " well , you girls will learn a hard lesson " in a way a disappointed angry father would . he was very rude to us throughout our stay . when we went to check out and pay , my friend ' s card was declined . she called the bank and travelodge had charged over N on her card the previous day which caused her to overdraft . when we brought it to ken ' s attention , he kept trying to shrug it off as though he had been wiped clean of us now that they had our money . we called the toll free number on the card while we were in the lobby , thinking it was a corporate number . when we heard the phone ring at the front desk we hung up . ken , then looked at us with a cold , maniacal , angry glare . oh , and aside from the rude , unhelpful staff , the rooms were disgusting . 
we had a great stay at the hotel - i have recommended to my colleagues and others if they are headed to chicago . the location downtown is ideal - two blocks for the subway and walking distance to everything on the north side of the river . 
the knickerbocker has received its share of negative reviews . maybe the management has taken some of the suggestions . i came here with my husband and two children right before christmas . we booked the hotel through priceline , as we always do . chicago has so many N star hotels and we like the excitement of getting the best deal and exploring the different types of rooms around the city . we have been to chicago countless times and stayed at most of the hotels N stars and above . so , background info accepted , the knickerbocker wasn ' t that bad . i ' d describe the room decor as ornate , yet cheap and dated . would never consider this a N star establishment , but it was fine . the staff was warm and attentive . the location is soooo good ! and , it was a good deal through priceline . beware of the lift doors , they shut very quickly ! eat at the foodlife restaurant ( s ) in the basement of the watertower shopping complex ( only two blocks away and open at N N am ) ! ! very cool ! 
i recently stayed here for work . when i got off the elevator and realized i was directly across from the elevator i was worried about the noise . but , since i wasn ' t going to be in my room very much i decided not to change rooms . i quickly realized that it wasn ' t the noise from the elevators that would bother me , but the noise from the room next door . i heard the phone ringing while i was in the bathroom brushing my teeth and ran into the main room to answer it . i suddenly realized that the phone wasn ' t ringing in my room , but the room next door ! i also heard , verbatum , conversations from the ladies next door to me as well ! i never approached the subject with the hotel since these instances occurred while i was getting ready to leave my room and not at night . whenever i did interact with the staff , they were nice and accommodating and the location was great . it ' s within easy walking distance to some great shopping and lots of restaurants . the room was comfortable and clean . it did not have a flat screen tv as most better hotels do . it has a small fitness center on the Nrd floor with N hr access with your room key . i did not personally pay for this room , so i cannot say whether it was a good value or not . all in all a good experience except for the thin guest room walls . 
this hotel was great . the rooms were large and clean . the beds were unbelievably comfortable with nice linens . the bathroom was large , clean , up to date , and loaded with soft towels . and it ' s worth mentioning that the hotel had real , high-powered hair dryers -- not those terrible wall-mounted ones that you see in other hotels ( i ' m a women with thick long hair so i care about things like that ) . the view from my room was great . it looked out over the river . the staff was very accommodating , which you ' d expect in a N-star hotel . it was the fastest check-in i ' ve ever experienced . also , the concierge had great recommendations . the lounge bar was expensive but very nice . they had a great wine list , appetizers , and friendly service . the location is fantastic . it ' s a very short walk to the magnificent mile , plenty of restaurants , the navy pier , the train , and there is a cab stand right in front and a dunkin donuts next door . a cab from midway airport was N . a cab from wrigley was N . my only complaint about the hotel is that the mini bar has a weight sensor . so if you move around bottles in the fridge so that you can store your own food personal items , the sensor will send a signal to the hotel and you will be charged . or that ' s at least what the front desk told me . considering how much this hotel costs , it would be nice if they provided you with a fridge large enough to store your own items in it . through hotwire , i paid N per night for thursday-sunday . it was a great deal . i get the impression that normally it is much more . 
we only stayed one night but , the service was excellent , location was better than we imagined , and they were very flexible ! we arrived in chicago three and a half hours early and they were nice enough to let us check in early ! concierge was more than helpful with directions and food recommendations . i would love to go back ! highly recommended . 
historic hotels often smell and seem very old but not this property . it ' s a little gaudy in the lobby but the rooms were very pretty and well appointed . small but well decorated . the corridors are long and maze like and three separate elevators depending on the floor level . getting to your room can take a long time if you are in a hurry . being a full service hotel means you have to tip everyone on top of the expensive rates . it ' s close to michigan avenue and surrounded by many stores and restaurants but the immediate area is a little run down . it ' s a quick walk to to everywhere . no need for a car . no hotel gift shop - there ' s a small store next to the hotel but it ' s not part of the hotel . expensive property . 
N night stay , booked through slh , the location is excellent , the room we had and the general decor is a little heavy but no complaints , all clean and tidy , we had the benefit of a room upgrade which was nice . the service is really good , all the staff are friendly and attentive , we only had breakfast but the food was of a reasonable standard , the outside pavemnet cafe was great . i heard while there that plans are to extend the bar and restaurant , this can only improve the hotel when done , overall only positive comments . 
we could not find any other place to stay in chicago , so we booked this hotel given its location . the rooms are dated , dark and smelly . the staff is very unprofessional they could not find a package that had been dropped for me two days before my stay and i had to get back and ask numerous times to finally get it . they charged one of our rooms twice and we have left a number of messages to rectify the mistake , but it seems there ' s no will on behalf of the hotel to give us back our money . avoid this place . 
we have stayed in a grand suite which was well sized for N adults and N kids . the bedding was very comfortable as it was nice to have access to a microwave and the mini fridge bar . the bedroom area was separated from the living room by french doors which was nice for us as we had a baby . we needed a crib as we had an infant . they brought a pack and play and not a real crib . it was too low and too hard for the baby to sleep in , so we had to take her to sleep in our bed , fortunatelly it was a king size bed . overall , the suite was clean and in good shape , but it does not show a brand new charm . the sofa upholstery and carpet are getting to be a bit worn out . there is a small roof patio which may be a good place to hang out on during warm months . the lobby is small and you will not be able to hang out there . there is a small grocery store in the basement of the condo building across the street . location is perfect for exploring magnificient mile with a family . it is close to the playground near modern art museum , close to the water tower place mall . cheesecake factory restaurant is N minutes away . american girl store is very close . hershey ' s store was a big hit with our older child . the N n michigan avenue mall houses frankie ' s Nth floor pizeria which was a good and tasty choice for our family . the rush street had a good selection of bars for adults . the front desk people were always nice . the only bad thing was that we were charged for the minibar item that we have not used . the accounting does not answer voice mail , so it was a bit frustrating to deal with them . eventually , they have removed the charge . overall , it is a solid choice for exploring chicago with a family . 
we spent a long weekend at this hotel and had a fantastic time . we had an executive suite that was on the corner of the building so we ended up with views of michigan avenue and the water tower , and the lake and navy pier . the room was huge , with a large sitting room , separate bedroom - two tv ' s etc . my only complaint was that there was only one sink in the bathroom and the bathtub wasn ' t large . the service at the hotel is top notch - extremely helpful and friendly all round . we had drinks in the bar a couple of times , and there was some great music . bar prices were reasonable for a four seasons , and you have to try the scotch egg bar snack - just the best ! ! the location of the hotel was perfect for walking to all the places we wanted to go to , including some fabulous restaurants , but taxis were right there when we needed them . highly recommended - i would definitely go back ! 
my daughter and i stayed here dec N-N , N on a shopping trip from dallas . from the moment we pulled up until the time we left , we enjoyed every moment here ! the employees were all very helpful and extremely courteous in a genuine way . we were encouraged to sign up for the select guest program and received complementary beverages each morning . the rooms are very nice and the beds extremely comfortable . we stayed on the Nth floor with a west facing room . we did not eat in the hotel as we had a couple of specific meal plans but the menu looked good . parking is expensive and unless you plan on going far , you are better off with taxis . this is the nicest omni i have ever stayed at and i would highly recommend it to anyone ! 
we had a pleasant week ' s stay at the whitehall after N rooms changes . in both instances , the front desk was most accomodating although the room was close to , or at capacity . would certainly recommending avoiding rooms N-N on the lower floors as these rooms have no view and the noise is constant due to the fact that they face large air conditioning vents from the adjacent building . our final room ( a high level N ) was clean and large with the most comfortable king size bed we have ever slept in in all our years of travelling . ithe hotel is in a great location to the magnificent mile , the hancock building , a lakeside beach and a short walk to the chicago red line metro station . the restaurant is also good ( try the gnocchi with oxtail and the seafood pizza ) but the service was exceptionally poor the night we went . staff are friendly ( as are all chicagoans ) and helpful with information . 
we usually stay at the sofitel but thought we would try the conrad for a change . i don ' t think i would rate this hotel over the sofitel but it was still Nst class . but i do think the service was better at the conrad . we arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left . normally service goes down hill then but our waiter eric was the best . even when i kept ordering my after dinner ports . the meal may not have been the chop house but it was still very good . the bar was ok , no crown reserve . they did have the cask N at N a drink , ouch . the room service was very quick . our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits . the only fault we could find was the temperature on the Nth floor . it was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off . which wasn ' t so bad since my wife smokes . the temp on the Nth where the lobby , bar , and restaurant was fine . we enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in sept . one last thing , if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast . go to the west egg , only a few blocks away . 
the doubletree mag mile has a beautiful new lobby . i was greeted by a very friendly man at the front desk , where i received my yummy warm cookie . the room was a good size ( N queen beds ) . the beds were very comfortable . there was no refrigerator in the room , which would have been nice . access to the lakeshore athletic club , which was free , was very nice . it is a bit of a hike to the red line at grand , but very close to the magnificent mile . overall , it was a great stay . 
we love this hotel . great location , superior service and free parking to boot . one of the best buys in the city . 
we arrived only to fing out they had lost our reservtions . the front desk lady was rude and arrogant and pushed the problem off onto aaa . she continued to argue with me even after we had reserved the room . i had to tell her that i was finished with the discussion and walk away . the manager was of little help . we paid double the amount we booked the room for . two days later , aaa called and had convinced the manager to refund the difference . the air conditioner leaked down the wall and all over the carpet in the closet . the vents in the living room and bedroom were covered with mold and mildew ( see photos ) . even after telling the fron desk of this problem , nobody cleaned the vents . the television remote did not work in the living room and the cable went out consistently . this is a bad place to stay and other hotels are very close and are similarly priced . 
we travel a lot and stay mostly at N star hotels . we like the luxury but still want a lot of value for our money . we had reservations here and trump tower , and opted to stay here because of the nice package we got , including food credit and free parking . we are very pleased that we stayed here . my husband says that he would like to stay in kimpton properties as much as possible . there is a construction in front of the hotel so coming in and out of the hotel was very difficult . i was not N thrilled with the location , either . it was about N minutes walk to the heart of michigan ave . we requested higher floor and received an adequately furnished room with the view of chicago downtown . what distinguishes this property is the " trying to do everything we can " attitude of the employees . from the check-in person to the wine service in the afternoon to the bell man outside , employees are trying to please . i have one suggestion for the hotel and to kimpton properties in general . instead of just coffee service , throw in some pastries or donuts in the morning . that way those people who can go light will have satisfactory breakfast and those who want heavier breakfast will head to the sable restaurant , which i found perfectly adequate . i would rather have a coffee machine in the room than going downstairs just to pick up a cup of coffee . if i can picke up a pastry or two , it might be ok . i took a survey after the stay and left some comments about minor airconditioning incident i received an e-mail right back from the manager thanking me for the feedback and promising to rectify the situation . now this is an organization who wants to listen to the customers and tries to better itself . no wonder recent fortune magazine lists kimpton hotels the best place to work for ! 
wonderful location and super close to the l train , magnificent mile , riverboat tours and within walking distance to navy pier , etc . awesome service , very willing to help and answer questions . we had a room with the river view and it was gorgeous . will definitely stay here again . only negative thing we encountered was the elevators are quite slow , but it was nothing that was going to overshadow the rest of the hotel . 
the first thing i should note about this four-star hotel is that it charges ( and charges plenty ) for internet connection . this fact alone should lead one to avoid this hotel . that said , the hotel is large and historic . it has generally a good atmosphere , starting with the elegant and bustling lobby . the rooms are generally clean , but they vary . we stayed part of our last visit in a small , odd room with a poor bed and the rest in a larger room with a perfectly acceptable bed . had we stayed the whole time in the first room , i would probably give the hotel two stars above , but the second room would have gotten a four . so i averaged . while i said the rooms were generally clean , there was a piece of plastic wrapping on the hall floor between our room and the elevator that stayed there for the whole time we were there . it seemed to be no one ' s job to pick it up , and so no one did . that may be part of the problem of running such a large hotel , but it symbolizes to me that the staff here are not going the extra mile for the guests . i did not think the club floor breakfast was particularly special . we recently stayed in a few hotels in europe , where the breakfast in similarly priced hotels was much better and more varied . the breakfast here was identical , day after day . and on a crowded weekend , the club floor was really a zoo . 
i have always enjoyed staying at the palmer house . some of the rooms are very small but when i have asked for a larger room at check in they have always obliged . i would avoid the breakfast buffet at lockwoods . there is a very limited selection for the price you pay . in terms of lunch and dinner i would also skip the lockwood and go around the corner to miller ' s pub . they have excellent food at a very reasonable price . other posters have mentioned a fee for late check out . i have never had to pay extra for late check out . i asked for a Npm checkout and i was assured that it was not a problem . i enjoyed going to potters bar within the hotel . my friends and i were served promptly and the waitress was always checking on us . the price of drinks is reasonable . i would recommend the palmer house to anyone . it is a very nice hotel in a great location . 
this hotel is sterile , unfriendly and every time i check in here i feel like i ' m in a machine . i ' ve stayed here N times for conventions and almost every time here i get sick when i ' m here i ' m convinced their hvac system pumps dirty air into all the rooms . the c pushes lukewarm into the room all winter and the tiny rooms are just not comfortable . good luck printing a boarding pass in the lobby - they have some kind of crazy computer system that doesn ' t work . and get this , they charge you like N for internet in the rooms for each device you use . isn ' t that nice ? very hospitable . won ' t stay here again . the marriott miracle mile is a much nicer place . 
this is a massive hotel that appears to have many conventioneers , located just south of the loop in chicago . the location is not bad , however , it ' s a bit south for my liking to the magnificent mile , but is close to mccormack place and thus the appeal to those at conventions . i wouldn ' t want to be any further south than this , as the neighbourhood starts to get a bit " iffy " . the hotel is just huge inside , but check in was very smooth and incredibly pleasant . the hotel has a ton of elevator banks with comfortable sofas on each floor for you to sit in case there is a wait ( but there never was ) . the size of the hotel is obvious when you have to map out your journey to your room . many twists and turns await . . . . . . . . . . . its a huge hotel . the room was quite nice . large with two bathrooms ( it was not a suite either ) , however , i believe we did get an upgrade . hilton honours members get a coupon for complimentary bottled water and receive a usa today at their door the next morning . the beds were definitely on the small size . . . . . . . . . had a room with two very small double beds . tv was large - only problem . . . . you have to navigate through the usual solicitation to buy their movies before you get to normal tv . all the staff was very helpful and extremely pleasant . despite its size , this is a well run hotel with very content employees which makes all the difference in the world . no wonder this hotel has been a hilton landmark in chicago since the late Ns . 
room ( Nth floor ) wasn ' t huge but perfectly ok . there were no curtains but adjustable blinds , which made the room more spacious . location is a major plus and the price resulted in very good value for money . wifi didn ' t reach the Nth floor but was available ( free ) in the lobby area . the tremont should appeal mainly to the individual leisure traveller who dislikes large ( chain ) hotels . business travellers might miss an in-room internet connection and the lack of room service . the attached restaurant is fine but the evening i arrived ( late ) it was full and all i wanted was a quick bite to eat without having to find a restaurant . single traveller , london uk 
this was our first time at the allerton hotel . its location is great ! the hotel was most enjoyable . we especially enjoyed the bar area . we were there for three nights and started each evening by having drinks in the bar . while the drinks are not the least expensive , they are quite good . the bartender ( mark ) is great ! the room we had was also quite nice . the allerton is just steps away from the magnificent mile for easy access to shopping and dining . it ' s also within walking distance to navy pier . we ' d definitely return on the next trip to chicago . would recommend it for sure ! 
since we live in the chicago area , we were looking forward to spending a night in the city . we found the hotel uneventfully , but as we drove up to the hotel , we discovered that the one way street was now two way and there was no signage . there was no one outside to either take the car or tell us which way to go . we drove away and i called the hotel from my cell and was told , " i am with a customer and can ' t talk to you . " we drove around the block and tried again . this time there was a doorman who took the keys . the front desk check in was efficient , although not friendly . the room was small . the only chair was the one at the desk . the two " window seats " were built into the window wells and so high that i could only reach them by climbing up onto the bed . the closet held clothes that looked like someone had left them there on closer examination it was apparent they were for sale . the bathroom was nice but ordinary . the bath bombs were N . N apiece . was it worth N . N plus N . N in taxes and N . N for parking ? no . 
we had a good view , bed was comfortable . the room was small and pricey , i guess that is what you pay for location ! 
i booked this hotel via priceline . com and got a great deal for about N per night . the hotel is in a good location just a block away from michagan avenue . the hotel room was fine , no problems with it . room was really clean . we were located at the end of a corridor so we didnt have many people passing by , but you could hear people in the corridor when they were there . we didnt hear any noise from the rooms on either side of us though . breakfast is buffet style with the usual mix of hot and cold food . its N per person . houlihans next door does something similar but with less choice for N . check in and out was very quick . hotel staff all very friendly . parking very expensive but then all hotels in chicago are like this . no free wi-fi anywhere in the hotel which is a pity . i would stay here again . 
the conrad is among the best hotels in chicago and with some minor tweaking could be the very best value in town , if not the top-ranked property . we did encounter some minor problems with staff , as noted by other reviewers . upon checking in , we were sent to an occupied room . the front desk clerk simply wrote the wrong room on our key envelope ( N vs N , i think ) and it was a simple mistake . the guest already in the occupied room was good humored about it , luckily ! i also found the concierge to be quite aloof and would agree with other postings about the terrace restaurant . the one time we went out to have a drink , i felt like we were intruding . finally , there are noise issues between rooms . twice we had to call security in the middle of the night because folks from the wedding party next door were still in a mood to celebrate ! - ( however , a couple of little issues can ' t take away from the fact that the hotel is gorgeous . beautiful marble lobby , quick connections to the mall and street ( albeit with a bad two-elevator system ) , perfect chicago location and stunning guest rooms . our bathroom was huge and very clean , the bed was comfortable and we really liked the plasma tv with bose sound system ( which may be one reason the tv next door was so loud at times ) . overall , would stay at the conrad again and would recommend it to friends . 
i came from reynosa , tamaulipas , mexico to chicago driving my car . when i started to look for a hotel in chicago most of the hotels were so expensive and de cheaper ones were to far away from chicago , nothing in the downtown of chicago . finally with expedia i found this beautiful hotel ( chicago south loop hotel ) with the best prices and the best location . close we found train station , bus stop and less than N from the michigan lake . i got two bikes from mexico , one to my wife and other for me , everyday i go to the beach in the downtown in my bike . the hotel allowed to me to have the bikes on my room and there is also a free parking for my car . rooms are clean , wide . people of the reception desk are the best i have found in several trips . the building of the hotel is new , and this is very important i strongly recommend this nice hotel att . , fernando
we checked in around N N pm . bathroom toiletries were not replenished , and there was no bath mat . when we went to sleep , we took the pillows out of the closet , the cases had been used . they ran out of magnetic passes . we finally got one the morning we were to leave . this created a constant hassle because the hotel is incased in a security zone . parking is expensive . the garage is run separately . the people at the hotel could not tell us the cost . i can tell you now , it is N N hours and there are in and out fees , so if you take your car out , you will be charged more . both times i left the garage , there was a problem . once the card could not be read and the other , no receipt from the machine . both times they had to hand write a receipt for me as i was on business . i ' m still not sure i will get reimbursed as the receipts were written on scratch paper . beware of the hot buffet breakfast . the complimentary pass only covers one person from the double room . and i did find all the switching of elevators inconvenient . 
motel with ground and first floor only . i was on the ground floor and discovered during my stay that my bedroom windows were unlocked . as a solo female traveller this was not comforting to me neither were the two locks and a chain on my door . i slept very little due to feeling unsafe and due to what sounded like a generator machinery which i think was just under my room . this continued all night . they were unable to move me elsewhere . i was please to leave and i would not hurry back . cheap compared to many other hotels etc in the area . may be better for male travellers or groups
this hotel is great for a weekend in chicago . coming from someone who lives in chicago it ' s conveniently located to everything ! within walking distance to michigan avenue at anytime of year , on the river and centrally located in the great area of river north , full of amazing restaurants , bars , clubs and shopping ! additionally , our company hosts annual conferences at this location and the food , service and staff are very professionaly and great for corporate conferences and events ! 
i must say , i was a bit nervous after i booked this hotel seeing a mix of positive and negative reviews on trip advisor . i got an excellent deal on the hilton chicago via priceline . we are a couple in our late N ' s that drove down from wisconsin , parked at a blue line station , and rode in to the city via the blue line with a transfer to the red line . the hilton chicago is about N blocks away from the harrison red line . was a convenient way to save money on parking by taking the train , and the short walk to the hotel was not bad at all . upon entering the hotel , we were in awe of the beauty of the first floor . check-in took about N minutes due to their being a long line . we had a great room on the Nth floor with N full beds and N full bathrooms . as previous reviewers have stated , the beds and linens are very comfortable and clean . our room was very clean as well . there was a large flat screen tv on the bureau . plenty of room for N adults . again , gotta love the N bathrooms . i would say the only complaint i have was that the rooms were a bit warm and stuffy . air conditioner seemed to be set at N degree ' s which was a little too warm for our liking . we probably could have called the front desk and had this resolved , but really didn ' t spend enough time in the room to justify a call ( other than sleeping ! ) . on day N we ventured into the pool area . we wished we wouldn ' t have waited until our last day to check this out . after spending time in the pool and hot tub , we sat outside on the attached outdoor patio ( this all being on the Nth floor ) . there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance , or via a short ride on the red line . like i said , i had negative thoughts due to reviews i ' ve read prior to checking into this hotel . it ' s too bad others have had poor experiences , because we had a great experience ! i can ' t comment much on the restaurants in the hotel . we only stopped at the bar area near the concierge desk for a starbuck ' s coffee and pastry . coffee was reasonably priced , pastries were pricey , but that was expected . if you do wish to use the wireless internet , there is an additional charge for this . we chose not to use this as we both have iphones . due to the priceline savings , we saved about N off the price of this hotel . i think even if i did have to pay full price i would have written the same review and would have felt it still being worth full price . it was a great stay , and we ' ll definitely be back ! 
as a frequent traveler who depends on a reliable brand such as a ritz carlton or fairmount property , i was extremely impressed with the chicago conrad . the service was professional and friendly without being false . the appointments are comfortable and handsome . while the rooms aren ' t large , the layout is commodious . the bathroom is lovely , modern and quite spacious with a separate closed off toilet , allowing N people plenty of room for morning and evening ablutions . two names i must give honorable mention to . . . pooja at the front desk and asya as concierge . 
this hotel should do a complete renovation and try to find new solutions for their rooms . some bathrooms are extremely small ( too small ) 
we stayed here for a weekend in chicago and had a marvelous time . i thought the location was perfect , close enough to michigan avenue , restaurants , the el . . . our room and bathroom were plenty spacious - and my boyfriend is N ' N " so we are wary of space constraints . it had a lovely sitting area and i liked the chic decor . everything was easy from check-in to check-out . we also enjoyed our room service breakfast and our late night drinks in the bar . the only thing i would have liked was to have N bathrobes left for us and N cookies at turn-down - but that is only a minute little detail . i would definitely return . 
second time staying at the hyatt regency and the first time since their remodeling . i love the location of this hotel and the new remodeled rooms are great . my husband is a diamond member so we used one of his upgrades for a junior suite and the size and configuration of the room was perfect . great beds , great pillows and a shower with strong water pressure . those are the big three in my book . the reason i can not give it N stars is due to the attitude and service of everyone we encountered except for one employee in the club lounge . we stayed there N nights to attend a wedding over new year ' s , so that might be why we encountered so many problems . on the plus side , a manager called my husband the day after we returned to say that he had been told of our experiences and was calling to apologize and see what he could do to make the situation right . very , very impressive . needless to say , we are headed back to the windy city this summer to take in a cubs cardinals game and i have already made our reservation at the hyatt . also , food in the restaurant was really good as were the refreshments in the club lounge . 
as you ' ll see in other reviews , the staff here is pretty nice . sadly , the motel itself lacks some basics . we stayed in an upper floor ( there are two ) , and all room entrances are to the outside . i can only imagine the fun in the chicago winters , as there was a N N " gap at the front door . the room itself was euro-tiny . the double bed was firm , not quite rock-hard but uncomfortably close . there is a coffee maker , but no carafe , as the coffee exits into supplied styrofoam cups . there is a microwave and fridge , but there is but one tiny table afixed to the wall , and one chair . don ' t be a couple , please . there are no food preparation surfaces . the room ' s ac heater unit blows directly onto the bed hope you like the breeze . the walls are thin , and if you don ' t mind listening to the couple next door ' s sex life , you ' ll turn on the bathroom fan as we did . the bathroom door was incorrectly mounted and was difficult to close at all . the bathroom is tiny , and we surmise that larger people will have difficulty in it . there is supplied soap and body wash from dispensers in the shower tub . the room was clean , although one wall photo had somewhat melted from repeated bathroom condensation . the breakfast amounts to fruit , yogurt , and bagels dunkin donuts offerings , with coffee ( reasonable ) and tea . there is almost no place to sit perhaps three small cafe tables for all of the guests that want breakfast a bottom rung sort of endeavor . parking is tight , and it is close to the orange line shopping nearby if you need the i-N ramp to downtown and other destinations is a mile away . midway airport is about five minutes . the staff is genuinely helpful , and there are vehicles to take you places , like the airport , in a friendly way . the motel itself , however , is just not a very good value , in my opinion . 
this was our second time staying at this comfort inn . we were so impressed the first time we had to stay there again with our friend from ireland . the location is perfect and the rooms are nice , clean , and the perfect size . we will definately stay there on our next trip to chicago and our irish friend is recommending it to his friends who will be visiting chicago soon . 
this hotel was a pleasure . the location is excellent for finding your way around to the sights . the cool drinks waiting for you at all times were wonderful , as were the alcoholic beverages available at night . the concierge was a great help in getting around , as well as restaurant reccomendations . restaurant was also very good . cleanliness , upkeep and amenities within the room were all top notch . 
great hotel ! stayed there with my wife for one night , got a great deal from the hotel . amazing location , great staff . the bed was amazing and the pool and gym was also stacked with many machines and a great view while working out . the hotel staff is very very helpful , my wife forgot a pair of jeans and the mailed them back to us for free . i ' ve never seen so much of an effort from any staff . can ' t wait to stay again . 
i stayed at the allerton for a work conference and overall we all had a very good experience . because i was one of the conference coordinator i had a suite . it was one of the nicer suites i ' ve stayed in . the bed and pillows were comfortable . the room had two flat screen tvs and a ipod docking station . the bathroom was good , with a nice shower and good water pressure . the only issue i had with my room was N . there was no refrigerator to put odds and ends in and N . though there was a sink there were very few glasses and no plates or silverwear . the suite was quiet and i could not hear what was going on in the hallway of the hotel , but i could hear the firetrucks on the street from my room . when we were planning for the meeting conference we were concerned about our dealings with the reservation staff - they often mispronounced the hotel name and got our reservations all messed up . however the staff at the hotel were very nice and all very responsive to our needs . we used the renasissance ballroom for our meeting conference and everyone loved the room - the high ceilings , the windows , the new carpeting , etc . 
the w lakeshore is located along the water and seems like a great location for the warmer months . we were about a N minute walk to michigan avenue , where all of the shopping is . overall , we had a very nice stay at the w . the lobby is very cool and club-like . our room was more simple than i would have thought . since i had stayed at the w in montreal , i would have expected more color and fur ! the room was asian inspired and i did like the lounge chaise and the window with shutters that opened into the room . the staff was nice and helpful when asked , but did not go above and beyond . we were happy with the value that we received considering we spent about N a night . it was clean and comfortable . 
i stayed here in november N with my wife who was attending a conference . the conference had arranged hotel rates and we paid N taxes per night , which i think was a fair rate but not spectacular value . the hotel does seem to be situated a little out on a limb location-wise but the property itself is pretty smart . we had a king bed room which was at the end of a corridor . it seems that the end rooms are slightly smaller than the normal ones due to having to pinch a bit of the space for the entryway . the hotel was last refurbished ( whether it was new then or not i ' m not sure ) in N so it still feels fresh and new . the room was an ok size but nothing spectacular , but the bed was comfortable and there was good desk space for working . the tv was a nice lcd one with a large screen . the bathroom was a little disappointing - the basin unit seemed to be something much more in keeping with a holiday inn express , but this is a minor matter . the hotel restaurant is very good for breakfast and reasonable value too , certainly compared to uk prices - don ' t bother with the buffet , order something cheaper off the menu as this will fill you up nicely . the concierge was very helpful , getting a reservation last minute for N people at a nice seafood restaurant . all other staff were very professional too . the only thing i didn ' t like about the hotel was the air conditioning . it was far too noisy and kept me awake at night , hence the N blob rating . 
my boyfriend and i went here to celebrate our N year anniversary and were very pleased ! the location is great , in fact we were in walking distance to all the main attractions ! staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was modern and clean . the price was decent especially with valet parking . i would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone ! ) 
we stayed in room N which was nice . the location is very convenient to michigan ave shopping and restaurants . N for spaciousness , N for the small but adequate heated pool , N for the small but adequate fitness center , N for the surprisingly good room service food , N for the service . N for dated decor , with all the other things going for it the omni deserves an update . at least buy some fluffy new pillows guys - i ' d be willing to pay more for the room ! 
we stayed at the allerton from july N-Nth . i surprised my boyfriend with a trip for his birthday . at first everything was wonderful ! they upgraded our room to a suite with no charge and the concierge recommended wonderful places to eat ! the location is great if you ' re there to shop . so basically everything was great until we got home got our bank statement ! they charged us N . N for a smoking fee in a non-smoking room ! funny thing is neither of us smoke ! ! ! ! ! so we got the bank statement called the hotel who supposedly has pictures of this still haven ' t gotten a call back so they can show us these so called " pictures " ! so now we have to go through the entire dispute with our bank because they won ' t call us back ! right before we went there the only bad thing i heard from people is that charges have appeared on peoples credit card on " accident " . i didn ' t think this would be a problem considering we booked through expedia . i recommend if you stay at this hotel , book through a travel agency give them a fake credit card to hold when you check in because from what it sounds like N of the time they will overcharge you ! i am appalledthey would charge us with smoking when i think smoking is absolutely disgusting ! if you like taking risks with your money then stay here ! otherwise i would recommend a different hotel ! 
this hotel was awesome because we drove to chicago and it ' s right off of the highway . i liked that it wasn ' t downtown but that cabs were cheap and readily available ! 
stayed over feb . N-N , N . . . very cold outside , very nice inside . the staff at this hotel was awesome , even though they were freezing inside the lobby due to a water line break . the hotel is located two short blocks east of the michigan mile , near a post office , restaurants , and public transportation on ontario street . the king room we had was immaculately clean , one of the cleanest we have ever stayed in . the morning breakfast was very good , with waffles , breakfast sandwiches , hot oatmeal , cereal , etc . if you leave hungry , it ' s your fault . then entire staff was very personable , cheerful , and went out of their way to please us and other guests . it ' s about an N . N cab ride from the hotel to union station , and we were right on the bus lines we needed to go to the various attractions , like navy pier and the museums . we highly recommend getting a cta visitor pass and map , and it ' s not hard to travel in chicago . all in all , we will return again and stay at this hotel . 
the location of the hotel is very convenient . a lot of restaurants nearby within walking distance such as mcdonald ' s , portillo ' s , hardrock cafe , rainforest cafe , etc . you can walk to michigan ave . ( the magnificent mile ) in minutes . the rooms are newly renovated . the staffs are very friendly . don ' t forget to purchase your tickets for various attractions in chicago at the hotel desk as they offer tickets at a discounted price and could save you a lot of money on admission fees . we only knew this at the last day of our stay and is not benefits from it . may i suggest the hotel should post a flyer in every room so that hotel guests are well inform ahead . 
as a business-person and frequent traveler i have to say that my stay for new years eve at the chicago hyatt was the worst experience i have ever had in a hotel world wide . from the over-priced room with a view ( dirty windows looking at the river ? ) to the smoke-smell to the messed up dinner reservations . the list goes on . we gladly paid the full all access , up-graded room cost , trusting hyatt for a great new years and my wife and i were sadly disappointed to the point of checking out at Nam new years day to drive back home . 
last trip to chicago , i stayed at the palomar based upon tripadvisor ' s recommendations . i found the room cozy and the staff friendly helpful . it was a block away from a conference i attended as well . the wine hour and breakfast were nice touches at the palomar . this time , i decided to try trump international hotel . the location was far superior to that of the palomar ' s with engaging views of the river and skyline . the architecturally striking trump hotel was within walking distance of most attractions . every convenience was at this hotel from a television in the bathroom mirror to a phone near the toilet ( i didn ' t use either but think this would be appealing to most people ) . my only criticism was that the bed was too soft for me . pillow service was available , but i did not use it . morning gourmet tea and coffee were available near the elevators . the room had tea and a coffeemaker too . i also appreciated the kitchenette in the room to reheat leftovers from a restaurant or to microwave water for tea . a welcoming box of chocolates on the bed was a nice touch . i did not use the fitness center , but it was much more impressive than the palomar ' s , as was the large indoor poo , which i did use . there was a spa and lockeroom with a steamroom and sauna . at the recommendation of staff , i took the architectural boat tour of the historical society . i would have to say that the architectural boat tour of the architectural school , which i took last visit , was better . 
laurelin provided great personal service , which made my trip that much better in a city that i very much enjoy visiting for business and pleasure . 
i attempted to make reservations at this hotel for the nra show this may N and spoke with the reservations manager ( vanessa ) about a certain promo that the online system was not accepting , she took my name and number and said she would call me back . the next day , i didn ' t hear from her , so the following day after that i called and was connected to her voicemail to leave a message , i left the message to please call me . she still to this day ( N weeks later ) has not called me back . so , what does that tell me ? it tells me that she doesn ' t want to deal with me as a prosective customer . so , if i am not a very important customer when making a reservation , how am i going to be important when i spend N per night to stay at their hotel ? being a hospitality student myself , i believe this is not the way to treat your customers , by ignoring them . moving on to the " w " hotel . 
fairmont always does a great job and their chicago property is a prime example of that . the hotel is lovely , service first rate , rooms are lovely with a contemporary flair and the bathrooms are large . we stayed in a " pure " king room , and were upgraded to a higher floor with a lovely view of lake michigan and millennium park . the windows open , so if you are like me and crave the fresh air , you are in luck . the bed was extrememly comfortable and the room also had a desk with chair and a couch with a coffee table . very roomy , very nice . we had breakfast one morning in aria and while it was expensive , you expect that in a beautiful hotel . the service was outstanding . they offered a georgous buffet breakfast , very much like the ones you see in europe . we didn ' t opt for this , but i looked amazing . the location suited us fine . . . you could wak to shopping on michigan avenue or to the theatre district . everything was conveniently located . i would highly recommend this splendid hotel to friends . 
we stayed here for N days in early october , and as it was so cheap compared to other hotels we ' d seen we weren ' t expecting much , but it was in a good location , fairly quiet , and secure . it was clean and comfortable . the air conditioning unit was pre-historic so was a bit noisy when we were trying to sleep , and the windows weren ' t exactly big and bright , but in a city like this i think this would be pretty standard . of the five hotels on our trip ( the others all a lot more pricey ) this was the only one which had tea coffee making facilities in the room . there was no safe . the entrance hall smelt a bit musty , but the room was fine ! it is a very ' motel ' style and we chose a first floor rather than ground floor ( there are only N floors ) and i would recommend that for peace and quiet . it was smaller than it looks in the photos but that wasn ' t necessarily a bad thing . overall good value for money , and i would stay there again if i was on a budget . although i ' ve marked it as average it was good ( just not quite a very good ! ) . 
just returned from a two night stay at the hampton inn downtown . it was our first trip to chicago and we found this hotel to be in a great location . it was an easy walk to michigan avenue and also all the great restaurants in the river north area . our room was very clean and had an updated bathroom and the " new " hampton inn beds . i love the fact that they now wash all the bedding after each guest including the duvet cover . the breakfast area was very nice with plenty of seating . it seemed much larger than those in most hamptons . there was a small ( but nice ) indoor pool that our kids really enjoyed after long hot days of touring . at just over N per night , we felt this hotel was a great value considering its location in the heart of downtown . we would definitely stay here again . 
visited chicago for our honeymoon and stayed at the seneca for its location and good priced i recieved . this was our biggest regret of our trip . the hotel was very run-down ! our ' suite ' was basically a run-down used efficiency apartment . i would not recomment this hotel ! my husband and i also witnessed a male N week tenant at the lobby atm with a questionable woman . we rode the elevator to the same floor and witnessed that they did not know each other and she followed him into his room . we did not feel safe at all due to the old doors and locks and kept a chair under the doorknob each night . 
staff was nice , the bed was comfortable , the room was fine . the room was cozy . great bathroom . the problem for me is that the hotel seems to be trying just a bit too hard to evoke a high-energy and cool vibe , which to me was simply irritating . if you like continuous loud music , garish lobby decor , dizzying Nd imagery ( and loud music ) in the elevators , then this place is for you . also , internet in the room is not free , though it is free in the lobby . 
fabulous stay ! chief consierge peggi is awesome ! one call and she got to work . a very special birthday weekend with my N year old father was made even more special by peggi ' s touches . she arrange for adjoining rooms , made lunch reservations close by , a special dessert - on the house - was presented after our meal . hints on how and where to see the city from atop a skyscraper was very helpful , avoiding lines and standing . dinner reservations near the chicago symphony were made and again , another birthday dessert - happy Nth birthday ! arriving back in our room , we were surprised with a platter of chocolate brownies and fruit . wow ! my dad is still talking about the great trip and the great hotel -- " how did they know it was my birthday everywhere we went ? " the rooms were very comfortable , clean and quiet . many , many thanks again ! rod and nancy
hotel was clean , spacious , good location and good value for money . only criticism i would say is that it ' s right next to the fire department , therefore can be a little noisy at times , certainly not enough to stop me coming back . overall , very good . 
i stayed at the sofitel in downtown chicago may N-N , N , and they delivered a great product once again . our room was ready upon our arrival , the front desk personnel was very friendly and efficient . the lobby and outside dining complements the contemporary hotel , and the beautiful people were out in full force ! the room itself met all expectations -- comfortable bed , efficient layout , nice flat-panel tv , generous bathroom with separate tub shower . the pillows weren ' t all that comfortable ( only one style ) , and our view ( room N ) was a parking lot condo building -- these are the only negative things i can say about our stay . we did not eat at the restaurant , or use any other facilities . however , the hotel was perfect for our business trip . the hotel is well located just two blocks from michigan avenue , starbucks ( one block ) , urban outfitters , anthropologie , and many other great retail options nearby . the red line elevated train stops just two blocks from the hotel ( chicago avenue stop ) , so easy to get here from the airports . 
great service , accommodations , food and experience . . one of the best stays at any hotel we ' ve gone to . 
granted , i was there the thursday night before st patrick ' s day through the day after but still , with single-paned floor-to-celing , windows , i heard every whistle , horn beeping and voice . and the light blocking shades still let a fair amount of light in got a great group rate of N night or so , staff was friendly and attentive and the restaurant was really good , but i was there for a multi-day nonprofit board meeting and was thoroughly exhausted from not being able to sleep . 
i had mixed feelings about our stay after reading reviews on this site and tripadvisor , but this is what i came away with . . . though not the most amazing hotel in chicago , by far , the wyndham chicago was still a great stay for me and my wife . if you make under Nk a year and are just in chicago to enjoy yourself , and have some fun , it will probably be just fine . if you make over Nk a year or have a trust fund , drive something like an audi or a porsche , and are looking to show off to your family and friends , you might want to stay somewhere else . yes , there are some stains in the hallways , the wi-fi ( plus other additional add-ons after what you ' ve already paid ) is kind of a joke , there are some a few minor things that could use updating replacing , and they are still working with N ' tube televisions . but overall , we were more than happy with our stay . the price was not too bad , the room was clean , current updated , represented well by the pictures we saw online , ( what we saw was what we got ) the bed was very comfortable , the hotel was close to alot of the main commercial business , the view was nice , ( Nth floor ) and the staff , though not exactly singing and dancing for us , were perfectly fine , and not rude . i guess it just depends on what degree of spoil you want have when it comes to hotels and accommodations or what you are accustomed to . btw- at that height , the ambulance sirens ( due to a hospital across the street ) were still a little loud and obvious but were not a bother to us . its just seemed like part of life in the big city . no problems sleeping . enjoy ! 
my friend came out to visit for a spa weekend and my daughter recommended we try this hotel . the hotel was beautiful . the rooms were gorgeous and so so nice . it was worth taking cabs to michigan ave . to stay at such a wonderful place . the staff was so courteous and super friendly . the fellow who helped us get our cabs was so extremely nice . the food at the florentine was delicious . when i arrived home from the weekend , i realized i forgot my make-up in my room . i called the next morning and the person who worked in lost and found was very helpful . he said he would go across the street immediately and fed ex my makeup back to me . i got it the very next day . my husband and i are going downtown in december . we will definitely be spending the night at the jw marriott
we just got home from a long spring break week-end at the hyatt . i booked the room via priceline and got a pretty good rate . after reading some of the reviews on here , i was a little worried that we would dissapointed . however , we were not . the room was nice , clean and had a great view of the river and the navy pier . we stayed on the Nth floor of the west tower . the location great for catching the bus to get around , and you can walk to the shops on mich . ave . the staff was friendly . only complaint - no pool . 
let me start by saying my car while parked in their free parking was damaged ! ! they have yet to contact me back i have called and emailed them ! ! do not stay here ! ! the free parking is not worth it when your lights get busted out ! ! ! ! 
the location of this place is one of the best things about it , three blocks to mag mile , walking distance to restaurants and if you want something for in your room whole foods is around the corner . the room itself has fairly basic decor but with full length windows and a glass floor to ceiling shower . the ceiling does have this unfinished look that makes you wonder if its a decorating choice or if they ran out of sheet rock and plaster . be aware though since it is downtown the rooms can be kind of noisy at night and the window treatments do not block the noise . the beds are made of that memory foam stuff which personally i hate but it was ok for a N nite stay . don ' t understand the comments about the staff they seemed very helpful when i came in and when i saw them assisting others . remember your not buying the place its a short term rental for business or pleasure . . . the key is it is a good location and reasonably priced ! valet your car at about N which is average for downtown chicago . 
we recently stayed at the wyndham for a family vacation to chicago . the hotel is certainly geared for the business convention visitor with room service and resteraunt prices that were well outside our budget . having said that , the location is fantastic for exploring the magnificent mile . while the room was not particularly large for the four of us it was what i expected and was clean . there is a corner bakery straight across the road where we got our breakfast each day and gino ' s east pizza is only N blocks away ( deep dish heaven ! ! ) . the kids enjoyed the pool although it is quite small and i could imagine it filling up quickly in the summer . the staff were friendly and helpfu . overall a good stay but not a hotel particularly aimed at families . 
this is really a great place to stay . we have stayed here many different times and have always enjoyed our experience here . the staff is great . most times you have a view of a river even if you ' re not in a river view room . you a near state street shopping , near the " el " train , and there are many shops in the basement area that adjoins to hotel . . . nail salon , starbucks , kinko ' s just name a few . a highly recommend . . . . . . 
we always try to stay at la quinta inn suites . we find them to be very clean with the right price . the chicago downtown location was no exception , plus it was modern , accommodating , and located close to the trains and attractions we were interested in . i know we will stay at this hotel again ! 
pros modern decor location , location , location wonderful shower great free gym cons charge for wi-fi bathroom light too dim for makeup application
stayed here for a conference in chicago . pros great breakfast buffet . managers reception is very nice too . beds were comfortable . elevators are fast . cons housekeeping needs improvement . asked the lady if she would clean our room next . she said yes . so i left for a short while . when i came back our room was not done . so i found the lady once again just one room down from ours . i asked her if she would clean ours next which she replied yes she would . i left again for a few hours . when i came back our room was not cleaned . so i waited a few hours thinking she just got busy and forgot . at about Npm i went down to the front desk . i told them about housekeeping . they sent someone up to clean it . N minutes later the room was cleaned . make sure to check your receipt before you leave . we received someone elses receipt . along with a bill for internet charged to our cc . internet was included in our stay . had we not checked that they would have charged our cc . i wonder how many people do not check their receipts and get billed for things they thought were included in their stay . heard sirens all day long . 
overall a very pleasant stay . rooms are beautiful , well-designed and have a lot of thoughtful amenities . got a good deal during the holidays , and would definitely stay again . two things i don ' t understand though first - they have removed their minibars , leaving an unplugged fridge behind ? why ? no cold sodas for this guest unless i order them from room service or go to the bar i guess . a very strange choice for an upscale hotel . second - a couple of days before my arrival i tried to add some nights , and all three ended up on separate reservations . they couldn ' t or wouldn ' t combine them , so i had to re-check-in every afternoon . otherwise nice . 
we have stayed in a few embassy suite hotels - in washington dc , in monteray bay ca , and in new york . we ' re a family of five , with three young boys . so finding a room for five is never easy , and the esh chain are always accommodating . this one , whilst presentationally impressive , has a few flaws that made this less good than the others , in my humble opinion . the good things - big room , smart decoration throughout hotel , and good room facilities ( microwave and fridge ) - friendly and helpful staff - good value for money - we paid about N for two nights ' stay the less good things - really thin walls - we were unlucky that we had a noisy family next door . but even when their kids weren ' t shouting , you could hear everything . i think this is a pretty dire problem , especially if you sleep lightly . everytime their room door shut , our room shook ! - breakfast was a bit disappointing - no fruit salad on the first morning ( just oranges and bananas in a bowl ) , and a selection that generally compared badly with other eshs we have stayed at . - no mugs at breakfast or in the room . everything was polystyrine cups , which is not how i want my coffee in the morning - unless i am on a building site . and a lot of the cutlery was disposable plastic too . not very environmentally friendly . but also generally just not very nice . - huge qs for the complimentary evening drinks - it took a good ten minutes to get a ( small ) drink from the bar . which made the whole managers reception thing a bit of a drag . we didn ' t bother the second evening ( when the qs were just as bad ) . they really do need more bar staff for the rush hour . i felt a bit cheated . the verdict if you need a room for N , this isn ' t a bad option at all . but if your personal circumstances mean you don ' t , i ' d recommend looking elsewhere . i think you can get better , especially in the winter . 
fantastic entry-way lounge , but unfortunately , that is the best part of the hotel . checked in and was told i was being upgraded ( and paid for it ) . room was just as small as others , with a bonus of a mildew smell in the carpet . i could have changed rooms if i wanted to pay more . . . . . ? you read that right . not what i would expect from a hilton . 
we stayed one night with N of our grandchildren . our plans included the aquarium and this is a wonderful hotel for access to the museum campus and grant park . we took the south shore train from michigan city and it was an easy walk from the Nth st . roosevelt rd . stop . we arrived early and our room was ready so we got to drop our bags and begin our adventure . when we returned to the hotel , our boys ( aged almost N to N ) enjoyed the swimming pool and the outdoor deck on the Nth floor . we were close to the bus stop and also the cta so it was a breeze to get to navy pier , sears ( willis ) tower , the restaurants we wanted to go to and also a short walk to millenneum park . we needed more towels for the N of us and within minutes of calling the front desk they were delivered . we had a room on the Nth floor with a view of the museum campus , bears stadium , and lake michigan . there was a mini fridge and a coffeemaker in the beautifully decorated room . the beds were super comfy . it was our Nrd time staying at this hotel and we would go back in a minute . 
i stayed at the seneca for four nights this week . i thought the location and the value for money were excellent . the front of house staff were very friendly and helpful and i felt safe and welcomed there . the rooms were clean and well equipped . the hotel is right next door to the john hancock tower , and only two blocks away from the ' miracle mile ' shopping district . there isn ' t a subway station nearby , but there are many buses that go up n michigan ave , and taxis in the downtown area were very cheap . breakfast isn ' t included , but there is a nice cafe in the ' arcade ' level of the hotel . my room also had a little kitchenette and i bought some groceries from potash bros grocery store nearby for my breakfasts . there wasn ' t any public internet access but the receptionist directed me to a nearby kinkos ( or you could try your luck at the apple store on n michigan avenue ! ) . one suggestion i would make if you like to sleep in after daybreak is to bring an eye mask . my room only had very light louvre blinds and so i was woken at Nam every morning by the sun ! 
flight to chicago was cancelled but still charged for full night room . decided to stay next night and was not offered any kind of upgrade or apology or reason to come back . fees for fitness center and inattentive to room issues
this was our first time in chicago and wanted to stay in a central hotel . we were not disappointed . the hotel is right in the centre of everything , only a few feet away from the magnificent mile shopping district , many tourist attractions and loads of bars and restaurants . the room was so spacious , clean and had everything we needed . would definitely stay here again on our next trip to chicago . 
Nth stay at the james . quick weekend getaway . this time we upgraded to a suite , the weather was rainy and planned to spend more time in the room . always helpful service from the desk and concierge . flat screen tvs in both large rooms , well supplied bar with glasses and tools . trader joes across the street to acquire happy hour supplies . the bathrooms in the regular rooms are small , so we appreciated the huge bathroom and large shower in the suite . location on ontario is convenient to everything downtown . we always stay here or the sofitel . sofitel is nicer ( and larger ) , but prices are often better at the james . j bar not quite as popular as it was in the past but still ok . 
first of all , although they confirmed adjoining suites , when we checked in , they didn ' t adjoin . the desk clerk couldn ' t seem to understand what we were saying . but , eventually , she straightened it out . and the concierge sent us to an excellent restaurant -- but he gave us the wrong directions , causing us to get lost for a half hour or so . but , these were the only problems . the omni is excellent in all respects . we had nice suites on the Nst floor looking north on the mag mile . outside of the two minor glitches above , it ' s a great place to stay and i ' d do it again . 
as i start all reviews , please take a look and see how many hotels i ' ve reviewed , i ' m not a jaded one time traveler . i travel often and feel i have a good base to write a good overall review . i ' d also like to say i love fairmont hotels , i ' ve stayed in several and do prefer them to other N star properties ( usually ) before my stay i checked the ta reviews as i often do and was surprised by the amount of negative reviews . but i do take negative reviews with a grain of salt of the person writing the review has only written one review . this stay at fairmont chicago was surprising to say the very least . upon arrival the valet was very prompt taking our luggage and parking our car . the lobby is really outstanding , it ' s very new and modern . the service was lacking , usually if you are a presidents club - premier you ' re really rolled out the red carpet . this did not happen , honestly the man checking us in didn ' t even acknowledge it . at no point did he ask of we would like to upgrade to gold or if we wanted any reservations for dinner or the spa . the elevators are quick ( which i love ) we booked a " parkview suite " on the Nth floor . the room was huge ( living , dining , separate bedroom and large bath ) as stated in other reviews the rooms are missing something . i don ' t know if it was because it was a suite but the room had a cold empty feel . the room did have the usual great bedding and comfortable bed in room coffee full mini bar . it appears that when the last renovation took place it was done quickly and no attention to detail . the paint was chipping in several areas , the bathroom door was out and out dirty the sprinkler head in the bathroom was falling out of the ceiling the pocket door for the water closet did not close . the bath did have an updated sink , mirror , tile and shower which were very nice and on par with other fairmonts . another huge disappointment was the lack of plugs and odd places for the light switches . in the bedroom there were two useable plugs and they were across the room one behind a heavy bench the other under the window so if you wanted to charge your phone by the bed you couldn ' t . our room was right next to the elevators and unlike other reviews we had no issue , it just sounded like the wind blowing ( and they don ' t have a bell that dings ) as a presidents club member their workout gear is usually waiting in the room again that was not the case , turndown service was sporadic of the N nights only turned down twice . ( i can close my own drapes but if you ' re going to do it be consistent ) during the times we were turned down we received bottled water and a piece of paper with the next days forecast ( at other locations these are nicely printed , here is was a very old copy of a copy with the info hand written ) my biggest point of frustration was we decided to add a day to our stay . this in my opinion should not be complicated , yet the front desk seemed as if it was the biggest request ever made . first we were told sure that wouldn ' t be a problem , then received a call that our current suite was booked and would have to move to a standard room we said fine , then we were told we could stay in the room and then another call to see if we were checking out and then received a voicemail stating we wouldn ' t have to change rooms . to me it appears as if the right hand isnt speaking to the left . on top of all that once we returned to the hotel at Npm we reached our room on the Nth floor to find our keys didn ' t work . we then got to stand in a line for N minutes so we could get our keys re-activated . at all the other fairmonts i ' ve stayed i like to view our guest folio via the tv . this location does not offer the option . the concierge was great , was able to give great transportation tips and suggest good restaurants . ( shaws crab house , gaylord indian ) the hotel restarant for dinner was outstanding , the food , service and even the decor excellent . it is really top notch and again on par with other fairmonts . sadly the breakfast was a total joke . im sorry but N bucks for N eggs is a joke . they may claim that the pricing is comparable with other hotels but i still think to price gouge your customers who just paid for hotel room with you is not right . we do have some great tips , the hotel does not make you aware but they are connected with the chicago pedway system . you can walk from the hotel all the way to macys state street ( aka marshall fields ) without setting foot outside . it is a little confusing and poorly marked but sooooo convenient with the harsh chicago winters . after seeing the breakfast prices at the hotel we were able to take the pedway to " wildberry " the breakfast is truly excellent ( ate there all N days ) , everything is fresh and the prices are in line with what they should be . as stated the pedway came in handy , you can also take it to the train station and a mall on state street . granted if you look at a map they are only a block or two from michigan ave , but to get to the good shopping you must take a taxi or bus . you can walk to state street for shopping but mich ave is far better . overall would i recommend this hotel ? no . this is a nice hotel but does not live up to fairmont high standards i ' ve received at the other properties . i would have felt very cheated and most likely addressed these issues with the manager if i ' d paid full price but they offered a good winter deal . . for the price i ' d as you can read in my other reviews recommend the four seasons or ritz if for a N star i ' d go with the intercontinental . those are are very central and very high quality . if you have a chance to ever stay with fairmont from my past travels i ' d recommend them N ( except this one ) happy travels ! cheers ! 
stayed here for a week while attending a conference . as a first timer to chicago , the hotel ' s location couldn ' t be faulted , opening up straight on to michigan avenue . and location is really the selling point here , as otherwise , this was a distinctly average hotel . the internet access was expensive , the beds were a bit soft , the bathroom was small , and i just don ' t really think the hotel offered an awful lot to justify its cost . i should make it clear that there was nothing intrinsically bad about the hotel , or my stay . the staff were helpful , and the room was always kept cleaned . but the room was a touch dark , and the whole place was just , average , which when you ' re looking at N a night isn ' t really good enough . chicago is an amazing city though ! 
we loved our brief stay in the fairfield inn in downtown chicago . from our call to book the room , where we met jennifer , who was most helpful and super-groovy , to the friendly doorman who advised us well about nearby restaurants , to the valet parking guy , the staff seems to have gotten it just right . firing on all cylinders as an accommodations team . we will definitely be back . a nice combination of reasonable price and friendly service - and location , location , location . 
got a fantastic deal on our stay here so want to honor that fact while pointing out some disappointments . most noteworthy . . . size - this place is a monster . we ' re smart people and had some problems navigating the hotel . for instance , getting to the health club is no small feat ( and it ' s not well located ) . service - we didn ' t have the easiest stay imaginable . arrived super late , had to change rooms mid-way though , etc . through all of this , the service we received was quite good . at times , the lines at the front desk were brutal , but staff members seemed to stay very positive . room - well updated within the past few years , but the rooms feel a bit cramped and dark . also , they felt a bit grimy . this is what happens when you update an old ( but not old enough to be charming ! ) building - it never really feels polished . 
bad management . . . . i am not talking about the house maids they service was good but the high level management are mean . . . . they try to charge for everything . . . 
we go to chi-town every thanksgiving so we have stayed at several downtown hotels . the sheraton mag mile N points was a nice hotel and i would recommend . great location , a block off mag mile and close to bunches of restaurants . room was well appointed and had microwave and frig which always comes in handy . beds were fine , but i didn ' t notice anything " special " about them . staff was courteous and always looked up and said hello . i had prepaid reservations well in advance and had asked for a room w a street view . . . but didn ' t get one . that would be my only complaint w the hotel -- it is only N floors and where it is located there would be few rooms w a view . 
we chose this hotel for the location and the hot breakfast . it did not disappoint us . the breakfast had eggs , sausage or bacon with all the usual carbs ! it was great not having to search for places to eat in the morning when we had such a short time to explore chicago . we had a king bed on our reservation but there weren ' t any available but got a queen . it was a good thing as the room was extremely small but very compact . it was fine for our N night stay but anything else would have been a challenge . all of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful with whatever we needed . later in the month we stayed at the holiday inn express o ' hare and had the same good experience with the breakfast and the staff . the room was bigger due to the size and age of the hotel . we will use the holiday inn express again on our next adventure . 
my daughter and i have stayed here N years in a row , on our annual trek to chicago . for starters , the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful--this year a focus of our trip was american girl for my daughter ' s birthday , and they arranged for doll beds for her two dolls ( at no extra charge ) . the hotel itself is lovely the rooms are large , everything is new clean , the extras are great ( a microwave and a usable fridge--not an overpriced snack machine--in every room ) , and the location is stellar . we love chicago anyway , but staying at this four points right off the mag mile is just perfection . we will always stay at this four points when visiting chicago ! 
the tip is . . . . . . there are no tips accepted . this is the first hotel that offers incredible service and does not accept tips . the conceirge and the entire staff takes great pride in meeting all of your needs during your stay . we really enjoyed our stay , and will be booking another trip room soon . 
this hotel is very interesting . it occupies the top floor of an office building . as a result of this , the check-in , parking , finding , going up ( and up then up again ) , etc procedure are a little clumsy . all that clumsiness ( which considering they only have N rooms is managed expertly ) was worth it once we got into our room ! the room , a standard room , is spacious and had a fabulous view . we had a north view with willis tower on the right and the lake on the left , and at N floors up , it ' s impressive . the room was also very quiet . with only N rooms at the property , even at capacity , this place would not be noisy . our stay was a saturday , so i would imagine that considering this hotel is located in an office building near the chicago board of trade , it might be a little noisy during the week , but i can ' t comment on that . the bathroom was spacious with a deep tub and separate toilet room . the " hall " of the room had a wet bar but no fridge or microwave . opposite the wet bar was another counter with the coffee maker ( pretty good coffee ) and some counter space we used to hold a cooler . the bed was comfortable , and while the el is below you , you only barely hear it if you really try ( remember how high up you are ) . the " athletic " club is an executive club located on the Nrd floor of the building , was only open till N on saturday and was closed on sunday . we were able to get some use out of it , and it was very nice . would have been very disappointed if it had been closed the entire time were there ( i . e . if we had checked in after N and only then maybe had sunday - club claims seasonal hours on sundays ) . the travel procedure to the club is similar to the parking , involving three elevators . i don ' t think the club and its amenities are well designed for kids , as we don ' t have any , but you may want to call and find if kid friendly . the parking garage ( oh yeah , they say it ' s N day - we only paid N - not well marked with accurate pricing ) isn ' t well marked where you need to go , but once parked had to buzz a security guard to open a door , then cross another basement , then up the first elevator to the lobby . deal with the nice and helpful security guards in the lobby , then the lobby desk to the hotel . once checked in , took a second elevator to the Nth floor , transfer to the hotel elevator to go up one floor , then finally there . the lounge is nice and equipped with an office computer and a southern view . the ice machine really needs to be higher powered as it barely kept up . the continental breakfast was good and sufficient , no complaints . the wireless internet ( free ) seemed sufficient and fast enough for what we used of it . we peeked into the restaurant ( smelled fantastic ) and it seemed very upscale ( we were concerned with dress code ) . looked at a menu , and it was a little out of our price range for the evening - they provide " course " meals starting at N person , but the selection looked great and the guards in the lobby were chatting it up between themselves . overall , the view and seclusion of this hotel give you a nice homely feel , and it quickly became our " place in the city " when we come visit . 
i enjoyed my stay very much . the hotel was lovely , i had a view of the beautiful city right out my window . customer service is top of the line ! loved it . wanted to bring home my bed it was so comfy ! 
just back from a N night stay at the omni hotel with my husband and daughter ( in her N ' s ) . from the moment we arrived to when we departed we thanked our lucky stars that we had booked this hotel . from the front door staff through to housekeeping we have never encountered such pleasant , friendly , helpful and courteous staff . omni management - you should be very proud of all your staff - but in particular jacob . he went out of his way to be helpful to us and always with a genuine welcome and smile . we were met at reception by a lovely lady with a great smile ( and a fabulous swarovski ring my daughter went la la about ! ! ) and check in was quick and efficient . our bags were brought up to our room quickly . the location of the omni is perfect as you just walk around the corner and you are on michegan ave - opposite the apple store and a short walk north to the john hancock building and N mall and south to shops at north bridge , wrigley building and water taxis . navy pier is approx N-Nmins walk and well worth the walk - its a fantastic place to spend the afternoon and our bonus was the air show was on that weekend - fabulous . we also took in the blue man group show , tickets to which the concierge at the omni arranged for us . concierge service there is second to none and will do bookings or check timetables - any info you want they will get for you . we loved our room on the Nth floor - a corner suite which looked out on huron st . king size bed in our room and so very comfortable . our room was spotless as was the entire hotel and housekeeping came everyday with fresh towels . we loved the turndown service each evening - so welcoming to come back to after a long day sightseeing or shopping . we joined the select guest service and got free newspaper and selection of N drinks per guest each morning delivered to the room . nice pool and gym although pool is a little on the small side . we did not eat at the hotel as there are so many great places to eat within walking distance - eggsperience on N w ontario is not to be missed especially for breakfast - wow you will not need to eat for the rest of the day . it is reasonably priced and staff are extremely pleasant and friendly . also the rose bud italian on north rush st where the food is top class and service excellent and prices good . we loved everything about chicago and cant wait to go back - the shopping and sightseeing were brilliant but the omni hotel was best of all N and will our first choice when we hit chicago again - hopefully that will be real soon ! ! ! ! i highly recommend this hotel - like us you wont be sorry . thank you omni - take a bow . 
we visited chicago in october N when we were in town for the chicago marathon . i believe we booked our room via discount internet outlet , but cannot be sure of which one , so i hesitate to name it here . this particular w hotel ' s location ( chicago city center ) could not have been more fantastic for pur purpose-- we were within a few blocks of the start finish line . but it was also a fabulous location for simply exploring the city-- we were easily able to walk a few blocks to the train , to local shopping ( the historic marshall field ' s , now a macy ' s ) , and to michigan avenue , with the gorgeous parks and best public art in the world ! the sears tower was minutes away in the opposite direction . our room was absolutely tiny , but very cute and comfortable . the service at the hotel was amazing , as to be expected , and the concierge was nice enough to recommend and book a massuer for my bfriend after the marathon ) if i ever have unlimited funds , i will definitely look into staying at the w again ! 
i love this little hotel . teh people are very friendly and helpful . the price is reasonable . i stay here whenever i am in chicago . 
i was very , very impressed with this hotel . we booked using a voucher we had purchased at a silent auction . as such , i thought they would probably put us on a low floor in a small room . instead , we stayed in room N , which i think has to be one of the best rooms . it is on the corner of the hotel facing downtown . the bathroom was huge and had a wall of windows ( i guess this could be an inconvenience to some ) . there was a terrace right out of our window covered with snow . even though you couldn ' t go out on it , it was very pretty . the bed was very comfortable . the concierge was great -they arranged dinner reservations for us at several different places and also for some massages at a place just around the corner . this was one of the nicest places i have ever stayed at and i will definitely be back 
we would definitely stay there the next time we go to chicago ! ! ! yes , it ' s old , and outdated inside , but it is clean , and the rooms are spacious . the location is walking distance to everything ! ! ! ! we went for the weekend to see the " jersey boys " and could even walk to the theatre . we walked to the mag . mile , the loop , all over . . . and the parking is free , your car is right there , if you need something from your car , you don ' t need to find it in a parking garage . only negative we had , it is noisy at night , you hear everything going on outside , but the bed was comfortable , and we did get enough sleep . will stay there again . the hotel across the street was double the price . try it , it ' s worth it , if you plan on seeing chicago , and just want to sleep and shower ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
if you want convenience to michigan avenue and a great cost , this is the hotel for you . the desk staff was always friendly . they upgraded us to a larger room for free . the standard rooms are small ! but if you are on michigan avenue , you should be out in the stores and restaurants not your room ! overall great stay . 
after reviewing this hotel on trip advisor we called the hotel to reserve a room . the staff at this hotel is one of the best we have had the pleasure of dealing with in our many years of travel . at check in they gave us tips on what to see , where to eat based on there personal experience and how to get there . the " l " orange line station is only N blocks away and they shuttled us there and back many times during our N day stay . you can get to almost anywhere from the light rail combined with a short taxi ride if neccesary . they also shuttled us to midway airport when it was time to leave . the room was clean and comfortable and although we were told the airport noise might bother us we really didn ' t notice . they have a small but sufficient continental breakfast complete with sausage and egg bagels from dunkin donuts . this is not a N star downtown resort but the staff here goes the extra mile to make there guests feel welcome and provides the best service anyone could ask for . thanks to them our stay in chicago was all we could have asked for . we highly recomend this hotel to anyone who does not want to stay in downtown at a N to N hundred dollar a night hotel . 
my fiance and i stayed here for N nights this past week . we both agree that we would stay here again when in chicago . the rooms are very clean , the bed is comfortable , there is a very cool radio with ipod deck , and the shower heads are really neat ( there are dual heads that you can adjust ) . the one thing that makes it not excellent is that the hotel was a bit weird . it didn ' t feel like a luxury hotel , it felt like almost like an apartment office building . otherwise , it was great . the business center is N hours with a free printer and the fitness center was also N hours . i didn ' t make it to the reception but my fiance did and though it was very nice with beverages , cheeses , meats and crackers . the breakfast was so-so ( there is a toaster in the Nth floor lounge to toast your bagel ) but not bad . it was nice that it was on the floor so you didn ' t have to go very far . the location can ' t be beat , it ' s around everything . we walked to a mano , which was literally down the block and to the left on n dearborn and that was a nice , romantic experience . we also got a really good deal on the hotel website for about N per night ( not including taxes ) . 
we stayed for a wedding in the southside and the hotel was in a perfect location . it kind of appears out of nowhere and we walked through chinatown to find it the first time . but , there is a bus stop right outside the hotel that does straight to state street and michigan ave for all of the touristy stuff . and the bus ran all night which is a plus , since not all of the lines do . the concierge was very helpful , but very busy that weekend and service could be slow at times . we had no complaints about the room except that it didn ' t come with a coffee pot . the snack shop in the hotel had excellent food though the service again was slow . there ' s a spa salon , a computer room , a bar restaurant , etc all in the hotel . not much of a view but it was definitely a great deal . 
the decor in the hotel is beautiful . the room is small yet functional and includes a mounted flat screen television . the bathroom is large and well-lit with a " rain " shower head . i received plenty of towels and the amenities were well stocked . on another note , the front desk employees were very sterile and not very cordial ( almost dismissive ) . they didn ' t make me feel comfortable when i entered the hotel or when i asked questions about my bill . this hotel would receive a higher rating ( at least a N ) if the hotel front stafff were more cordial ( at least smile and be attentive ) . 
firstly , let me clarify the hotel is in a nice location ( nearby shopping , restaurants , entertainment , etc . ) , but service is not consistent guests are nickel and dimed throughout their stay . i stayed here because i was attending a business meeting over several days . the lobby is large and dark ( not especially welcoming . ) there were Ns of us staying at the hotel , but the nightly rate was certainly not a bargain . the room i received looked out at another tall building so , as a result , even though the sun was shining , it always looked dark out the window . the room was ' ok " nice size , closet with safe , both an upholstered chair and a lounge chair . desk chair , dresser , nightstands , and a bar . bathroom was lovely ! nice marble floor , well lit , excellent shower ( N heads , good water pressure ) , quality products . the tv needs to be either lifted ( on top of the dresser ) or hung on the wall since it is in front of the bed and not easy to watch from the bed . water bottle in room is exorbitant ( one could pick up a case of water around the corner from the hotel for less ) internet in room is also pricey ( N daily . ) at N a night for the room , internet should be provided ! when i left the tip for the housekeeper daily , i asked her to leave a shower cap another bar of soap . got the soap but no cap . ( called guest services one was delivered . ) since i forgot something , i ordered item online had it delivered to the hotel . when i went to the front desk to pick up , i was shocked to see that the hotel charged me N . really ? ! by the way , i am a ' preferred guest ' . i did receive one benefit as such a late check out since my flight was scheduled for late afternoon . overall , i didn ' t think that the staff was service-oriented , but there were a couple of staff i found to be exceptional . kwasi a . , one of the attendants in the executive club , was the perfect host courteous , pleasant , knowledgeable , friendly , accommodating . also , sandra , the person i only spoke with on the phone several times , was efficient and friendly . it was always a pleasure to speak with her when i had to call to arrange for a wake-up call , etc . if i return to chicago , i probably would select another hotel ( since there are so many to choose from ) unless i found a much better nightly rate here . this hotel wasn ' t bad overall , it just was not exceptional or any better than good . 
for the price this hotel is great . location is excellent for down town and lake . rooms are nice size and clean and updated . all the staff are very helpful . free breakfast and valet parking . parking is N . 
stayed that omni in downtown chicago this weekend for the first time . they had a N discount for a weekend package . the deluxe room was very nice . it was a small suite configuration with a separate bedroom area . the rooms were in good repair and well kept . the service was excellent from the moment i arrive until i left . the porter greeted me at the door , had my bags delivered to the room , the check in was a breeze and the bags were in the room before i got there . the staff were quite friendly and helpful , and everyon actually seemed glad to have me there as a guest . one of the most welcoming places i ' ve stayed in a long time . one note - ask for a room on an upper floor . i was on Nth floor and the traffic noise was noticable with the windows closed until about N Npm . 
our room was small with a queen bed and tiny pillows that looked liked square cushions . the closet was a little space cut out of the wall with a curtain and almost no space to hang a suit and party dress . what bothered us most was lack of storage space . a part from that , the hotel is well located with easy access to michigan av . 
this hotel lives up to its billing . it has a friendly staff , clean rooms , good complimentary breakfast , and a handy manager ' s reception nightly . the facility is well maintained , well appointed and almost feels like a luxury hotel . the " suite " layout is ideal for a family vacation , especially with children who still need naps or go to sleep at night early , because the bedroom and living room are separate . the location is fair , depending on your itinerary . yes , navy pier is three blocks away and the magnificent mile is two blocks away however , the red line of the l-train is N blocks away ( closest station ) . there is a free trolley running on illinois st and grand ave . at least on the weekend between navy pier and the grand state station embassy suites is directly between these . the cost is fair , as well . it would be nicer for hotel guests to pay less for parking , but i ' m sure they charge what the market will bear . the actual room rate is competitive , if not slightly superior to other hotels in the area . dominick ' s supermarket is directly across columbus ave if you need supplies , but you should also consider fox obel ( one block toward navy pier on illinois st ) if you like a more up-market selection . they also have reasonably priced brown box meals to go , which are a nice contrast to the typical deep dish or deep fried vacation food . 
huge hotel who got it right as far as service and ambiance . stayed in west tower , quiet , great lake michigan view from Nth for fireworks , interesting storm clouds and navy pier . corner bakery nearby for reasonable priced breakfasts . facebook ' secret word " gets u a free day of wi fi . thanks for complimentary toffee for booking thru trip advisor . 
i recently visited chicago and the hard rock was close to my meeting the next day so i decided to give it a try . the building is very interesting , old architecture , with lots of rock material . each floor is themed to a different group . the room was very modern and clean but the insulation is lacking as i found out later . i didn ' t notice it at first but the later it became the noise from the lounge was getting louder and louder . i woke up to loud drumming and a pounding bass and thought that i was going to be carted off to a big pot of boiling water . finally about N N i was just about ready to pack up my room and call downstairs and tell them to get me a room on a higher floor when things began to calm down a bit . if you do decide to stay i would recommend a floor much higher , N or above . 
this hotel is awful- we had to stay here because the essex where the rest of our staff was staying was sold out by the time we booked our rooms . the room doors feel like prison doors and the hotel overall was dirty and a little scary . one morning the power went off for almost hour and the staff acted like they couldve cared less at the inconvenience this caused us trying to get ready and out the door for a work convention we were attending . over all we were incredibly dissatisfied and will not be staying here again . 
i had a reservation booked at the residence inn on dearborn . as i was browsing online , i saw a link to the wit . i was hooked once i visited their website ! i ' m attracted to new hotels with a cool vibe . . . . not to mentioned designed well . the wit fits the bill ! we found a special online so we snagged a pretty good rate . the overall service was great throughout our stay . the front desk staff was able to offer us an early check in ( by N hrs ) . plus they offered us warm cookies upon arrival . during my last night i noticed that my shampoo conditioner weren ' t restocked . i called housekeeping and N minutes later they delivered me a basket loaded with goodies . . . . . deodorant , lotion , hair products , sewing kit , etc . totally exceeded my expectations . we also got a chance to check out the roof . i ' ve heard a lot of good things . apparently it gets pretty hoppin in the summertime ! the views , layout and vibe were fabulous . drinks prices were what you ' d expect for a hotel bar ( albeit much less than crazy ny prices ) . having lived in chicago for a while , the roof is a much needed sleek downtown bar with great cocktails . it takes it up a notch without being pretentious . if i still worked down the block , i would totally go there for an afterwork cocktail . the other great thing was the yoga room in the gym ! i was actually in town for a fitness event , so it was a given that i ' d have a mini practice at some point . the room had a bunch of mats , a few props , light switch dimmer , good mirrors and a wall jack for your ipod . again . . . just taking it to the next level . state lake is a great downtown location . it ' s near all of the trains , plus a ton of buses . also , state st . is becoming more a shopping destination so the wit is really well positioned . argo tea , one of my fav coffee tea shops , is nearby along with a bunch of other places to go grab a quick bite . and finally , the rooms were very spacious and comfortable . the cable service rocked . . . . not to mention the radio docking station . it seems like they all offer a good view . they really make it easy for you to enjoy your time in the room . 
indigo is a great change from the typical hotel ! my husband travels alot for business so i was looking for something different for our trip to chicago . our room was very cozy - we loved it . it was very clean and decor makes you smile . gold coast area is quiet farmers market was fun . walking distance to everything for us . staff was friendly and very helpful . it will be the only place we stay when we visit chicago again . 
love this hotel and they even upgraded us to a N room suite this visit . it is my favorite hotel in the city . i always look forward to being pampered and sleeping in their outstanding beds . 
beautiful surroundings is not all a hotel needs to be a good hotel . housekeeping was bad ( N-night stay ) . little things about our stay causes me not to recommend this hotel if you want an all round good stay . from bad bar service to bad housekeeping to food not in par with price this hilton is not our favorite . although one good thing is they had plenty of elevators so you never had to wait long for one . 
this hotel was excellent in most ways - i really liked the bottled water dispensers and the comfortable beds . the only downside was that N was deducted from our credit card and although it was supposed to have been reversed when we checked out has still not appeared back on our account N days later . 
great location on state street in heart of downtown , within walking distance of the loop and the magnificent mile . free breakfast with made to order omelets , free drinks and snacks each nite . spacious rooms . very friendly and helpful staff . 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker over memorial day weekend . i got this hotel through bidding on priceline resulting in more than N savings off the regular rate . like the intercontinental , the knickerbocker is an old hotel that combines historical charm with modern luxuries . pros free wireless internet in lobby , with grand piano performance close to michigan avenue great location for downtown recently renovated rooms cons rooms may be small and would feel cramped for families small elevators - can fill up fast if you have luggage
just got back from a N night stay at the westin chicago river north . booked through expedia and was not at all disappointed . location is ' top-drawer ' , staff were very friendly . room was really nice and cleaned up very well daily . i did not eat on-site so cannot comment on that but there is a lot within very close walking distance as to anything you want to do in chicago . lawry ' s prime rib-awesome , architectural boat tour-awesome , sears willis tower-awesome ( get the fast pass ahead of time ) . overall , very happy with the wcrn , did not have a river-view which was disappointing but just meant to actually get out and enjoy everything chicago has to offer in person . as a note , if you like a little attitude , go to dick ' s last resort across the street , the staff there are rude and they do it on purpose so if you like a little rudeness attitude , that is the place for you , i went , great view of the river , great drinks and you can give it back to them and it only feeds the fire more . . . . . all in good fun so take note of that . . . . . enjoy . . . . 
this was our first visit to chicago , so i did a lot of researching on hotel options and where specifically to stay . we couldn ' t be happier with hour choice homewood suites . we were certainly impressed with how friendly and helpful the staff was . we appreciated the numerous amenities . . . everything from the wonderful breakfast buffet in the morning , to a nice gym ( no fee ) , to coin-op laundry , and a full-functioning kitchen . the view from our room was of the wrigley building , the trump tower and more . a wonderful variety of restaurants were within walking distance . we were very comfortable and had a wonderful first experience in awesome chicago . 
this hotel just off of michigan avenue met our needs perfectly . wife shopped ' til she dropped while son and i went to see the bears play the lions . staff was very friendly and attentive and the room was immaculate . 
my husband and i decided ( last-minute ) to book this stay for new years eve . we had dinner reservations right around the corner ( at ruth ' s chris ) and it was the perfect location ! the palomar is beautiful ! the lobby was contemporary and decorated beautifully . the staff that checked us in was remarkably friendly and courteous . our room was ready immediately , which on a busy day like nye we were happy about the room and bathroom were super clean ! they have a list of free amenities if you ' ve forgotten something or if you ' re in need of something to make your stay more enjoyable ( for example a humidifier , curling iron , flat iron , etc . ) that ' s awesome ! we were informed that upon returning to the hotel , we would need to provide our name and id for security reasons , which i liked ! great job keeping the hotel from becoming a free-for-all . the hotel was quiet and we had no problems at all ! i ' d absolutely stay here again ! 
the hotel is a hip place if that ' s what you ' re looking for , i liked the location directly across from the navy pier and right in the heart of streeterville not far from the downtown loop area . i was a little freakout at first of the shutters on the bathroom but it wasn ' t a problem . staff was very helpful . 
we stayed at the marriott chicago downtown magnificent mile while in chicago on a business trip . the staff was wonderfully friendly and helpful , and the hotel is centrally located step outside the doors and you ' re right on chicago ' s magnificent mile . our room was tastefully done and comfortable and had all the business amenities one might need . the staff was helpful and quick to respond . i would highly recommend this hotel to others . 
we recently had the pleasure of staying at this hotel . the front desk staff , especially rachel was very helpful from where to go and eat to what to see . our room was even better ! it was clean , the gym was nice and we had an incredible view of the chicago river and skyline . the hotel is just a ten minute walk to michigan avenue and the old marshall fields and " l " station are a short walk away if you want to take the train to o ' hare . thanks renaissance for a pleasant stay . 
we booked this online several months before our trip and got a great rate . catering to business you seem to get a better deal on the weekends at any club quarters . this one is the perfect location on wacker and N block from michigan ave . the hotel is very nice . we had an easy checkin and were even offered an upgrade to a studio room with lake view for N more a night . we took it . they gave us a room on the Nnd floor , which was nice for the fact that it was the only floor you could walk to and not have to wait for the elevator . the room was nice and roomy . it came with a queen bed , couch bed desk , N flat screen tv , mini refrigerator and microwave . the bathroom was a good size , especially the shower . nicely done in tile with a removeable shower head . the view on the otherhand was not of the river . while we were facing the river , we were too low to actually see it since it dips down below street level . we decide to keep it the room as the view of the rest of the city was a good one . on the Nnd floor they have free coffee and purified water all day . couches and a tv to hang out by and N computers free of charge to surf the net and print out your airline tickets . the first floor had an italian restaurant attached to it with a very nice patio , but didnt partake . there are many other less expensive restaurants close by . the only downside of our stay was the Nnd floor room had a huge flag outside of the window , this did not impede our view but whenever the wind blew it banged the metal clasps against the metal pole and kept us up all night ! we complained but they said they couldnt do anything with the flag . they did give us a future free night at any club quarters though . so , in summary , great location and value , but stay on a high floor to see the river and avoid the flag banging . 
this was a last minute stay over the weekend after a party . the room was decent , seemed to be a smoking room which was stuffy . bathroom tub was somewhat dirty and water pressure is very low . i would stay again as a last minute hotel but if i had time to reserve beforehand i ' d pass on this one . 
we had a fabulous stay at the amalfi hotel . the location is great ( harry careys , house of blues within a block ) the hotel staff were extremely helpful and very nice . the rooms were beautifully decorated and the shower ( two heads ) was very refreshing . large rooms , nightly cocktail hour , complimentary breakfast , and a unheard of onlite rate , made my trip to chicago one that i will never forget . 
i was somewhat nervous about this stay . i won a bid of N dollars on priceline and immediately began my do my review search . the reviews were all over and i have learned to take it lightly when there is a bad review of a hotel . as was the case with the hyatt ! i do not know what some people expect but this was defiantly a N star hotel . the bed was amazing , extremely comfortable with alot of fluffy pillows ! the room and bathroom were very clean . i would recommend this hotel to anyone ! the location was great as walking to the magnificent mile or navy pier was very easy and close . the staff at the hotel were very pleasant and nice . the hotel itself is beautiful and very large . please do not hesitate to stay here . 
arrived at Nam told to pay more to check in early , we declined . was told to come back at Npm for check in , we did . then told it was another N minutes before we could get into the room . hey if you had a room for us at Nam for more money , why did it take until N N ( N and N N hours after check in ) to get into a room ? ? ? ? ? then it took another N hour to even get our luggage ( that had been in holding since Nam ) . awful . the room is small and the bathroom even worse a small sink literally hangs off the wall . never again . 
my wife and i spent N night in downtown chicago but decided to leave the downtown area because of the N . N a night parking fees . the south loop is located just south of soldier field , shedd aquarium , and adler planetarium and the parking is free ! the hotel was very clean , the rooms huge and relaxing , and the staff friendly and helpful . the hotel does not provide free breakfast nor did i see somewhere to eat within walking distance . something that was provided at other hotels in this price range . the hotel is not located within walking distance of anything so you do need some type of transportation . 
we had a wonderful experience with the hotel and staff until we received our credit card bill . our bill at check-out time was correct but when we received our credit card bill they charged us twice for one night during our stay . after about N weeks of calling the hotel and conveniently the person that we needed to talk to was never there and never returned any of our messages , we finally turned it over to our credit card company to take care of , thankfully it was on our american express . it is now february and we stayed at the silversmith in november and the credit card company has still not been able to reach anyone at the hotel who can resolve the charge . i wouldn ' t recommend staying here unless you are willing to pay double price , in the already overpriced hotel . 
have been at conrad last week for a corporate meeting . everything was fabulous , from the room ( the exact word would be " flat " , a N people family would have been confortably accomodated in my room ) , the food was of excellent quality , portions not exceeding the size a normal person would be able to eat , prepared in excellent way . the staff was professional and polite , the cleanininess excellent , the terrace offered the chance for a cocktail looking at the marvellus chicago skyline . the hotel is located in the center of chicago . nothing more to demand from life ! 
we found this hotel on expedia and decided to stay because of all the excellent reviews . we weren ' t disappointed . the room was large and spotless and the beds pillows were amazingly comfortable . it was nice to have good quality aveda products and a bath as well as a shower . as others have mentioned there were complimentary cocktails and nibbles each evening . breakfast was served by the elevator on every floor each morning and being able to stagger a few seconds down the hall to grab breakfast and take it back to the room to eat was great . no there wasn ' t a massive choice of food bagels , pastries , yoghurt , cereal and fruit but it was more than adequate for us and everything we ate was very nice . the location was ideal for us as first time visitors to chicago . it was safe and bustling at all hours so we were very happy walking around there . virtually all the main sights are within easy walking distance of the hotel and if you don ' t want to walk then the " l " is a N minute walk away just across the river - we got the blue-line from o ' hare to clark lake and within the hour we were at the hotel . about N lines pass through state lake which is also a N minute walk from the hotel . we would definitely definitely stay here again , this is a fantastic hotel . 
i stayed here for the weekend in august on my way back to the west coast from a business trip . this hotel is outstanding . i was surprisingly upgraded to an apt suite room with large living area , bedroom and bathroom . the kiehl ' s soaps and shampoo are a real treat . the mid-century modern furniture was very tasteful and the beds are super comfortable . the service was excellent . i was trying to find a misplaced package that my secretary sent via ups and the staff was very attentive and helpful . the bar and restaurant are excellent also . no complaints . would stay again . 
my husband and i went to chicago for a wedding . we had very limited time so we wanted to stay at a hotel which would be centrally located to everything . this hotel was the best . the rooms were nice and clean . bathroom a bit small but ok . the lobby was packed which was nice if you like that for ambiance . location for shopping and restaurants was great . can ' t be beat ! 
this hotel is located in perfect spot for visiting chicago . the staff is very friendly and the hotel itself is very clean and well kept . the kids loved the pool and great breakfast . we stayed with my parents as well as my sister and her family . it is very affordable for a chicago hotel . 
this was my first trip to chicago and i booked here after checking them out on the net . arriving at a new city hotel after close to N hrs of travel , i was wary . but the hotel was " love at first sight " . friendly staff , quick check in , great super clean rooms set the tone for a good four days stay . while there is no restaurant attached ( there is only a cafe which works N-N hrs ) , there are places to order stuff from and have it delivered - sarpino ' s , connie ' s , goNfood and many more . all that they show on the website is real-in fact the hotel looks way better when seen real time than in photos . just N-N minutes walk from mccormick west . cabs can be called immediately . the cta bus is available just round the corner . there is a metra train station also closeby . a great place strongly recommended to mid-budget travellers . would only request the hotel to provide a kettle so that one can have coffee at one ' s convenience . 
 N internet service N parking N steam at bliss spa since gym is " conveniently " not equipped with one N fiji water everywhere ( not expensive , but stop trying to sell me stuff the james gives complimentary water . moved room three times since we were in connecting rooms . third room - still paper thin walls . loudest at bathroom mirror . while i used the facility , i heard intimate conversation , and they heard me . it sounds like someone is showering in your room when a neighboring room is using theirs . N minutes to wait for breakfast table when N N tables were empty . after booking hotel , three weeks later we got an email for a special new years rate , and i had to push to get them to accept a rebooking , then had to push again upon arrival , and then the front help keeps stating that she does not know what this thing is is " whatever " about the whole issue . positives - great view of navy pier ( hope fireworks are great tonight ! ) bliss products in bathroom and i asked for , and got a bit more . comfy bed , but really high , and heavy duvet kept slipping down and off . ample elevators , never a long wait , but lively music for early morning ! all musicians performing in this city tonight must be here . ojays , big gigantic and others , so i am excited for some after party fun in the hotel ! ( new year tonight ) . the steak - anything on the menu with steak is the same ( bar menu night is same as steak and eggs , served the same way on a stick ) and delicious so i am cool with it . they try their best to please , so if you want to pretend to be a rock star , come and drop it like it ' s hot , because if you really had money , you wouldn ' t be in this place . the staff is truly kind and try their best ( eager ) to do what they can . this one good looking " bell-hop " porter who i keep seeing is just so genuine . he always strikes up a nice bit of banter and has a kind heart . more negative- bathrooms have plantation shutters , so you better be comfortable with the bathroom noises of your bed mate and not be embarrassed when you make them ! shower head is rain one , but if you angle it at all , the proof of no water pressure is that it just drizzles out also there is no door and no lip to the floor , so it is impossible to keep the main floor dry . only one bathrobe with two guests . acura car service ends at N so forget using it for dinner time . today is nye , and they are done even earlier , so why bother ? ! bottom line - not coming back unless there is a fabulous deal . great view , but little other reason to come here . i hate the nickel and diming . i am willing to pay and then play , but i just want to pay once and get it all . it is like going to a theme park where you pay when you enter and enjoy your day with your wallet away , or where you gain access , but keep your wallet out for every instance incidental . 
me and my girlfriend went to the pride parade , and we normally stay at the days inn . the inn was N cheaper , so we thought we would try it out . well , i found out why it was cheaper . and trust me , i ' m not one that requires too much in a hotel . i just wanted a decent place to sleep take a decent shower . well , the room was pretty old- lights didn ' t work well in the lamps , the bed spread-even though i would never sleep with one because they aren ' t washed often- looked like it was N years old- just pretty nasty . i threw it across the room . the shower was either freezing or scalding just for fun it went from cold to hot on off . just sucked . another thing was the staff didn ' t know what the taste of chicago was , or where anything was , which seemed kinda strange to me . i think i knew more than they did . we had really bad parking luck- the parking garage was full , so we drove for about an hour looking for parking . next time- we ' ll go down the street to days inn . 
this hotel has a great location , about N blocks off the southern end of michigan avenue . it is hard to find , and hard to see at first . . . . if you are driving , you pull into the building off illinois street , before the amc theaters and lucky strike bowling . you can leave your car for N minutes while you register , and the staff will bring your bags up for you . parking is N a night so we parked elsewhere . the hotel is fine . . . we were upgraded to a corner suite and if you can get one , you should . not only was it quieter ( more on that later ) but we did not have the window to the constantly-lit atrium . this was important for putting kids to bed . corner suites are much larger in the living room as well . the walls are paper thin in this hotel . . . . we could hear our neighbor talking on the phone , clearly , and could hear both tv and talking through the vents , not sure where it came from . beds are comfy , shower head is weak pressure-wise , and the hairdryer was on it ' s last legs . but the furniture and carpet were clean and in good condition , and towels were very plentiful . the fitness room is ridiculously small . . . . N treadmills , N ellipticals and a bike . got crazy crowded between N and N am , but that was nothing compared to the crazyness at breakfast after N N or so . long lines for food , no tables to be had , the staff did their best to keep up but it was nearly impossible for them to do so . we ate before N N one morning and it was a completely different experience . manager ' s reception was also very crowded , with a very long line for a drink . . . you don ' t have to wait in line for lemon water and the snacks ( trail mix and chips salsa ) . every staff member we met was very friendly , helpful and went out of their way to say hello and ask if they could help . i just wish we didn ' t hear random people through our vents and that there was more capacity in the gym and breakfast area . if you have at t , you can get onto the internet for free in your room , just log in with your at t account number and password . 
enter the hotel and you quickly realise , my stay will be a good one . reception , fast and efficient meaning we were in our room very quickly and after travelling for N hours this was welcome . the room , a park view double , was large , comfortable and well appointed with a very comfortable bed . a large bathroom with one of the biggest baths i have ever seen and a separate double headed shower . i used nomN the restaurant bar numerous times during my stay and found it an excellent place for drinks , snacks and dinner . throughout my stay the hotel staff were friendly , efficient and always charming in their attention to guests . the hotel itself occupies a prime spot on north michigan avenue just beside the water tower so ideal for all chicago has to offer . 
we had the most fabulous time at the conrad . both my husband and i have never had such an amazing experience at a hotel as we had there . what a way to celebrate our first anniversary ! every member of the staff , from the front desk ( especially carol for recommending two great restaurants for dinner ) , restaurant staff , bar staff ( especially sergio ) and even the housekeeping staff were always friendly and smiling . i travel to chicago twice a year for different trade shows , and now i will only stay at the conrad . they truly go above and beyond in every aspect of their hotel . our room was beautifully appointed , and most of all clean and comfortable . i would recommend the conrad to anyone looking for a special hotel experience ! it ' s truly a home away from home ! 
i was very pleased with my stay . the room was nicely decorated with my favorite colors ( burnt orange and brown - ) there was a big flat screen t . v . in the room , large shower , hair dryer , amenities ( soap , lotion , shampoo , mouth wash , etc . ) the loby is located on the fourth floor , which is also where breakfast is served . i made it to the hotel about N N and had to come back around N N due to no rooms being ready . but they will allow you to store your bags there til you come back . that was o . k . with me , it gives you time to look around . the hotel is in a great location , near everything . i would return ! 
we stayed at the sofitel-chicago in downtown chicago from august Nnd-august Nth . we loved everything about the sofitel hotel-chicago . the room was clean , spacious and attractice . we had a very nice view of the lake and downtown chicago from our Nnd floor room N . sofitel staff were extremely professional , prompt and courteous . from the reception staff , to concierge staff , to housekeeping staff , to doormen and to room service staff , everyone was very professional and respectful ! the bottom line is sofitel chicago is by far the best hotel that we have stayed at ever ! we will definitely be staying at the sofitel - chicago again and will only be staying at other sofitel hotels for our travels . forget about the other big N star hotels . this is by far the best N-star hotel that we have stayed . we highly recommend sofitel-chicago and the sofitel brand . 
we went to this ri for a late family christmas in january . the hotel was great and in an awesome location . we were very close to shopping , dining and nightlife . the rooms were a perfect size , even for our big family . the breakfast is great and helps save a lot of money , rather than going out . we are looking forward to going back to visit ! 
the hilton chicago has tremendous historic appeal ( many famous movies filmed here ) , all with updated amenities and convenience for the business and pleasure traveler . the service from the staff is excellent . the location is good and close to chicago art museum and within a mile and a half of excellent shopping on the magnificent mile . 
wish we would have had more time to induldge in the perks of the palme lovely hotel . very expensive bar . try the bar outside the main doors to the right millers- great bar , also , upgrade to the executive floors for private elevator and night time snacks and breakfast in the am . 
i stayed at the carlton in september and the staff was excellent , pointing out on the cta map how to get to different places that i was planning on going to . about a N minute walk to the orange line station , or you can use the archer bus that heads downtown as well . slept well , with minimal disturbances , after a long day of walking around , a comfortable bed always feels good . closest supermarket is on pulaski about N minutes walk from the hotel , plus many fast food places in the same area . if you need a white castle fix there is one about N mile to the east on archer . would definitely stay at the carlton again , helped make my trip to chicago a blast . 
stayed here a couple of nights with some friends for a girls weekend . this place is amazing . really nice , friendly staff . huge and amazing lobby area-so much to look at and fun areas to sit and hang out . complimentary beer wine app hour was a nice touch , met lots of other travelers and got to sample some local brews and snacks from the restaurant . we got a room with N double beds and we were pleasantly surprised with the size of the room , given that we were in the city we were prepared to be a bit cramped but that was not the case . the room had plenty of space and was decorated in a fun , contemporary way . even the light fixture was cool . nothing about this hotel is average . N huge windows gave us a great city view , another pleasant surprise . we had a lot of fun exploring this hotel and would stay here again for sure . 
i stayed at the allerton for N nights last weekend . i booked a deal off of ruelala for N night for a king room which included free wi-fi , N complementary drinks per night and " continental breakfast for N ( up to a N value ) " each day . the rate was a little higher than i had hoped for , but i figured since we were getting N worth of breakfast per day , i ' d do it . well , first of all- we only got N breakfast ticket ( instead of N ) . then , when we go downstairs the waitress wasn ' t certain about the terms of the deal and had to go ask , which took N minutes . then we find out that this N worth of breakfast ( N for each person ) , is only for the cold buffet . if we wanted to upgrade to the hot buffet we ' d have to pay an extra N-N each . and this card wasn ' t good toward food on their actual menu . i was very hungry so i decided to just deal with the free breakfast . lo and behold , this consisted of N cereal selections , lukewarm milk , sub-par croissants and muffins , picked-over fruit salad ( only honeydew left ) and apples , banana or oranges . it sucked . biggest rip-off ever . before i booked , i tried calling the reservations department to ask about the terms of this free breakfast and no one was able to answer my question . it ' s my own fault for booking , but had i know the breakfast was so crappy i wouldn ' t have booked . that would have worked to my advantage because the next week i saw a similar deal for the allerton on groupon without breakfast or drinks for N . i sadly couldn ' t exchange . oh well . the hotel itself was nice though . beautiful room and bathroom , comfortable beds . the people that worked there were very nice , as well . we came to check in before N , expecting to have to check our bags but they were able to give us a room immediately , which was great . also , it ' s only a short walk to the chicago red subway stop . very good location . the only other complaints i have are that the elevators are horrible . there were N available and were very small . we stayed on the Nst floor and every time we took the elevator it took a long time to get to us . it also felt like we stopped on every other floor to pick up people on the way down . it got to the point that there was no more room for people on the elevators below the Nth floor or so . so if you get a room that isn ' t on the top of the hotel you were sheet out of luck . the bathroom was beautiful , all marble- but it was constantly freezing in there- even if we left the door open . it was uncomfortable going barefoot in there . also , we checked our bags on the ground floor the day we were supposed to check out , since our flight didn ' t leave until N . we had to wait about N minutes to get our bags . luckily , we had some time to kill , but if we were trying to get out of there in a hurry it would have been a problem . 
my stay at the w city center was a dr . jekyll mr . hyde type ordeal . for every task that they did well , there was an equal and opposite task that flopped . as a former frequent traveler i have stayed in many different hotels ranging from N stars to N stars . and , lately , i have been having good , solid experiences booking N star hotels for my leisure trips through priceline , but my stay at the w city center in chicago ended that string of luck . i had read many other reviews on this website before my trip and i felt like i had enough information to know what to expect , but i was wrong . i rated my experience at the w a " N , " but it was closer to a " N . N " and just like in math class , i rounded down . i am not sure what the exact criteria is for star ratings , but for service , the w city centre is a solid " N . N , " but that ' s as good as it gets . my flight landed at midway at about N N am , so i took the orange line and arrived at the hotel at around N N am . i was expecting to check my luggage , but to my surprise i was able to check-in . and , according to them , they upgraded my bed from full to queen and gave me a courtyard view on the Nth floor , so that noise from the " l " wouldn ' t bother me . what a joke ! ! ! my bed wasn ' t even a full , it was more like a double . . . maybe even a twin-and-a-half . my wife and i , who sleep in a king at home , were practically on top of each other . and the courtyard view , looked more like the view from a project in brooklyn . and , i understand that the interior rooms in the hotel have no choice but to have a view like that , but please don ' t tell me it ' s an upgrade , when it really isn ' t . i would have rather heard the train and had a view of the outside world , than to feel like i was in prison . the room was tiny ! after i learned was staying at the w , i looked it up and saw that the rooms were small , but the website doesn ' t do the room justice . there was exactly enough room to turn around , but that was about it . there was a lounge chair in the corner that was unecessary in that size room and the desk where one could use a laptop was at the foot of the bed . when you pulled the chair out to take a seat , it hit the foot of the bed , so you had to squeeze into the space between the desk and the chair . at N ' N " , N lbs , i ' m not a huge man , but it was a feat for me to do that . the television was in a cabinet to the left of the bed , so i had to turn my head at an awkward angle to view it . and , the question that kept running through my mind was , " if this is a N star hotel , where is the plasma tv ? " i have stayed at many other N star hotels in chicago that have had plasma for years and if i remember correctly the w lakeshore has plasma tv ' s in it ' s rooms . i liked the fact that there was a safe in the room for my valuables , it made me feel much more comfortable about leaving certain things in the room . but , it was a too small for my laptop . the bathroom was also very tiny , but it had a full-sized tub and a fantastic shower head . also , the little bliss sample products were great so i purchased full-sized versions . the toilet was extremely noisy , but i believe i figured out why . the flush was a little longer and stronger than a usual toilet , but i think it was so that all " debris " could be cleaned with one flush instead of possibly flushing more than once . i mean it ' s so loud , the flushing next door would wake my wife in the middle of the night . the service at the door was great , but it came in spurts . at one point there might be three gentlemen opening the door , but at others there might not be any , only the person that hails cabs for you and if your hands are full and he ' s busy , then you ' re stuck ! i didn ' t see a handicapped button you can push to open it automatically . the location is decent . you ' re very close to the orange and brown line trains , two blocks from the blue line and N or N blocks from the red line . and , unless you ' re going out at midnight , like we did , there is usually a cab in the vicinity . overall , this is not a N star hotel . you either have great service or none at all and i didn ' t appreciate being misled to think i was receiving some sort of benefit . i decided not to patronize the restaurant ( shikago ) or bar ( whiskey blue ) because there are many other places in chicago i ' d rather spend my money . please do your research . the w city center is a great N . N-N star hotel . it ' s not even close to being N stars . 
my husband and i spent the weekend in chicago for our anniversary and stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . what an awesome place to stay ! the staff and hotel were exceptional . our room was the most beautiful room i have ever stayed in . the food was superb . they make you feel like royalty there ! also the location was perfect . we were close to everything in downtown chicago . it was our first stay in a sheraton hotel but it will definitely not be our last . this is the place to stay in downtown chicago . the worst part was having to check out and go home ! 
we found the hilton garden inn to be very clean , fresh and updated , and the location cannot be beat . we got a great rate through the hilton web site for N a night with our third night free . no breakfast is served but we did have a microwave and mini-frigerator . there is a restaurant located off the lobby , mainly barbque , but room service is offered , and numerous restaurants are within a block . the staff was very friendly and accomodating . the indoor pool is nice but small . nordstroms and northbridge shopping mall are a very short block away , and michigan avenue , aka , the magnificent mile , is two very short blocks from the hotel door . parking is availible , for a fee , of course , in a garage attached to the hotel and there is a heated circular driveway from which you may load and unload your car . bell hops and valets are readily available , but in no way is their service pushed upon you . we would definately stay in this hotel again . 
this is not a well-known hotel in chicago , but it ' s really interesting . the location is ideal for just about any purpose just off the magnificent mile , a block from the red line subway and a few blocks from the el . the hotel is not super-noticeable from the street the entrance is on street level but the hotel lobby is N floors up on the elevator . the rooms are not just suites , they ' re really large suites -- with a well-equipped kitchen , a living area with sofa and bath , and a bedroom with full private bath . they have nice views of the city and are well-equipt ( big screen tv in the living room , large tv in the bedroom ) . one thing that ' s a bit strange about the place in this age of niche-marketing is that it caters both to budget-conscious tourists with large families and to business travelers on long-term stays who are using somebody else ' s money . so on the one hand they have wifi and internet in the rooms , and an enthusiastic full-service business-savvy front desk on the other hand , they have a mini-market that has basic cooking staples , and they have a coin laundry ( try finding that in a marriott courtyard ! ) . during my stay , they managed to cater to both groups quite well . my only minor complaint was about breakfast -- yeah it ' s complimentary , and they have a lot of staff on hand to try to make it run smoothly . but it brought back bad memories of summer camp mobs of people pushing into a tiny serving room to scoop out something from an industrial-scale vat of scrambled eggs . they have a dining area , but it ' s much too small for a hotel this size , particularly given that the breakfast period is fairly brief . 
i spent six nights here for the chicago marathon in october . i found it a nice hotel in an excellent location N blocks from michigan ave and the magnificent mile shopping area . good location fro exploring chicago on foot also . the subway station is just around the corner , N day pass cost N and is a great way of getting around , you can also use it on buses . my room was a nice size on the Nth floor only negative about it was the window looks into a multistorey car park and very little day light came into the room . free internet access . the breakfast was good and the staff friendly . i only major complaint is the price they charged me . N for N nights , N night in december cost N ! at the moment . 
spent two nights at this property , on business pleasure . deluxe executive suite Nth floor , facing west . nicely appointed room , typical N seasons decor ( getting a little tired , imho ) . the room had a very unpleasant odor- i asked the maid about it she shrugged her shoulders . the shoulder shrug pretty much sums up the housekeeping services at this property unbelievably indifferent . the room was hardly cleaned up during our stay plenty of stuff on the floor , only partial replacement of the towels , complete lack of attention to details . this is not acceptable at these prices ( or , historically , in any N seasons property i ' ve ever stayed at ) . front desk folks were great , very helpful . valets were curt and grudgingly helpful . pool and workout facilities were very nice . free wireless internet ! if i ' m going to spend this much money , i am definitely going to stay at the peninsula down the street , a vastly superior property with a consistently higher level of service . although i haven ' t written a review of the pen ( i ' ll get around to it one of these days ) , i have stayed there at least six times it is , imho , one of the finest three hotels in the world . 
pros in chicago to attend a taping of the oprah show and visit family . we were welcomed with open arms and warm smiles . we were allowed to check in early . mentioned to the clerk that i read a review about not getting a room facing the fire station ( across the street ) , he was so attentive and placed us on the opposite end on the top floor . in addtion , he recommended a tour and called and made reservations for us . the room was nice clean and spacious . the accomodations were great hot breakfast , fitness room , valet parking , and complimentary paper . cons no microwave or refrigerator in room . 
most of the james hotel ' s best points have already been detailed in the many previous reviews . however i still felt the need to add in my opinion . the james is definitely one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in , i would not consider staying anywhere else in chicago , i could not fault it in any way . 
jonathon and his team at the front desk made the difference is our visit . this hotel is the best we ' ve found in chicago . while the location is useful its helpful friendly staff makes it a great hotel ! we will be back and we strongly recommend putting your visit into their capable hands . 
great service from the front desk , beautiful rooms , and a very friendly doorman . my only issue was , i went to the hotel bar restaurant at N N pm , to get a glass of wine . the male staff members were standing around discussing their plans for the evening and looked annoyed that i walked in , despite the fact that they didn ' t close for another hour . i ordered N dollar glass , but the waiter made me sit in the lobby with it because " i needed to to order some food if i wanted to be seated at the bar " i came back a few minutes later and told them i didn ' t want to sitting in the breezy lobby in the middle of feburary with my wine . they rolled their eyes and found me a table close to the door . i realized that they were more interested in closing the place early so they could go out on the town for evening . the attitude was disgusting , and i ' d stay at the palmer house next time . 
stayed at the hotel monaco march N-N , room N . most everything was up to kimpton ' s usual high standards , but this room had a really awful view ( with a window seat ) of the brick wall of the adjacent building to the east . avoid this room , though i suppose the upside is that you won ' t hear the screeching el train from this side of the building . 
i stayed three nights at the renaissance during the hectic N modern language association convention . unlike many of the other convention hotels , this one turned out to be pretty easy to use . the elevators worked efficiently , the buffet breakfast was excellent , the staff were efficient , and the bedroom was capacious and comfortable . all in all , this was an enjoyable experience , and i ' d be strongly inclined to stay there again . 
very nice hotel , everything was nice and the staff was very helpful . my only complaint was how exceedingly small my single room was . it worked fine , but there truly was very little room within the room . oh , and perhaps that is the reason the bed seemed short even for my N ' -N " height ? ! ? 
i visited this place for business , so a had to stay for a full week to attend a conference . the rooms are small , the breakfast was amazingly expensive and so was the internet access in my room . i also had to pay for the gym in the hotel . they charged N us dolars for one bottle of drinking water and the coffee maker was placed in . . . the bathroom . . in europe that ' s not even allowed . the only positive item of this hotel were the doormen . 
we stayed in a one-bedroom suite which easily accommodated our two children as well as ourselves ( about N sq . ft . ) and was about the same cost as two rooms in other hotels . the hotel interiors are high quality , using modern material and contemprary furniture and fittings . the colour schemes were generally in the taupe cream beige brown ( crisp white bed linen ) neutral range with zebra wood and steel used as accents throughout . limestone bathrooms had perfect grouting and mastic lines - this project was really well managed to get that level of detailed finish . the overall impression was high quality reserved modern rather than bling . the sound proofing between the living room and the bedroom was excellent . the suite has two bathrooms - which speeds up the morning rituals , especially when travelling with girls ! our whole experience of the hotel was excellent . other reviews have noted the high end kitchen fitting , bathroom fittings and audio visual equipment - so no more has to be said on that front . the airconditioning was very quiet , coming from a county that does not use a c generally - it is helpful to have a very quiet system when one is trying to sleep . any time we went to the pool - we had it to ourselves and maybe one other person . the pool has no real deep end which would suit small children who do not like diving . the view from the pool area is down the river to the lake and also towards the loop . i did feel that the exposed surface finish on the pool area ceiling was very like fire-safeing used on steel work , and could have been upgraded to a more decorative finish . the changing room was high quality with all the accessories one would need . signage between the pool exercise area and the changing rooms might need to be upgraded because when i was waiting for my small daughter to finish her shower , out came an unclad man from the sauna - who tried to convince me that we were in the mens room - luckly i noticed the womens products on the counter top previously so i knew we were in the right room ! i drew his attention to that fact and he left and she was none the wiser . check-in out were really quick . the staff were always so helpful and friendly . housekeeping was a bit slow on a couple of occassions in that the room has not been made up by mid afternoon , even though we would have been out of the room since early in the morning . the construction work didn ' t really affect our stay . we did notice the noise of the lift when we went back to our room mid afternoon . there was no noise after Npm . there is scaffolding at ground level but there still are clear walkways to the varoius streets . the windows are a bit dirty given the work proceeding at high level , but again nothing that would really affect one ' s stay . i would recommend this hotel to any catagory of guest - however do book in soon to avail of a five star hotel at affordable prices . 
stayed here for a conference in the hotel in april N . the hotel had a nice check in , though on the second floor . the had an expres check in for hyatt gold members such as myself , which i used . they have N towers . i would recommend trying to be in the main tower , as it makes access to conference facilites , restaurants , etc , easier . if you want a dl type stay , with no prying eyes on your ins and outs , then maybe the other tower is for you ! got a nice high floor , with a view of another building ! i guess i had a partial river view ! new , modern room . nice furnishings , great state of repair . i think it was recently renovated . the number of elevators felt adequate for the number of floors rooms . food is expensive , as is room service . then again , you are in chicago , so you should probably eat out ! check out was a breeze , and the check out clerk was most helpful , telling me about a mileage promotion they were having . also , you can ' t beat the location , close to the mag . mile as well as state street . would definitely stay again . 
separate baths and showers , separate toilet room , full closets , decent toiletries , good restaurant bar , giant television . . what more could one want ? ? 
check in horrid service incompetent location excellent i stayed here for a conference . parking was pricey , the first room i got was occupied , and pool was small and not well kept . if you get a great rate stay here . if you are deciding between two hotels , pick the other one . this is not what you should expect from hilton . 
my son and i traveled to chicago to see the bears play at soldier field and we couldn ' t have picked a better place to stay . the hotel was close to the cta ( train from o ' hare ) station and within walking distance of shedd aquarium , field museum , soldier field , and so much more . we had a room with a lakefront view . everything was absolutely wonderful . 
i have been to the avenue hotel twice now . once with my husband and son , and once for a girls weekend . both times were fantastic ! the location is what drew me to the hotel in the first place , right near all the great shopping ! so the first time with my family , we had a big rooms with a so comfy king size bed for us , and a pullout couch for my son . he seemed fine with it ! so we had almost the same layout with the girls , only two beds and a pull out ! big , clean room , flat tv , small bathroom , but that was fine . my husband enjoyed the free internet with his laptop . service was wonderful ! the checkin went smoothly , the same girl checked us in both times , very nice , and let me know about what the hotel offered . one of the best parts ( of both trips ) was the concierge . he was knowledgable , and both times made great recommendations for the family and the girls night out . we even got some free passes for the girls night out to howl at the moon , martini park ( our two favorites ) and more . he made our stay most enjoyable , as did the rest of the staff , the doorman sami ( funny guy ) and the bartender in the lounge ( small place but great views ! ) we already have a reservation for another girls weekend in september , and have contacted vern the concierge for more information ! we can ' t wait ! 
it all started at the front desk with lorena and continued to get better until she checked me out N days later . she made me feel special and her assistance and smile could not have been better . 
we stayed one night at the willows while we were downtown for work . we thought the hotel was very nice , and the staff was helpful to us in finding a restaurant that had been recommended to us . we are from a small town , and really appreciated the relaxed , friendly atmosphere in the middle of the big city . 
title says it all . staff was rude on check in and out , tv barely worked , when the door for the next room closed it shook my entire room . 
stayed at palmer house with over a hundred extended family members for a wedding which was also held at palmer house . there were well over N in our party . the hotel is quiet beautiful and our double beds room was large and very nice . family members in king rooms were shocked at the tinyness of their rooms and all those in interior rooms facing walls were disapointed by the " small dark feeling of the rooms . " requested a late checkout ( N N rather that N N . ) was told , " no . " the manager was rude and unhelpful . finally agreed begrudgingly to let us stay for a N fee which we would have been happy to pay if given the option in the first place . N fee to use workout room N fee for internet unless you ' d like " slow " internet for N . N deposit for wireless apparatus . ridiculous . the attitude was " take it or leave it , babe . " no feeling of warmth or interest except by the housekeeping staff who were friendly and nice . 
i just returned from a stay at the knickerbocker and it was fantastic . the staff is incredibly attentive and the location is outstanding . i loved the martini bar and all of the food was really good too . the concierge helped me plan each day of my stay and i was able to maximize my chicago visit . i would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely return ! 
N ) location . . . . . . best spot for shopping on michigan ave . N ) staff . . . . we did not have one complaint about any staff member . top N staff . N ) rooms . . . . . . . very clean and well kept . average bathrooms . N ) parking . . . . . . . N really ? way too expensive . ihg can do better ! N ) room service . . . . did not use . N ) architecture . . . . top notch . incredible . N ) priority club . . . . they did not acknowledge my platinum status and did not offer an upgrade . they did let us check in at N a . m . and check out at N p . m . 
i just got home from a N night stay at the hyatt regency and i ' m glad to be home . i have stayed in worse hotels then this place , but i ' ve also stayed in much , much better , for less money . if you are going to chicago , try to find another place , but if you have to stay here , make the best of it ! the stetson ' s chophouse has good steaks , but i ' ve been to better ( old homestead , morton ' s ) but the piano player and accompaning singer was a nice touch . the bartenders are nice and quick . the front desk clerk was a little confused ( first day , maybe ? ) and the maid service was adequate but nothing special . this place was probably really great N years ago , now it ' s just old and tired . 
we stayed at the affinia in february and had a wonderful stay ! my daughter was interviewing at northwestern university , just a block away , so location was my first priority . we fell in love with the hotel--don ' t know if we ' ll be able to afford to stay here once the renovations are complete , so i ' m glad that we chose it for this trip . the staff is wonderful . they were always friendly and concerned that we had everything we needed . if you had any questions , they were always helpful . the front lobby was still under construction , but no worries . they supplied bottled water and snacks because the restaurant is not yet finished . we didn ' t have to change elevators , as others mentioned , so that part of the renovation must be done . the room was terrific . when i booked it , i was told it was a junior suite--it was huge ! an " office area " with a desk was located just inside the door . a few steps down from that was a large sitting area , with a couch , chair , refrigerator that was hidden inside a cabinet and a large tv that was swivelled so that you could either turn it towards the sitting area or the bed area . the king bed was soooo inviting and comfortable , with lamps on either side of the headboard . you could order several different kinds of pillows , including magnetic pillows and ones that would hook up to your i-pod so that you could listen to music through your pillow . the couch pulled out for sleeping , but my daughter and i camped out on the king-sized bed since my husband couldn ' t make the trip with us . therefore , i can ' t vouch for the comfort of the pull-out couch . the bathroom was small , but very comfortable . and the room just off the bathroom contained a lighted magnifying mirror . there was an ironing board and iron in the closet , along with a hair dryer and bathrobes . the closet also contained a safe . every room was spotless . our room was located next to the elevator , and you could hear it when you were in the bathroom . but we weren ' t bothered by it during the night . in fact , it was very quiet in the room we stayed in . we didn ' t hear any others coming or going . but the best part of the room were the windows , which ran along the entire wall of the room ! we looked out onto n . st . clair street from the Nst floor . it was beautiful at night . the hotel is just a block from michigan avenue and an easy walk to lots of places to eat and shop . my daughter went to the elephant and castle pub for a drink one night , so i was surprised when the hotel gave us a voucher to go there for breakfast . the menu was small , but the food was good . and i ' ll be back there for a drink the next time i ' m in town . all in all , we had a great stay . my daughter loved the hotel and i know that she ' d stay there again in a heartbeat . 
arrived for a business meeting and have traveled to many other hilton properties , i was looking forwared to this meeting . unfortunately i was disappointed . seems like the rooms need an upgrade . upon checking into my room , i was taken aback by the strong smell of cigarette smoke . i immediately switched rooms and was statisfied with my new room . the biggest problem with this hotel is the location . you have to take a cab everywhere , very inconvenient ! 
this was the second time we stayed at the burnham for a long weekend in chicago . it was once again great . we had an executive suite , which was ample size . nice views . . . could even see part of the lake . the staff is very friendly and attentive . we didn ' t eat at the atwood cafe , but we did spend some quality time at the bar . the bartender is a cocktail genius . ask for a lesson on gin ! we look forward to coming back soon . 
i just returned from a two night stay at the westin on michigan avenue . the staff were helpful and corteous , the ambience in the lobby was so relaxing , and the room ( a king deluxe with a lake view ) was clean , comfortable , and everything that i imagined it would be . i always seem to have success with the westin chain . the heavenly bed is just that . . . heavenly . we had dinner at the grill downstairs on saturday night and we found the food and the service to be delightful . also , the location of this hotel cannot be beat . it ' s right next door to the hancock observatory and we walked to millennium park in about ten minutes . cabs sit right outside and are always ready when you need them . i definitely would recommend the westin to anyone visiting chicago . 
my husband , son and i stayed N nights at the hyatt . the location was great - a short walk to tons of attractions and steps away from ' the magnificent mile ' . the service was also top notch by every employee at the hotel . on our second and last night i woke up and flipped the comforter over to get out of bed . it was a little further than i usually toss it , and i noticed a yellow stain on the underside . i was disgusted and surprised but when i continued to turn the comforter over - i was speechless . there were two large basket ball sized urine stains on the underside of the comforter N feet away from the foot of the bed . the stains were dry and there were no other marks anywhere on the bed . i immediately took pictures and called the front desk to request a manager . a person named kaylee came in and was also disgusted and was shocked that it wasn ' t thrown out . i explained to him that i did not want to ask for any compensation as no dollar amount could justify sleeping in urine . he understood and explained that he would take care of it and he would make things right and seemed genuinely concerned . we went for breakfast then proceeded to check out . at the front desk we saw that he did in fact request a refund , but only partial . we were still billed for things like parking , internet usage , etc . we actually paid over N for staying N nights in a bed with urine stains that may or may not have been washed ( they still can ' t prove if it was a washed stain or if it was unwashed ) . i went back and told them to take the money back and i would rather pay full price then take their partial refund . it felt like a slap in the face . even the agent at the front desk told me that if i went to him first he would have wiped the slate clean and refunded everything and agreed that it was their opportunity to make things right . he was seemed shocked that the manager didn ' t request a full refund . he mentioned that even him as an agent could have authorized it . i am upset that a hotel like the hyatt could penny pinch . but my main concern is that i would never have seen this urine - it was an accident . how many other people in that hotel are sleeping on filthy bedding ? how can i report this to a higher authority ? any help would be appreciated . 
i stayed at the congress on a saturday night , october N while attending the play dirty dancing . i searched high and low for a hotel in downtown chicago that didnt cost over N . N a night or that wasnt a dump . being a travel agent i had a lot of resources at my disposal . upon entering the hotel i was in awe of the fancy lobby . we stayed in the buckingham wing . our room was on a smoking floor . the smell was a little overwhelming , but mangeable . upon entering the room i was pleased to see a flat screen tv on the wall and an updated bathroom . all our linens were clean and fresh smelling . when asked for additonal pillows and towels they were promptly delivered to our room . as a traveler , the N previous reviews were not at all what i experienced . granted it depends on the type of traveler and what their expectations are . if your room was so bad , ask to be moved to another room . if you are looking for a nice place to rest your head after a long day in chicago this is great for location and price . in the future may i suggest asking for the buckingham wing . our room seemed much nicer than those described in other reviews . 
my girlfriend and i stayed a weekend at the palmer house and enjoyed the experience . i booked a room on the hilton website and took a non-refundable discount rate for an executive floor room . the room was clean , good sized and and the beds were very comfortable . the hotel staff was very accomodating . the executive lounge had a continental breakfast that was just enough and an evening presentation of hors d ' ouvres that was good as well . executive lounge seemed very noisy when it filled up compared to other lounges i have used . we will return to the hotel in the future . ps if you like old architecture check out the lobby and inside the jewelry store that is located next to the entrance of the hotel , they don ' t build them like that anymore . 
i enjoyed my stay at this hotel . it is in a great local , walgreens across the street , my bank a few blocks away in both directions , jamaba juice next door and my favorite coffee shop intelligentsia in chicago only a few blocks north . yes the rooms are small but i have stayed in smaller ( beverly terrace in beverly hills ) . but i found the room very clean as well as the bathroom . the front desk folk were great on advice on transport and local eats . the only issue i had with the hotel is at least with my room there should be a sign posted next to the bathroom watch your step . upon entering i had to use the restroom and almost killed myself since i hadn ' t turned on enough lights and tripped on the step up to get in the bathroom . the second , third and forth things i didn ' t like about the hotel was the lack of water pressure , hot water for the shower unless it is morning but even then it is lacking and the very slow drain in the bath tub . as for the very slow drain in the bath tub i just chalked it up as having old pipes . i unfort . forgot to mention this upon check out as i had an early morning flight and was still half asleep . if anyone mentions this to the staff what is was their reply ? over all though i did enjoy my stay and just now booked a room for a couple days to let my hair down in oct . 
we stayed over the july Nth weekend . room was very quiet and the service from the hotel was excellent . requested a refrigertor and room service promptly delivered . the bathroom sink is elegant to look at but impractical . shallow basin causes water to splash out . roof top bar is apparently " the place " as it was very popular day and night . outstanding views of the city . 
stayed at the palmer house hilton for a conference . the lobby and conference facilities were beautiful , and the location of the hotel would be hard to beat . but the guest room was pretty depressing . dingy , poor lighting , peeling paint , a window looking across a small courtyard into other guest room windows . one shouldn ' t expect a room in an older hotel to be large , but the layout of the furniture was a bit ridiculous - the space between the desk and armoir ( leading into the bathroom ) was perhaps N inches ! if location is important to you , this might be a good choice . but i wouldn ' t recommend the palmer house for any other reason . 
loved the hyatt . check in was a N minute deal and we checked in early which was great ! room was on the Nth floor which was great . location is probably one of the best in chicago free trolleys to navy pier , macy ' s and other spots . michigan ave ( mag . mile is N block away . millenium park also N block over . great restaurants abound catch N is fabulous also the chophouse is also great . also , there ' s a free shuttle to an indiana casino that leaves from the west tower every few hours . also , a great italian bistro in the west tower that has great italian food and sandwiches . also had a party in the atrium with our group food was very good . enjoyed our short stay , and would ' nt hesitate to stay here again . 
frequently stay at embassy suites properties and this one is not too bad . . . starting to show a little wear and tear , but still decent . the location is probably the best you can get in chicago . . . . close to great restaurants , shopping , and attractions within walking distance . room was just fine and the bed was nice as well . i have to compliment the staff for their organization regarding the managers reception and breakfast . despite the number of folks staying at the hotel , the lines were not too long and there was always a table available . the bar , restaurant , and service staff were polite and friendly . i like embassy suites and this one did not disappoint . 
i reached holiday inn late night at N am and to my surprise , i got as warm welcome as it would have been N noon . my keys with my free upgrade coupo and meals were ready at the desk . the bell boy dropped my luggage ( mind it at N . Nam ) till my room which was at Nth floor . the room was awesome . the refrigerator , free high speed internet , fluffy beds and sexy view took my heart away . to add to my happinness there was free fruit basket and snacks basket . also bottels of mineral water were complimentary . next to the breakfast , one word is - " awesome " . there was a complete range of american and mexican breakfast in buffet style . the timings are N-N am . it is well connected with the cta route and can be reached using metra . there is a temporary luggage stuffing section also , in case you want to check out at prescribed N noon and want to come back to pick up luggage . another thing , is that it is very near to a N hour pizzeria , so you can reash for it even N am in the morning , in case you are feeling hungry . every floor has the snack and cold drink vending machine . there is a swimming pool at the top floor as well as a gymnasium . trhe tv has all channels including hot ones but certain channels might need extra payments . all ion all it is value for money if you are in chicago ! 
we got an excellent deal on a room at the hilton chicago . the price was great but when we got there the room was the size of a closet ( we booked a king suite ) . the wireless internet , workout area , and basically anything else was an extra cost . nothing comes free at this hotel . the location was fabulous and i would recommend the hotel just because of the location . also be prepared to pay a lot for parking whether you park in a public garage or the one provided by the hotel . 
husband i come to chicago every thanksgiving week . we ' ve stayed numerous places throughout the years . and , the hampton is a very nice hotel . it was a milestone birthday for me so i asked for a room - highest floor -- and we ended up w a large corner suite due to having hiltonhonor cards . had separate bedroom and full kitchen w a bar . work area and sitting area . it was really spacious . also rm . N looked out on the trump tower which is almost complete . didn ' t use the onsite restaurant but it looked nice and reasonable . the free breakfast was efficiently handled . robust coffee was great ! location was perfect w lots of restaurants and shopping w in a few blocks . we always hit boston blackies on grand and giordano ' s up on rush st . staff at the hotel were always pleasant . room was ready when we got there and check out was a breeze . 
i stayed at this hotel last year but seemed to liked it more then . this is a conveniently located property with an attractive lobby . staff are nice . however , my room was very small and the wall paper in the bathroom was peeling and the tile was coming off the wall . fitness facility was ok but didn t have any weight training equipment . i ve stayed here before and would probably stay here again but wouldn t look forward to it . 
always dependable . . . always a great experience . i was in town for a conference and while everyone else stayed just blocks away at the conference hotel , i decided to avoid the crowds and the noise and stay at the renaissance . the experience starts at the entrance where the valet quickly took my luggage from the trunk and opened the door to the hotel . . . . a smile at the front desk and a welcomed hello . the room was fantastic , the people where polite and service was great . wouldn ' t think of staying anywhere else ! 
this past winter was the second time my husband and i stayed at this property and loved it again . growing up near chicago and visiting frequently , i have stayed at many properties there , and this is one of my favorites . the location is great ! i would definitely book a michigan ave . view room . i booked online through their website and got a great deal . i paid up front and got a two night stay on a weekend with a michigan ave . view plus parking for N total ( parking is normally N day alone ) . i would highly suggest going on their website , as they usually have great online deals that you won ' t get through another website or by calling to book reservations . the lobby is nice and check-in was quick both times . one complaint i have is that i wish the concierge was around more that they had more than one . we were there on a weekend and they disappeared after about N N both nights . plus , as there was only one , there is often a long line waiting to ask questions . we got just a standard room and it was nice for what we paid . the bed is comfortable , and like i said , our view of the street was great . the workout room is a tad small for the size of the building--about N or N treadmills , a couple ellipticals and a couple bikes . while we were there , two treadmills also were not working . if it ' s nice outside , you can always just run outside i guess , but in feb . , that wasn ' t an option . overall , i would definitely stay here again . the location is great , yet i didn ' t notice any street noise while we were sleeping . i have stayed at other westin properties , too , and have been pleased every time . 
one weekend day in chicago . having stayed at the hilton garden inn before , i thought i ' d step it up a bit and go for the omni . found the place after parking in a meter spot ( free on sunday ) and walking six blocks . walked into the first floor stand and asked about checking my bag as it was N Nam . the young lady and bell person said the lobby was on the third floor , and they would probably be able to check me in early . i really didn ' t believe them , thinking they should have checked my bag , but i get to the third floor , ask about a early check in and could not believe i got in at N Nam . to the Nth floor , typical omni , rooms seem to be better built , better quality overall . the pics are an actual depiction . walk four blocks to the red line , and jewels osco supermarket . went to new comisky and returned after the game . felt tired as i had been up since Nam and decided to order pizza . the delivery guy must have gotten stopped because i got a call from guest services inquirying if i ordered food which i said " of course , deep dish , " so this hotel is up on their security . recieved another call later in the evening about transportation the next morning from the front desk and i declined as i had it planned . i woke up at Nam again to go to the fitness center . this kinda mean lady told me it was open at Nam . i ' ve stayed at other omni ' s and they would call security to open the room just for me . not this lady . i asked about printing a boarding pass and she points me to the business center which charges N per N minutes . i read in previous reviews the front desk printed boarding passes but not the night time desk lady . she looked like she could have killed me for bothering her so that ' s why four instead of five stars . overall , another solid stay at the omni except for you know who . 
i took a school group here for a few nights on a field trip in chicago . great value for the price . location was perfect for touristy things and walking distance to all sorts of things on michigan ave . breakfast was amazing and the interior is maybe a little dated but still nice . the rooms are fairly basic but looked like the furnishing were fairly new . great views in every one of our N rooms . the pool was too small and too chlorinated but that was the only downside to our stay . 
stayed here for one night in february , N . the hotel is situated in a business-y area w many other hotels , although magnificent mile is w in easy walk ( maybe a N minute walk away ) . however , there ' s not much for nightlife other than the hotel restaraunts and bars very close by , although we walked to an area w plenty of bars ( about a N minute walk , and only a N cab ride back ) . the room was very nice , very clean . the bathroom was also very nice and very clean . the hotel was very quiet . overall , i was extremely pleased . we got a great deal on hotwire ( only N per night ) - i think a hotel like this would easily be N per night in nyc or boston . 
hotel monaco chicago is a great value in a wonderful location . if i compare it to hotels of equal price and location , it gets five stars , but if i compare it to another kimpton property that we loved , the monaco in portland , or , i have to dock it a star just for some areas that aren ' t quite on portland ' s level . anyway , we ' d stay here again in a heartbeat . we had a " river view " king . room N ( top floor ) that we booked on a special rate of N night . now , it isn ' t the same river view that we ' ve had on a high floor at the chicago hyatt , but we didn ' t pay only N there either ! views were best if you climb up into the roomy window seat , and then the view is of the wabash bridge , river , and the marina towers ( " corn cobs " ) . if you increase in room numbers , you will get closer to wacker st and have more view of the trump tower and overlook the christian science reading room . smaller numbers ( N-N ) are going to put you farther from the river and closer to the sounds of the el . we could hear the train , but it was not loud enough to bother us . if we had been in N or N , it may have been loud enough to keep us up , but i don ' t know for sure . looking back in the other direction , we had a view of the sears tower , lit up for the holidays as well as the lit steeple of the first united methodist church which is across from daley plaza . upon arrival we had a morning flight and then about a N minute ride on the blue line from o ' hare with a N block walk from the station at clark and lake to the hotel . that was all very easy and made me glad we ' d skipped renting a car and paying the N night parking ! we arrived earlier than we thought , around N am , but they had a room for us , so it was great to be able to go ahead and check in . our kimpton program perk for the weekend was simply a key to the mini bar and our choice of N free items , up to N in value . on the other hand , when we stayed in portland , we had a room upgrade and a bottle of wine , but , sigh , i know that can ' t happen every time ! the riverview king is a typical king room , with one upholstered chair in the corner , and a desk . the bathroom had a nice size granite countertop , but a traditional tub shower that was not oversized . we were very surprised that the hotel tv had limited cable and was not even broadcast digital ( which i am not sure how that could be the case ) . i really think they need to go ahead and be providing hd . we ' ve had it at home for N years ! however , we weren ' t chicago to watch tv , so that ' s all i need to say . i noticed some faint odors of mildew each morning , but i could not pin-point it , and it was not all that strong , so i did not complain . overall , the room was quiet , and in comparison to other chains , it is exceptional , but there was some hall noise and distant chimes of the elevator . also , i heard a barking dog from a room down the hall one night , and another night there was a crying baby . this is another reason that i only gave four stars . at the portland monaco , we never heard a thing and were so amazed at the soundproofing there ! the nightly complimentary wine reception was cozy and the staff also brought out some flatbreads that were tasty . a psychic handwriting analyst casually circled the room and offered her services in a non-imposing way . interesting touch , but we did not partake . there is lobby coffee in the mornings but only until Nam . our housekeeper must have noticed ( from the empty paper cups ) that we went down for coffee and brought it back to the room , so she had left us an in-room coffee maker on the Nnd day of our visit . we had turn-down service each night with chocolates on the pillow and the tv turned to a yoga program . ( i ' d been doing a yoga program one evening before we went to dinner , so perhaps the staff noticed and tuned it to a different program for me for the night ? ? ) i also like that we left for dinner at varying times each evening , but somehow the staff must have known because they always did turn-down service while we were gone , instead of knocking while we were still in the room , which i find awkward when it happens in other establishments . we walked or took the train everywhere we went , and found the monaco a perfect location for michigan ave oak st shopping and checking out the german christmas market in daley plaza . we also walked to the art institute on thursday evening because it stays open late with free admission ( N-Npm ) . we took the brown line up to shop in lincoln park and rode the red purple up to evanston to visit friends . if you are a walker , then all of this is doable from the monaco without a car ! it was not a problem to check our bags with the bell hop on our last day and stop back by the hotel and get our bags before walking to the train station to catch the blue line back to o ' hare . so incredibly convenient ! ! yay to kimpton ! it ' s the little things and the friendly staff and the mentality that hotels don ' t have to be super expensive to be a great experience . 
this was our first trip to the conrad in chicago . we were very pleased with the property and the location . i would certainly say this hotel is on par with other conrad hotels we have enjoyed . we travel to chicago frequently and have stayed at over a dozen hotels ( including other hilton properties and some of the landmark properties like the drake and palmer house ) . when we return , the conrad will be our hotel of choice . it is situated in a great location at the magnificient mile , has a friendly staff and gorgeous suites . 
i traveled to chicago the first week of august with my wife and two children . we chose this hotel because of its proximity to the musuems . it was definately the right choice . i did not have any of the problems the previous reviewers had . we stayed on an executive floor ( paid N night avg by calling direct to hotel ) . so i am not sure the impact the executive floor had on our service . check-in took less than N minutes . our bags were delivered to the room shortly after we got there . anyone that travels to boston or nyc on a regular basis will consider these rooms more than spacious . we had two full bathrooms , which is great for traveling with kids . the rooms were very clean , linens excellent and all the furniture in very good shape . my only concern is that the doormen are not very knowledgeable about thier city . i cannot comment on the hotel food because we like to sample a city ' s offering . there are several excellent venues within a few blocks to get a bite to eat . i would recommend this hotel to either business or family travelers . 
my wife and i came with our two infant babies and i had called ahead a day early to make sure that two cribs were placed in the room and a refrig for their formula . i was told no problem we will take care of it , so when we landed we called again and said please make sure the items were in the room and that the refrig be turned on so it will be cold . we were again told , " we see the notes on the reservation and we will make sure it is take care of " . when we arrived at Npm after flying from california there was only one crib in the room and the refrig was in the room but was turned on to the least cool setting so it was still warm . the crib was soon sent up and i moved the chair to find a ketchup packet ( unused ) under the chair . i said okay no problem , then in the corner of the room was some paper , and then behind the curtain more trash . it wasnt dirty paper , it just made me question the cleaniness of the room . the next day i noticed that the shelves under the tv were covered with dust and that the sheets had a hole in them , the door to the minibar has a broken hinge and the door to the bath room is all chewed up as if someone pried the door open . but let me tell you that the staff made up for all the shortcomings . they were pleasant , and very helpful since i was tarveling with my N month old twins . this is the third time i have stayed at this hotel and it is truely a gem for customer service . . . thank you to rhonda and the staff for taking care of my family while visiting your city . i will be back . 
the hotel was nice . the room was spacious tastefully decorated . there was a good variety of food on the breakfast buffet although i thought it was a little odd that there were no bagels nor muffins . the hotel was in a good location close to bus stops . we were able to take the bus all over the downtown area . the only negative we experienced was that all of our keys would not work when we got back to our room the first night . they gave us new room keys told us to keep them away from any cell phones credit cards . i ' ve never had a hotel tell me that before . my key only worked that one time . i didn ' t bother getting a new key again . i kept the key in the same place in my purse that i have kept other hotel keys this is the first hotel i ' ve ever had a key problem . otherwise , we had an enjoyable stay . 
i stayed a couple of nights at the burnham recently . it ' s got the qualities of a small hotel and the amenities of a large one . the staff were friendly andvery professional . the restaurant is one of the best in downtown . the location is perfect for museums , shopping , strolling the waterfront . the room was immaculate and comfortable ( the bed was great ! ) . and not too expensive . what more could you ask for ? 
it seemed like such a promising start they had a room ready for me when i got there very early . sure it was a queen , and i ' d paid for a king , but i could put up with that . sadly , it was all down hill from there . . . after heading out for the day i returned to the room for the evening and tried to set up a wake up call , but for some reason the phone in the room was set to ' rotary ' and while i could hear it churning , it wasn ' t connecting with anyone . i gave up and set alarm on my watch and went to bed . but i couldn ' t sleep because of the stratchy things in the bed turn out they were toe nail clippings . yep , the bed had only been made after the last user , the sheets hadn ' t been cleaned . disgusting . in the morning i went for a shower , but the setting on the shower head was stuck between two settings and wouldn ' t move . all i was getting was a dribble by the one cluster of massaging jets the other two clusters were too full of gunk to send water out . disgusting ! i told the front desk this ( again , phone not working . . . had to go down in person ) , and when i returned for my second ( and thankfully last ) night the shower was working properly and the phone working . and the sheets appeared to be clean . unfortunately the rest of the bedding wasn ' t so good . i had noticed it was cold the previous night , but there was a major cold snap on in chicago so i just put it down to that . that day , however , had been mild and so there shouldn ' t be a problem . that is when i really looked at the bedding ( other than the toenail-ridden sheets ) and discovered there was only one blanket on the bed . a summer-weight blanket . and the bed spread was also a summer weight blanket . also , no extra blanket in the closet , as you ' d expect in most hotels . i spent the first half of the night waking up every hour , getting up and turning the heat up in the room and then tucking myself back in and hoping it would get better . finally , around N am i got up , maxed out the heating , folded the blankets over a few times and got fully dressed before returning to bed . i managed to sleep the rest of the night until my early wakeup call . when i tried to check out using the on-screen process it said that it could not be done . great ! another stop when i am trying to rush out . . . i go to the front desk and am told that i couldn ' t check out that way because i had prepaid the hotel through a third party , and i had to pay for the incidentals . i said , yes , but i gave you a credit card for the incidentals at check in . it is the credit card that you just finished saying " should i just leave it on your . . . . . . card ? " i am treated to a lecture on how if i had gone through the hotel to book my room this wouldn ' t have happened . way to punish your customers ! to add insult to injury , i am coming off the elevators on the first floor and the bell man walks by , heading away from the front door . i am almost at the front door ( a good N feet away ) and i hear " hey you ! do you want a cab ? " yelled at me . no , i don ' t want a cab , what i want is something to help me forget the horrible stay i had at this disgusting hotel . p . s . it is a day later and i now have a major head cold . wonder why . . . 
this hotel seems to get mixed reviews , but our experience was great . this is a very large property , but the location is excellent , convenient to much that chicago has to offer . check-in was quick , but do yourself a favour and join their gold passport club free , which has a dedicated check in line , and which will enable you to be upgraded if they can which is what we were lucky enough to experience . the upgraded room was on one of the regency floors , which apart from being the better rooms also entitles you to continental breakfast buffet . . . a great deal for chicago at the rate we paid of N-N . room was recently renovated and was in top condition due to this . i would stay here again . 
i chose this hotel for its location and because it had a microwave and refrigerator ( i love to be able to have my own snacks and beverages ) but i was amazed when i saw the room ! it was huge and nicely decorated ! it had a full kitchen including stove , dishes , pots , etc . , N large closets , and even a washer and dryer ! the staff was incredibly pleasant and helpful and the complimentary breakfast was great too , including a hot entree and make your own waffles . 
great location to downtown art and entertainment . the staff was exceptional . rooms were comfy . the next morning we did not feel as if we had just slept at a hotel . 
i stayed at this place when i was taking the bar examination . clean and comfortable room . it is a great location down by the watertower and right across from the drake . it has a pretty good value for being right in the middle of the summer time . the place was quiet at night . the room service was excellent . overall it is a pretty good value for putting you right in the middle of michigan ave . 
very pleasant stay . . . the service of the staff was very professional and accomodating ! 
the hampton inn majestic was a wonderful experience from the minute we entered the doors . the gentlemen at the front door were some of the nicest people we have ever met at a hotel . we enjoyed seeing them every morning as we went out for our adventures . the people at the desk were just as helpful . our room was large and really quiet . our room was the first from the elevator and we never heard a noise . this room in downtown chicago was quieter than our house in the burbs . breakfast had a hefty selection of food . while the hot food was standard fare of eggs and sides there was enough of other options to make it sufficent each day . previous reviews talked about how crowded the breakfast area was but we were there for N days and did not see any congestion . overall we were very happy with our decision to stay at the hampton inn magestic . 
my girlfriend and i decieded to get away for the christmas holiday this year . we went to chicago for christmas eve and chrstmas day . we went to priceline and got sax hotel ( old house of blues hotel ) . we took the train to chicago and thought we would drop our bags at the hotel because check in was not till Npm . when we dropped our bags off the hotel let us check in at Nam . the hotel was clean and we stayed on the Nth floor out of N ) our room was clean and the beds were so comfortable . the fitness center was nice but we opted to run on michigan avenue christmas morning . most of everything was closed and barely any foot traffic so we took advantage of that . we found plenty to do here during our stay from the german open market at the daily plaza to navy pier . walking around downtown chicago on christmas eve looking decorations while it was snowing was the best . we had a great dinner at sullivans on dearborn . sleeping in christmas day was the best ! the hotel was quiet and the staff was friendly . we both would stay thier again ! 
the location was good . check-in was ok . asked for non smoking room , given floor with half smoking half non smoking . we could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened . we asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor . they did not bring up the key , we had to go down to the lobby to get it . breakfast could have had some healthy choices , the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh . bananas not ripe . room only had one wash cloth , had to call down for more . housekeeping never showed up at our room . not for turndown service , not for the morning clean -up . called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the do not disturb sign . they said they would come up and they never came when they said they would . we finally told them not to come because of the time . we wanted to get ready to go out for dinner . never greeted by anyone as we came and went . i have stayed at the peninsula and the burnham . the burnham was booked during our stay or i would have stayed there . i will never stay at this hotel again , not worth N . N a night
we stayed four days in a junior suite . the hotel is well located and the staff was very helpful . everything combined to make our stay very enjoyable . 
i give the hotel N stars on everything except for the comfort of the beds . my back was so sore every morning that i could hardly move , and i am only N . when arriving at the hotel , it has great style , very good service and the location is awesome . it is walking distance to the shops on the magnificent mile and right next to the house of blues . the hotel hallways are a little spooky but in a very cool and hip kind of way . i think its like entering the tower of terror hotel at disney world , but again , in a cool way . the hotel is immaculately clean and no issues on that side . the rooms are also very clean , a little on the small side , but with tons of style and touches . we did a lot of shopping , so by the end of the trip , our room was filled with bags and a little difficult to walk around in because of the lack of space . the shower was also small , but in the end , i didn ' t mind the size . ok , now the problem . the beds are horrible . they feel fine at first , but after a night of sleep , i was aching in the morning . hotel sax management , you have got to replace the beds . overall , i still give the hotel N stars because i really liked it , but please , replace the beds ! 
i recently stayed at the swissotel in downtown chicago for a business meeting . the pros are the location ( near everything conveniently ) , the best bed i ever slept in ( very comfortable ! ) in a hotel , clean , and good service . the cons were had to pay N . N everyday for internet service ( would think it would be included given how much i was paying per night for my room ) , had to valet my rental every time too ( which cost extra ) , and they would charge my credit card as i was staying there instead of charging me in one lump sum at the end of my stay to avoid confusion ( had to clear certain transactions that were made by accident by the hotel a couple of times ) . plus , i ' m big on soundproof walls and i could hear the guy in the next room yawning as if he was right next to me ( dislike ) . all in all , i would stay here again only if i had to just for the bed alone but i most likely would stay somewhere else that had free internet included and thicker walls . 
you can ' t beat the allerton for location , but even a motel six beats it for customer service ( or at least the service i received ) . when i arrived , for a business trip , the distracted and seemingly unhappy desk clerk put me in a terrible room , tucked behind the elevator . . . tiny . . . dark . . . bed went from one wall to the other , so you had to climb across it to cross the room . i called and requested another room . i was put on a different floor in the same type of room -- only it smelled dank and unpleasant . it wasn ' t until i went back down to the desk and demanded a better , sunnier , room that i got one . the desk clerk didn ' t look too happy , however . that indifference ( it even felt like hostility at times ) characterized the service during my entire four day stay . 
just returned from a N-day stint in chicago , one of my favorite cities . this time , i stayed at the starwood property , chicago hotel towers . it was a great trip ! prior to arrival , danita harth , the chief experience officer , sent a welcome greeting via email , which i thought was a particularly ingenious way of being proactive about a guest ' s upcoming visit . very nice touch ! -and she was charming and helpful to boot ! upon arrival , i was pleasantly greeted by bell captain . i arrived before noon and though i could not get into my room at that time , i left my phone number and was pleasantly contacted prior to the usual check-in time , to access my room . what a delightful service not mentioned in brochures . i had access to internet from my room , and i made the most of the ammenities in the hotel . the reception desk was staffed with friendly and efficient people , and the concierge was equally as helpful . i had a drink at the bar one of the best old fashions i ' ve had in ages , and enjoyed chatting with colleagues in the spacious and well-decorated lobby . my room was extremely clean and neat and the bed was as always at a starwood resort- " heavenly . " two nites of my stay and two mornings , i was greeted by the friendly staff in the club lounge where i had a continental breakfast and evening wine and snack . connie was particularly kind and helpful . she has been working there for ages , and she really takes pride in her work . it shows . she is cordial and she really made us feel at home . i only wish i could have made it back for coffee and brownies in the evening ! finally , i shipped packages out upon departure , and the business center guys were helpful and efficient . all in all , the entire experience was a delight . i would highly recommend a stay at this hotel . it ' s convenient to just about everything and the hotel really caters to your every need . and . . . you can earn starwood points to return for a leisure trip , which i plan to do this summer ! thanks , folks . it was really all just " heavenly ! " 
stayed for N nights , and thought it was an ok hotel in a great location . to find good hotel deals in chicago is not easy , i learned that even an ordinary hotel room can cost more than N a night , which i find absolutely insane . this hotel was the cheapest marriott option in town . we paid around N per night , not too bad . continental breakfast included . the room was nothing special . the interior was nothing to write home about , but the bed was comfortable ( marriott ' s beds are the best ) . the room was of standard size , but i guess small for american standards . desk staff seemed very busy , and not particulary helpful . they seemed almost annoyed when asked a simple question . when we asked for an adapter they just gave us an adress where we could buy one . i think it is very strange that a hotel in a major city don ' t have adapters . anyway , we loved the location , walking distance to many of the main attractions , including navy pier , and would recommend this property if you do not wish to pay the ridiculous prices some of the other hotels are charging . 
we booked via lastminute . com but would have obtained a far better price booking direct with the hotel . when we arrived we received a free upgrade which was great . when affinia say the rooms have been refurbished they mean it . it was absolutely great and had the wow factor to it . we will not list all that was in the room except to say that every possible need was catered for . there was no expense spared when it came to the d cor or presentation . the staff were always friendly and helpful . the location was great as it is off the main roads but only N yards from what s going on . a good local breakfast and evening pub food could be found at the elephant castle one block away . another place you must try for breakfast is the famous west egg caf a few blocks away . another suggestion for evening meal ( particularly if it is raining ) is the original gino s just next door to the hotel and do go and try the cheesecake by the water tower , great food . 
we stayed at the fitzpatrick for two nights in a one bedroom suite . our daughter slept on the sleeper sofa . despite a few disappointments , we enjoyed the low key atmopshere and the location . it was great to avoid the crowds and traffic found near the larger hotels . this hotel is easy to reach by car ( valet parking ! ) , but everything is within walking distance after that . there are good restaurants in the neighborhood ( see below ) , including down st . clair street a classic diner for breakfast or a bakery cafe with lots of outdoor seating . the room was quiet , spacious and comfortable and the bed excellent , but the bathroom was extremely cramped and average in appearance . there was no other vanity area set up , although there was plenty of room in the suite for one . the decor was tired looking , with scuff marks on the walls , a few stains on the carpet and missing floor trim pieces . it was sufficiently clean . this hotel is used by the british airways flight attendants and pilots . the staff is friendly ( mostly irish ) and well-trained , but always expect a wait at the front desk . the elevator is small and the hallways narrow , which gives it the " boutique " feel . someone left a glass of pop with several cigarette butts swimming in it on the table in the hallway ( gross ) , and it was never removed by housekeeping during our stay . the pub in the basement is great , with a classy but warm and inviting atmosphere . there are outdoor tables available as well , although it was too hot to enjoy them . we left some clothes behind in a dresser by mistake and had difficulty getting the hotel staff to retrieve them . eventually they did , but we had to pay the return postage . we had to leave the hotel before N am , when the bell staff starts their shift . we almost couldn ' t get our car out of the valet , and we had to bring the baggage cart upstairs ourselves to get the luggage on our own , because the other front desk person was delivering room bills . overall these were minor inconveniences , and we would consider staying there again . there ' s a fantastic " authentic " syle italian restaurant down the street at st . clair and grand called volare . if you stay at the fitzpatrick , check it our for lunch or dinner ! 
this is a newer hotel on south michigan ave . not my favorite location . . . . shopping on michigan ave is further north , but the actual hotel and rooms make up for it . i was in a corner room , so i had plenty of light and a nice view of the city . i have to say that my favorite part of the room ( other than the great renaissance bedding ) was the bathroom . the only way i can describe it is " sexy " . stand up glass shower with a rain shower head , great lighting and very contemporary fun black and white wall vinyl . i didn ' t interact with the staff much , but those that i did were friendly and professional . starbucks in the lower lobby is a great perk . overall a fun hotel . 
i have stayed here in the past , and although the rooms are small , it is a clean and well kept hotel . i called to make reservations for a suite this august N , and the reservationist asked how many people , i said N , then she polietly asked what was bringing me to the area , i said it was my birthday . she then changed her tone , and immediately says , " first let me state " we don ' t allow parties . . . . . . i said , oh no , it ' s nothing like that , just me and my boyfriend . . . . . . ( i ' m N yrs . old ) but geez . . . . not a , " oh how nice , it ' s your birthday , or " that ' s nice , here ' s a nice room for you " . . . . just right off the bat , " we don ' t allow parties " i was pretty much instantly turned off from making the reservation . i even thought i would looked into a birthday package room or special occassion package rate , but i think i ' ll look elsewhere . 
we just came back from staying at the james for N days and loved it . though i didn ' t use it , my hunny says the gym was excellent and the running routes provided by the concierge ( Nhr ! ) was beautiful . our king bed was super comfy and love the little treats each night from our turn-down service . excellent location and i highly recommend the free bike service . . we rode around chicago for N hours without a care in the world ! i ' d like to personally thank meg w for doing such a great job helping me sort out my reservation changes and krista k for advice before and during our stay . our first time in chicago and it was very well spent . . ! thanks james . 
i was booked into this hotel by my hosts when i was invited to speak at a conference . everything about it looked fabulous on-line , but i was a little worried by some of the reviews . i actually had a wonderful stay . i was in room N in the historic tower . i got to see a lot of the hotel , because we had events in various places . overall , it is a wonderful hotel . my room was very large and beautifully furnished , but , because i like to review hotels i ' ve stayed in and felt that i wasn ' t having the average experience , i started asking other conference attendees how their rooms were . the two people i asked separately were unenthusiastic and complained of small , " o . k . " rooms . the lowest conference rate those paying guests got was N . the conference rate for the room i stayed in was N . depending on where in the country you are from , you may have very high expectations when spending that kind of money . my own room was very large and beautifully furnished . it had a king-sized bed , a lovely armoir that housed the television and mini-bar items , a desk and upholstered chair , an easy chair and ottoman , a small sofa , and an upholstered bench at the end of the bed . everything was in perfect condition , the art was nice , and the room afforded that fabulous view down michigan avenue that another reviewer mentioned . there was a massaging shower head in the glass-enclosed shower in the lovely bathroom that also contained a tub . there were plenty of towels , and they were very nice and thick ( so i thought the towel complaint in another review was curious ) . a scale and a hairdryer were provided , and there was lotion , shower gel , and ample yardley soap . toiletries were replenished daily . a complimentary newspaper was also delivered daily , and the in-room coffee was actually very good ( i ' ve never said this before . ) now , even though i seem to have had an exceptional room and loved the hotel , i do agree with one of the reviews i read before my trip that said this is in no way a N-star hotel . here ' s why . first , the toiletries were not very nice . i usually bring my own shampoo , but decided that since i wouldn ' t be there too long and there was sure to be complimentary shampoo , i wouldn ' t bother -- big mistake . there was a combination shampoo conditioner that was not good . second , there was no make-up mirror , and i defy anyone to apply make-up with the available lighting . i also defy anyone to read using the lighting available in the main room . third , the robes provided were those spa-type waffle robes ( which i actually discovered i like , but most luxury hotels provide thick , terry robes ) . now , please don ' t get the idea that the bathroom was dirty . it wasn ' t . however , i could see stains at the back of the toilet bowl that extra attention with a brush would have eliminated . next , the hairdryer was that same basic andis wall-attached model that they have in even the most basic hotels . ( any woman would have to bring her own . ) finally , there was no turn-down service . in a N-star hotel , one expects to return home in the evening to a turned down bed , robes laid out , chocolate on the pillow , and soft music playing on the radio . guests staying in even the worst available room in a N-star hotel should not be saying , " it was o . k . but nothing special . " now , on to the pool . although the pool is surrounded by patio-type furniture , this is neither the sort of pool that you ' d relax around or a suitable playground for kids . there is nothing romantic about it . the pool and room have historical interest . the pool is long and divided into several lanes . this is a pool to swim laps in -- nothing more . if you are a swimmer , however , everything i just wrote will be hugely appealing . there was little competition for a lane in this pool at N N a . m . , and at other times , i never saw anyone in it . 
for the memorial day weekend of N , i visited chicago . as i planned my itinerary , i initially shot for an airport hotel to save money , then figured on renting a car . but when my chicago area friend suggested that i ditch the car rental and book a downtown hotel to better experience the city , i decided to look both in the loop and in the river north areas . somehow , sutton place caught my fancy , and i booked there . this is an edited version of a review that i had originally submitted to epinions . com , which i have since deleted . -rates- for memorial day weekend , the rates ran around N per night for a standard king room without the memorial day discount , the room rates would ' ve been closer to N per night . i booked four nights through united airlines ' unitedescapes package , which included roundtrip airfare from los angeles , for the grand total of N , N , including taxes and fees . ( the same package would ' ve cost N if i had booked a day earlier . tough luck . ) -location and arrival- sutton place is a small chain of boutique hotels , with only four locations . the chicago location is the only location in the united states the rest are in canada . the hotel ' s location was fantastic . standing on the corner of bellevue and rush , it was literally steps away from the nightlife of rush and state streets , and only a few blocks from the magnificent mile ( michigan avenue ) shopping district and john hancock tower . getting to the rest of the city was not too difficult , with michigan avenue buses heading for lincoln park , the loop , museum campus , and grant park , and with two red line subway stations ( chicago state and clark division ) a N-minute walk away . the exact address is N e . bellevue place , chicago , il N . i took a cab from o ' hare airport to the hotel . it was an easy ride on the kennedy expressway ( i-N ) , getting off on division , turning left , then heading a short distance to state street . -arriving- i arrived at N in the morning thanks to weather delays on my flight . nevertheless , unitedescapesme , and a clerk checked me in without delay . i was given two metal keys one magnetic key for my room , and one key for the minibar . access to my Nth floor room was through two high-speed elevators . -the room- upon entry , i found a huge bathroom to the left . it was decorated in white and black tiles , with a bathrobe prominently hanging next to the full-length mirror . there were more towels and toiletries than i could count . the toiletries even included a clothing mending kit . i had to look into a drawer to find a hairdryer , however . the shower and bath were separate , and both had great water pressure and comfort . opposite the bathroom was a roomy closet , with an iron , an umbrella ( for those chicago thunderstorms ) , dry cleaning bags , and an extra pillow . next to the bathroom was the minibar and a counter . with minibar being quite expensive as usual ( N . N for a can of soda ) , and with a breakable plastic tab keeping the minibar closed , i decided not to bother with it . the room itself was very roomy . although there were no pictures hanging on the walls , a few mirrors here and there made up for it . the drawer cabinet had a large flat-screen tv on top ( with N or so local and cable channels , including wgn and the all-important weather channel ) , and a dvd player and a receiver in the middle . a few cds were also provided , so that i could listen to music while relaxing in the room in fact , sometimes the housekeeping left my room with the music on . toward one corner was a work desk , with the hotel ' s guide to services and a sign indicating the availability of wireless internet . since i didn ' t have a computer with me ( my laptop was dead at the time of this trip ) , i didn ' t bother . i do believe that internet connectivity cost extra - a minus in my books . a modern , purple lounge chair was located next to the bed . the bed itself was very comfortable , covered with white and brown sheets . i had no problem sleeping here , despite all the excitement of being in chicago . the bed was flanked by two lights and drawers , one housing the gideons bible , and the other displaying various chicago travel guides and magazines . my room was near the northwest corner of the building , affording me a good view of the rush street nightlife and a sliver of lake michigan . despite the raucous atmosphere on the streets , my room was very quiet . housekeeping came by twice a day . the first came midday to clean up , then the second came late in the afternoon to deliver two bars of chocolate , the next day ' s weather forecast , and a breakfast room service order sheet . the bed sheets were also folded and rolled down to make it more inviting for me to get into bed . nice touch . my room key got demagnetized after three nights . for my final night , i had to show my id at the front desk and get the key re-programmed . i didn ' t like this - reminded me of some seedy hotels in washington d . c . and seattle . -other amenities- i did not spend time exploring the rest of this skinny , tall N building ( remodeled in N ) , but i noticed a few amenities . room N was a fitness facility . i didn ' t bother , as i decided that all the heavy-duty walking through the magnificent mile and the loop qualified as workout . the fourth floor had a business center , but it opened only on workdays between Nam and Npm . i stayed over a long weekend , and the business center stayed closed for the duration of my visit . this forced me to visit the apple store on the magnificent mile to get on the internet . there was a restaurant bar on the ground floor , which i did not visit . i decided to eat out with my friend at a bistro ( bistrot zinc ) just a block away , and eat my brunches in some of chicago ' s fine museums . there were a number of meeting rooms in the lower floors , which i did not check out . there were plenty of attendants in the lobby on the ground floor , happy to open doors and assist guests and visitors at all times . -leaving- i left at N N in the morning . although i had the ability to check out using my room tv , i decided to check out with a clerk the old-fashioned way . with no purchases from the minibar , returning the key was all that there was . -frequent guest program- sutton place has its own frequent guest program , with enrollment available online at its website , suttonplace . com . -as i look back- the key glitch and the closed business center made my stay at sutton place less than perfect . but the luxury touches were definitely refreshing , including the two maid services per day , the free chocolate , the dvd player and music , and the comfortable bed . i absolutely loved the modern bathroom as well . all at a price that ' s above my usual budget , but still within reason . and to top it off , the location could not have been any better , with easy access to the rest of town . i will definitely book here again for my next visit to chicago - and given that chicago has so much to offer , and i could barely scratch the surface during my weekend , i ' m definitely returning . 
i had stayed at this hotel a long time back and while the rooms seem in need of a bit of an update , they are by far larger than most in the downtown magnificent mile for the price ! staff is extremely friendly and attentive--hitting the elevator buttons when they see you coming toward the elevators , etc . . . --the only complaint i have and it is partially my fault , is that at check in , i wish , the front desk had briefly gone over my paperwork with me--inside were my coupons for the free beverage of choice dropped off at my room in the morning and paper--i didn ' t realize it until the morning when looking over my things and wondering why there was nothing available . . . i wish she had mentioned to hang it on my door before Nam . otherwise--everything was just wonderful ! 
we went for the holiday weekend and i was very happy with the hotel . everyone was helpul and prime spot for going everyway in the city . eat at miller pub and have a few beers ( craft beers ) or a bloody mary . theres a pork chop in that glass ! ! bartender mike fits the scene . it was a very nice man . rudys has awsome burgers rated N and there is italian place right next door to rudys looked good didn ' t eat there should have . look on line for deals at the silversmith it is well worth it . i looked at the reviews and people need to get over their own issues . we had a blast going back in a few months to do again . we had rainy weather so the only thing we did was go to navy pier , all the boat rides looked fun , dang rain . everyway we went in the city beer was decent price mixed drinks over priced . looking forward to our next trip to the city , we took metra downtown , walked and rode cabs now that a great weekend ! ! 
great hotel in the middle of all the action . amazing view of the river . very short walk to access water taxis and river walk . short walk to the navy pier . great in house restaurant with street level seating . great for watching the city going by . rooms are nice . valet parking right at hotel is very convinient . 
my experience at this hotel was that the room furnishings and location are nice , but the cleanliness is questionable , the desk service abysmal , and the one long distance phone call i had to make ( inside the us , N mins long ) due to my cell phone breaking cost me N ! ! you would think i had called the moon ! overall i would visit the bar on the roof-top for a drink ( somewhat expensive , but great view ) , and stay somewhere else . there ' s a lot of swank hotels in the area that are worth paying a tad more for or the same as the affinia is asking . try not to break your cell phone either . hope this helps ! 
if you still stay here after reading this , you shouldn ' t bother with this website . i have stayed at this red roof several times , and it isn ' t great , but never as bad as this visit . big trade show . all hotels unreasonable . trying to save money . big mistake ! no hot water N of N mornings . tub didn ' t drain N of N mornings even after i complained . didn ' t clean my room or make the bed one day . no soap or shampoo most nights . no towels one night . sink falling off the wall , toilet seat broken . door wouldn ' t open a few times . tiny room and bathroom . plus , it was a comedy of errors on the part of the maid service . they only had two very pleasant staff members in the entire hotel one night . i don ' t know how they stayed so nice and polite . this is a dive and is getting worse . i wonder if they have remodeled since the N ' s . the mtc . guy said they were going to remodel starting soon , but that wouldn ' t solve the cleaning staff problem . this is only the half of what was wrong . . . 
my brother and i stayed on saturday night . checked in at N Npm with no wait and went straight to a large , clean , well-appointed room on the Nnd floor . well-stocked with supplies and a beautiful view of the river walk . very quiet with excellent beds , pillows and bedding . would recommend to anyone travelling to chicago . 
the hotel was very nice , well maintained , clean . staff was friendly and helpful . the baths were beautiful , although as others have commented , if the glass wall had been built a foot wider there wouldn ' t be any splash problems . however , only a tiny amount of water escaped . the rooms on the back ( west ) side were very quiet , although you just have a view of the wall of the adjoining property . overall i ' d probably have given the hotel five stars , but it ' s location was only fair . it ' s a good walk to most attractions--N-N minutes to the field , another five to the shedd and another five to the adler planetarium . the art institute is probably the closest , about N minutes away at a brisk pace . navy pier and the shopping on n . michigan are at least N minutes walk away . i don ' t mind a lot of walking , but most will spend some cab money , especially going out for dinner in the evening . the red line subway at the nearby jackson stop on state street is the quickest , most reasonable way to get to n . michigan . 
i stayed there with friends on the night of september N , N . the valet person was lazy and took his time to move our cars and picked them up when we had requested for them . the front desk was untruthful in where to park which caused one of the guests to have her car ticketed and towed . the housekeeping was very unprofessional . we had requested more sheets and blankets at Nam and they took an hour to bring it to my room . i will never stay there again nor recommend anyone else to do so . 
my wife and i spent six nights at this wonderful , small hotel ( N rooms ) which is located in the heart of downtown chicago . we prefer small hotels so that you get to know the people at the desk who , in this case , were extremely knowledgeable and helpful about directions and activities in the area . we did not need a car since everything we wanted to do was available by walking or using the cta . the atmosphere was one of the old , traditional hotels . the choice of daily newspapers and coffee in the lobby were nice touches . the atwood cafe on the first floor served a wonderful breakfast and weekend brunch . we used a sniqueaway reservation so the value was excellent . 
i booked this hotel for a business trip vacation w my wife . our criteria -- good location , low price , free breakfast ( ' cause the company only covers mine ) , and free drinks ( ' cause they don ' t cover that ! ) . we also spent a night at the embassy suites , which also met our criteria , for comparison . we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the amalfi . the room was nothing special , but the location was great ! lots of walkable restaurants and nightlife nearby . easy walking distance to all the tourist attractions , subway , etc . tip if you arrive by train , be sure to take the N water taxi from the train stations directly to the trump towers next door to the amalfi . what really set this hotel apart from others was their free happy hour ! they served up good drinks made from top-shelf ( well , at least mid-shelf ) liquor , along with a couple of signature drinks . they also had a good selection of cheese , bruschetta , meats , etc . to snack on each night . yeah , the lounge got a bit crowded , but never uncomfortable . we were always able to find a seat . the free breakfast was fine , but not as good as it looks in the pictures . it was convenient to have it set up on each floor , but it was definitely " continental " , with few choices for protein . tip grab a couple of pieces of ham and cheese from the happy hour , throw ' em in your mini fridge at night , and you can create your own breakfast sandwich in the morning when they put out the croissants and bagels . oh , one more thing . . . before we arrived , we posted to their facebook page . our first evening , they hand-delivered a plate of really good chocolate chip cookies and a handwritten note thanking us for our facebook post . i don ' t know if everyone gets the cookies , but the personalized comment impressed us . comparison w embassy suites chicago downtown amalfi had a much better happy hour and better service . the free internet was nice , too . guests at the amalfi were definitely younger and more " professional " , and the decor was more upscale . the embassy suites had better rooms and a better breakfast , but seemed to cater more to families and leisure travelers . locations were about equal -- they ' re only a couple of blocks apart . i would stay at either hotel again . 
excellent service . great room and fine location . highly recommend this establishment . we will be back
i have to tell you that w a family of N ( a couple of teenagers too ) we either have to stay at embassy suites , homewood suites , or a marriott . luckily , i had the foresight to stay at the downtown ( state st . ) embassy location . thankfully , the hotel wasn ' t very busy for my dad ' s Nth b-day celebration . everything from dinner at maggiano ' s to the suite hotel experience was smooth . breakfast at embassy was also appreciated as we enjoyed the free breakfast and were able to have the kids come down in shifts as they woke up to take advantage . 
travel much on business . take the family here every year for a N-N day vacation to chicago with friends . location is excellent ( nice area , close to shops and restaurants ) . rooms are nice with good views of city , hotel is clean , service is good and atmosphere of hotel is nice . 
five friends met in chicago and chose this hotel because of its location and price . having a full breakfast was an added lure . the staff was great . 
spent several nights at the river hotel on both business and a fun weekend trip with my wife . we have always loved the hotel ' s restaurant , bella bacino ' s , so we tried the hotel . the room was not as small as i thought it would be from other reviews . the motif of the room is contemporary with pocket doors for the bathroom , tile bath , and a very usable and updated work desk . the ac was negligible . ironically , the hall was ac all the way . if you need an iron and board , just ask because there was none in the room . service was good . but the optimum reason to choose the river is the location . we have traveled to chicago on at least N occasions . have stayed at numerous hotels , but wacker street is the central location to michigan ave . shopping and the great little restaurants in the loop . you would probably want to taxi-it to rush and division but it is walkable on a great day . they will park for N per . but there is a tiny little lot that is public parking next to the hotel for N . our car was safe and i could grab things from the trunk at my leisure . i liked it better than valet . all in all , i received a great value on the at N when compared to other area hotels like N and swissotel . i would recommend the river hotel , and will always recommend the deep dish pizza and portabello appetizer at bella ' s . just make sure you check the ac first . . . 
was dissapointed with this hotel . on the plus side , it has a good location in the theatre district , the evening wine hour was decent , you had a choice of white wine or red wine , but no munchies , other hotels do these evening receptions much better with a lot more variety . they do have a large lobby area for this , with quite a bit of seating . the minus very small room , had a king room , N king bed , armoire , desk , chair , N easy chair , N small nightstand , and it was crowded . one of the smallest bathrooms i have seen , no counter space . the worst part was the loud pipes from other rooms flushing or taking showers , it was noisy all night . pillows were okay , but bed was not comfortable at all , too hard . no complimentary coffee in lobby to start the day . i had a good rate of N , i won ' t say that i won ' t ever go back , but it is my least favorite in chicago at this time , and if i have a choice i will take a different hotel next time , there are a lot of better alternatives . 
we brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time . small rooms , but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene . lots of interesting amenities in the room . convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping . really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone . lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere . watch out the concierge ( like all concierges at big hotels ) will direct you to mediocre , large restaurants where they get kickbacks . we have stayed here several times and i always check for rooms here when i travel to chicago . however , the hotel is often full so book early . 
stayed at the plamer house hilton for N nights this month . from what i could tell all the room renovations were complete - however there is some work being carried out on the back entrance and to some of the downstairs areas . this in no way affected our stay at all . the room we had was really nicely decorated , very large and throughly cleaned each day . the lobby areas are very ornate and made a great place for a pre meal drink or a night cap . the hotel is very busy with conferences also being held here though i didnt feel this affected our stay at all as an inner city hotel you expect hustle and bustle and the rooms and corridors were very quiet . i would def recommend this to anyone going to chicago - with some nice restuarants around the only thing lacking would be local bars . one note - i found the area at the back of hotel slightly intimdating as a young female . 
the hotel itself is beautiful . it ' s a well-maintained , courteously operated establishment . i was glad to get to stay here . do try the hotel restaurant if you are staying--wonderful , wonderful food and desserts . the room was well-equiped , clean , and comfortable . the air conditioning worked wonderfully , which was great for a hot summer visit . check in and check out were both quick and easy . there was high-speed internet available , but for a charge , so i just did without . they do , however , have a location where you can log in and print boarding passes for a flight home for free , if that ' s the only reason you need internet access . 
had an absolutely amazing trip to w city center chicago this past weekend . the service was amazing and the staff was outstanding . they were very accommodating to the needs of my girlfriend and i . it was our anniversary and every one on staff seemed to know and took personal touch to make sure our stay was excellent . laurelin hefter was one of our favorite staff members because she genuinely cared about us having the best experience possible . 
this hotel was perfect for the price . i went with a group of N and it was modern and what a great location . the staff was very nice also
nicely comfortable and staff is helpful , well located in downtown chicago
we just returned from N nights at the james hotel and couldn ' t have been more pleased with our choice . the james is conveniently located just a block of michigan avenue , which makes walking to most destinations a breeze . for the times that a taxi is needed , there was always one right out front . we had a queen studio suite and the extra sitting area was plenty big and made the room feel nice and large . the decor is very clean , modern and highly attractive . we were really pleased with the overall quality of the furnishings as well . some hotels don ' t live up to their photos shown on their website and we didn ' t find that to be the case with the james - what you see is what you get . the view from our room wasn ' t great , but that ' s to be expected for most hotel rooms . the free wireless internet access in the room was an added bonus and was definitely a nice feature . all of the hotel staff that we encountered were extremely nice and helpful . we ' ll definitely be returning to the james next time we ' re in chicago . 
this was my birthday vacation , i take one every year . i arrived in chicago at N am , saturday morning , march N , N . it was really cold and rainy with light snow , my check in time at the hotel was in the afternoon , but i came straight from union station to the essex . i had no problem getting my room as soon as i got there , i was so thankful for that , i was wet and cold and the hotel made it all better with my nice warm room waiting for me regardless of the time . the staff was very helpful and very polite , i had everything i needed , the food was excellent , i have nothing but fond memories of my birthday stay in chicago . my room was neat and clean , the hotel was close to where i wanted to go for the weekend . the weather improved a bit , but it was march in chicago , no doubt , the essex was everything i had hoped for , i had no problems , check in was amazing as well as check out , very smooth on all counts , yes i would visit again . 
we met some friends here for a long weekend . top floor view of the river facing south , worth the extra N as we enjoyed cocktails in our room with the view . the brown line el stop is less than a N minute walk through the merchandise mart . the mart has several place to eat , some sit down , some fast food ( dunkin donut ) . staff very helpful . 
my wife and two kids stayed at the silversmith march N-N and couldn ' t have been more pleased . we had a large room with a seperate sitting area and two comfortable chairs . there are many restaurant options steps away and getting a bus to the museums or n . michigan ave . shopping is a breeze . the staff is very friendly and helpful . we will stay here again when we visit chicago . 
just returned from a weekend in chicago that was just fabulous ! arrived at midway took the train to the hotel ( had one super easy transfer with elevators for luggage and got off at chicago and walked all of a block to the hotel ) , as a matter of fact we pretty much exclusively used public transportation all weekend except for one night to dinner . the weather all weekend was not to be beat , so of course that helped the overall experience we checked in with ease . got a really sweat deal on the sofitel website that included breakfast for two in the N nite cost it was well worth it ! . to my surprised we were booked on the top floor , Nnd . fabulous views , request this if you can . the room was immaculate , bathroom was over the top with all the marble and oversized shower . and most importantly the bed was comfortable , not the best i have ever slept on for this price , but the feather top made it nice . the only complaint here would be that they did not have down pillows , most hotels at this level do . but honestly that is the only thing i can find to complain about . this is a very international hotel with guests from all over the world , which makes it fun and interesting . the lobby and public spaces are modern but very comfortable . the bar was hopping every night , very much a lounge setting . i did use the wireless for my computer and they use t-mobile at N a day , this is not included in the room fee ( they also have hard wire connections ) . the highlight was started each day with breakfast ( for no additional charge ! ) everyday . its not one of those insane buffets , you order from the menu and literally whatever you want . order eggs , pancakes and french toast ? yup , they take it all off the check at the end . they have indoor and outdoor seating as well . oddly enough , i got a message on the phone one afternoon that our breakfast was comped because we had to wait a bit that morning to get our order taken and were sorry for that . that is the act of a hotel that takes its business seriously . the only issue i had was that when we checked out all the tips i had left at breakfast were wiped out along with the food costs , so i had them add the money back to my bill as they apparently all pool tips . the service at the hotel was quite attentive , from the restaurant to the doormen , with one exception . we have found that one of the best ways to see almost any city is on a bicycle , and chicago is no exception . we covered so much ground in one day it was insane , and you are not so exhausted at the end of the day you can t sit up for dinner . so the bed hotel incident was when we came back to the hotel at one point to grab something one of the valets coming out of the garage with a car almost took out my boyfriend on the bike , it was so close he had to drop the bike in front of the car and get out of the way , the guy just did not look before he pulled out like a bad out of hell . no one was hurt and i am not all that sure the valet understood what happened as his english was rather limited . that was the only issue , there are a lot of people coming going in that area , their entrance is fairly tight , so they should just be more careful in general . so , the bike tour first i can t say enough about the chicago greeter program ! this is a service the city offers where you can hook up with someone that lives in chicago that will give you a personalize tour for free ! who better to show you the town than the locals ? ! you can pick from a variety of tours or request your own , which is what i did . we asked for a bike tour of neighborhoods . you can certainly get these from the bike touring companies ( and i have done those before ) but nothing beats the personal service and touch of this program . aside from its free , as in their service if free and the bike rental was free , insane ! they get the bike from the same company everyone else rents but the fee is waived through the greeter program . who knew ! we took the train down to the park and walked the rest of the way . marshall was there waiting for us and we got on our way . interesting to note on this chicago greeter program they like you to book at least N weeks in advance and it was needed for the custom program i requested ( no big deal ) but they all have greeter on demand ( or something like that ) on the weekends , so you can go in there and get someone if they are available . i think there are like N volunteers in this program , many of them retirees , and its just a really fun way to learn more about the city as opposed to some canned script . we toured around for about N hours and saw much of chicago that i had not seen before . again , on the bike you can see all of grant and millennium parks in a fraction of the time to walk it , and stop along the way when you like . also , what is fabulous about chicago is mayor daley and his serious commitment to biking as transportation . there are bike lanes on streets , racks on all buses , bike route map for the city streets and bike directional signs on the streets it makes a big difference . you can really feel comfortable that even if you don t know the city you can make your way around without being too intimidated . from there we then rented the bikes for another N hours ( this we had to pay for ) and rode all over the place . we trekked out to wicker park and bucktown , we definitely got the neighborhood feel out there . walked through a mass of eclectic shops had a bite and headed back through lincoln park ( lots of nice shopping ) very nice area . then through more parks and out to the shore and then returned the bikes . it was awesome fun ! so much we would have never seen on foot alone . for highlights on the weekend we went to one of the most expensive restaurants of my life , spiaggia , but the food service was pretty darn excellent . they do courses , which i love , because you get to try so many flavors without being so full you can t breath at the end of the evening . the waiter even suggested a great wine that was under N , no small task when bottles went as high as N . was a great way to kick off the weekend on the first night . around the corner from the hotel on rush st is downtown dog , a take out hotdog place that is just the bomb , always have to hit that when i go to chicago . one night was dinner up rush street at carmines ( i thin ) it was really late when we ate so finding a place was not that easy , food was great , i have been there before as well . one night we headed south of the loop to the chicago firehouse in search in steak . this place is nice , an old firehouse that has been restored , very cool space also has outdoor seating . the food as good , not over the top fabulous , but the change of scenery was nice , apparently mayor daley moved down to this emerging part of town and hangs there a lot . our waiter noel was excellent , has been there since they opened , the service all around was quite good . and closed it out with a game at wrigley field ! great fans and the mini-stadium seating on top of the houses surrounding the ball park was something you have to see in person ! 
our company held a two day meeting for over N of our employees and we couldn ' t have been happier with choosing the holiday inn . we had many other hotels to choose from that were giving us excellent deals for their hospitality , however , the holiday inn gave us a rate we couldn ' t refuse . they made sure their service and preparations were impeccable . i have to admit our expectations were very high and we were very high maintenance before and during the meeting , but the hotel went above and beyond our call . many of our employees stay at high-end hotels on previous stays and everyone was really impressed with the service , decor , food and overall hospitality . we couldn ' t have been happier or more grateful with choosing the holiday inn . as a former event manager , i have high expectations of hotels . the holiday inn exceeded every one of them . 
this hotel is well situted for downtown chicago , but is really very basic , and not what i expected . the rooms ( allocated to me and my group ) were very small , dark , with little daylight , backing on to a multistory car park . there were no hotel facilities at all ! only vending machines . no bar , cafeteria , restaurante , business center , nothing . a disappointing continential breakfast was served on the first floor in a small area with only N or N tables , and a funny kind of sofa arrangement . there was not enough space for all the guests wanting to take breakfast to sit down , and many had to stand up . the plates , glasses and cutlery were all plastic . the second day we all went out for breakfast . i guess this place would be okay for low budget travellers with low expectations , but it is by no means a mid-class establishment . 
have stayed at this hotel on many occasions for a girls getaway at christmas . we all love it and is a great location . staff is extremely helpful and rooms are always neat and clean . we plan on being back in dec . of this year . we are all looking forward to a comfortable stay . thank you marriot staff . 
we were looking for a uber trendy hip hotel as we are not keen on the large chains . we booked the tranquilitysuite ( please note every floor has one - its the corner suite N sq ft ) which was fine - N small balconies although views not great ( and we were on Nrd floor ) . the bed is so amazingly comfortable and overall service good - just not great . the roof top bar club is a bit lame and shoddy decor and sushi restuarant on ground floor nothing special at all . however the staff were nice and friendly ( tj the bell hop is great and a font of all necessary knowledge ) , spa is ok ( small gym no pool ) breakfast is typical american ( N per person vochers per day provided ) , location pretty good so yes overall more than acceptable - just not great ! 
we stayed at the w lakeshore for N nights . the room was average , although the bathroom products ( bliss because they have a bliss spa on site ) were a real plus . the bathrooms are very small though . the w tries too hard to be laid-back and our experience was that this was reflected in the service provided , especially by the almost horizontally laid-back concierge service . there ' s little enthusiasm about them ( there were N of them ) and on the N occasions we used them , each time there was a problem , culminating in us turning up to a restaurant , luckily with our booking confirmation printed out , only to find that there was no reservation . lots of posing going on in the bar in the evenings and the whisky sky bar on the top floor is a must just for even one drink as you won ' t believe you ' re arrived at the right place , when you think of the hype surrounding this below-par place . it does have a good view of the navy pier but that ' s it and it ' s about the size of my living room and i don ' t live in a big . house . the hotel did provide a free car service to take you anywhere in the city which was good . you get complimentary coffee in the lobby , but then you don ' t get coffee-making facilities in your room . you ' re only a N min walk to the main shopping area and the navy pier and small beach are very close ( although most locals don ' t recommend getting in the water ) . also , it is a pet-friendly hotel . all in all , our first stay at a w hotel was not worth the hype , i ' m afraid . 
this was our first trip to chicago , and this hotel was wonderful . the location was great we could walk right down to the river or to some of the city ' s many attractions . we enjoyed the pool and hot tub every day , and the fitness center looked very nice ( altho we didn ' t use it ) . especially nice was the included bountiful breakfast each morning -- eggs , cereal , yogurt , and even make your own waffles ! our room was comfortable and clean . my only regret about the room was that i wish there was a dresser or something with drawers for our clothing . also , the hotel staff was friendly and helpful . i would definitely return ! 
a big thank you to the front desk staff and one of the manager ' s for your assistance upon arriving at the hotel . we had a few minor issues which were taken care of immediately and with such professionalism . we are also very thankful of the extra attention given to our son ! we cannot say enough about this hotel . it was so clean , staff was so courteous , the doormen were so helpful and our stay was wonderful . we highly recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to stay in a great location , easily accessible to some of the best shopping chicago has to offer . the parking was also very convenient . thanks again four points by sheraton ( downtown chicago ) for a great stay and we will be sure to visit again on our next trip to chicago . 
i stayed here in july with my husband and my sister her family . my sister had a suite , while we had a regular room . the furnishings were great - contemporary and minimal , the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was newly renovated ( love the rain showerhead ! ) . the one thing i didn ' t like about the bathroom - the door to the bathroom was a pocket door ( ie . it slides into the wall ) . its great to conserve space , however the door didn ' t close all the way . there ' s a little crack which you can see through to the room ( about an inch gap ) . not a huge issue if its just you and your partner . but might be a little awkward if you were to share the room with friends . there ' s also free wi-fi in the lobby . the building ' s architecture is beautiful ( as are most buildings in chicago ) . its located not too far from millenium park . its a Nmin walk to museum campus and perhaps a N-Nmin leisurely and scenic walk to the pier ( the children ' s museum is awesome ) and magnificent mile . the blackstone is a great location for families with kids - its close to the action but not too close . across the street at the park , they have free open air salsa concerts in the summer . the tapas restaurant downstairs ( the name escapes me ) was excellent , albeit a little pricey . there ' s a starbucks downstairs ( if you ' re into that ) and a few decent brunch places within a N block radius . overall i thought it was a great introduction to chicago . i would definitely stay here again . 
just returned from a weekend stay at the sofitel in chicago . i stay in hotels on a weekly basis for business leisure . upon entering our room i was greatly disappointed , there was an odor very similar to body odor , stale linens . the room was stuffy and we adjusted the theromstat before going shopping . also noticed the mini-frig was hot and non-functioning . upon return we dressed for dinner and i called the front desk to let them know about the stuffiness in the room that had not improved with the thermostat adjustment and the refrig . upon return from dinner neither the refrig or air in the room was working . i called the front desk and was immediately moved to another room per our request . the location is fabulous , very near michigan ave , many delicious restaurants and rush street , the mattress pillows were above average and comfortable and the bathroom is a perfect size . try the goddess market on the north side of the block for a quick delicious breakfast lunch . would most likely not stay at this facility again due to the smell air issues , too much trouble to deal with these type issues in a supposedly N-star facility . 
i ' ve been to the doubletree in chicago a couple of times in the past N years and it ' s a nice hotel they had an update to the rooms in the past year . meeting rooms on the second floor are a bit small but other then that a nice hotel at a good price
we ' ve been to chicago several times but this was our first stay at the wyndham . the room rate during spring break was under N which was awesome . we loved the location being so close to michigan ave . we were allowed to upgrade our room upon check-in and were even given the lower online rate . we needed a roll away bed which was given to us at no charge . the corner king room that we had was very spacious for a family of N . the concierge was very helpful in recommending places for lunch . overall , the staff were very gracious . the hotel bar was very comfortable for relaxing after a day of shopping . i think this will be our hotel of choice for future trips to chicago . 
excellent location , tons of excellent restaurants withing walking distance , great bars , rooms is comfy , quiet and roomy - love the layout with a separate work area and " bedroom " . all the amenities , fridge , microwave , big flat screen , wireless or wired internet , big bathroom and the beds are nearly as comfy as mine at home . springhill has great corporate rates with us and is my go to hotel for overnight stays in chicago . i spend N-N nights per month and when i ' m at the springhill i know that i ' ll have a great experience ( marriott staff are always excellent but the team at the springhill are some of their best ! ) and be well rested . 
we just needed a place to stay for the night , after an event we attended . . . . well i can not remember what floor we stayed in , the room was very nice . . . everything in the place was magnificent , except for the service . . . the people from there kept on barging in since we got there . . . they told us they had a water problem with the room above us . . . we did not see any water come into our room . . . we asked then if we could be moved . . . we were told the hotel was booked solid . . . no other rooms available . . . well just great , we had workers trying to come into our room at all hours , as if they had moved us out . . . hate the place just for that experience ! ( 
we stayed at the hard rock N N N-N N N . had a great stay . only problem was the room was small ( limited closet space ) and the shower leaked water on the bathroom floor and onto the carpeted room each time we showered . the china grill bar restaurant was good . conciere recommended pizza delivery was good . location and bellstand service was outstanding . 
enjoyed our one night stay at the conrad would return again . very clean , updated , comfortable . loved the different pillow choices . staff service was excellent great location
the hilton chicago is a huge hotel and a very busy one too . the lobby area and rooms are very grand and somewhat colonial . the rooms were not awesomely huge but they were comfortable and conform to hilton standards . navigating the guest floors ' corridors were like navigating a maze but that adds to the excitement of being in one of chicago ' s most historical hotels that have housed countless dignitaries from all over the world . location wise , you ' re right across from the picturesque grant park and there is a free shuttle to the mag mile shopping district albeit they can do better with a larger bus or more frequent runs . 
i stayed here for a short weekend trip and was very pleased with my stay . the best thing about the hotel is its location -- just a couple blocks from michigan ave and near lots of nice stores , perfect for a chicago shopping trip . also the room rate ( from the hotel ' s website ) was pretty low compared to comparable hotels in the area . the room was not huge , but generally nice though , the bathroom was small and could use some updating . my only real negative comment is the service . the front desk personnel seemed uninterested in serving guests and often left me standing there while they shuffled papers before looking up to acknowledge me . however , given the location , price and quality of the hotel in general , i would definitely stay there again . 
the room was very spacious with a big kitchen and comfortable sofa . the complimentary breakfast in the morning sealed the deal . it was very close to the mag mile for great shopping ! stay here . 
wife won a free overnight stay from work . not being familiar with downtown chicago we were like deer in headlights gps barking out orders - . traffic pedristrians everywhere and this was a thursday evening at Npm . seeing that we were clearly out of towners the bell man came right over to help we were in the cab stand area . took our bags advised where parking was and walked us thru the check in area procedure everyone was really overly helpful and everone was super friendly hotel room was very nice , roomy and quiet we could have driven to greek islands restaurant but chose to take a cab . i realize that it s downtown but all and all with N . N for parking , N dollars each way to the restauant and misc tips to the hotel staff , our free overnight cost almost an extra N . N freebee cocktails -managers reception - and excellant cook to order free breakfast probaby evened things out the location is ideal for people wanting to see the city as it is in the heart of chicago . 
this hotel is in an absolutely fantastic location . it is within walking distance of the lakefront and most of downtown . it is also very close to trains and buses to get you wherever else you need to go in chicago . it is older , but our room was still very nice . the breakfast buffet at the gazebo restaurant onsite is good as well as the bar just off the lobby . the only downside was that we were on the back side of the hotel and were woken up at Nam our last night by the garbage truck emptying the dumpsters . overall though it was a great place to stay and i would stay again . 
my daughter and i arrived at the hotel early saturday morning ( beforeN N a . m . ) on feb . Nth to attend a wedding . upon communicating to the front desk personnel , i was slightly thrown aback by their overall excellent customer service . they answered many of my questions and a few that they couldn ' t immediately answer but searched until they satisfied my inquiries . i can ' t recall the young ladies name who assisted me but she gave me a " warm and fuzzy " feeling - really displaying a welcoming demeanor as if to say she is glad my daughter and i would be staying at their ( swissotel ) hotel . the room was just magnificent ! the linen and comforter on the beds were very comfortable which gave my daughter and i a pleasant night ' s sleep ! also , when we checked out very early - mon . morning - before N N a . m . , the young lady who assisted me displayed a very charming disposition as well . unfortunately , i can ' t recall her name either . and , the young man ( doorman ? ) who was readily available during that time and who also summoned a cab for my daughter and i - i think his name is ? clarence ? calvin ? or a name that begins with the letter " c " - he was extremely charming and helpful as well . what a very fine team the swissotel has assembled at this location . if i have to fly into downtown chicago again , i would definitely choose the swissotel ! not only because of the excellent customer service we experienced , but for the overall location and price ! 
this will be the third time we ' ve states at the palmer house hilton and i doubt very much that we will ever stay elsewhere in chicago . though for some reason the place felt a little shabby this time ? ? the lobby is magnificent but looked like it could do with a spring clean and the room was pleasant albeit a tad basic compared to the last two times . we did have a lovely view from the window though and the location is fantastic and handy for the el train to and from the airport . 
we stayed in this hotel for N nights and chose it due to it ' s central location and good rates compared to other hotels in the area . the location is brilliant , and as long as you don ' t expect too much from a budget hotel , it ' s fine . our room was basic and a bit shabby , but clean . it was very noisy due to the l train right outside , i don ' t think you could stay for more than a few nights unless you can sleep through a lot of noise ! the hotel seemed secure enough but i agree with other reviewers that i might not stay on my own as a female , just because there were often a few people around the outside of the hotel at night . i think if you ' re in a couple or a group it wouldn ' t be an issue . overall , good value for money given how easy it is to get around the city . 
my fiance and i traveled here to celebrate our engagement in january N . the hotel is in a perfect location , right by most of the big chicago destinations and restaurants . the hotel is very sleek and cool , with very nice bathrooms . brian , the concierge , was amazing in consistently coming through with great recommendations . every night the hotel does a turndown service , which is very nice as well . the highlight of the hotel for us was the bed , which had to be the most comfortable bed my fiance and i have ever slept in , at least in recent memory . there were only a few slight negatives but they were easily overlooked the water from our sink wasn ' t clear , and our television ' s sync was off by a frame . before you book be sure to look around online for better prices , i was able to score a junior suite at a simply awesome price . this hotel is very nice , beautiful , and highly recommended . also recommended the signature lounge at the top of the hancock building , the drawing room for drinks , the coq d ' or in the drake hotel , and topolbampo for dinner . 
an over-the-top staff , a bathroom bigger than some hotel rooms , a bed that looks and feels like a cloud , a theatre sized flat screen tv . comfort , charm , cheap ( N on early bird ) - why would we ever stay anywhere else ? 
the lobby bar is like sitting in an art gallery ! very busy ! service at tables very slow ! waited a long time to order , get drinks and even longer to just pay our bill ! sit at the bar instead ( if you can get a seat ) ! tim marty were full of knowledge on where to go in chicago ! we loved all of thier reccomendations ! tim even got us a reservation at a restaurant that was full when we called ! we were all very impressed about the knowledge of the hotel ' s history that he knew ! it is nice to see people that enjoy ones job and share that with thier customers ! we only stayed at the palmer for one day , because they were sold out , but we went to the palmer everyday for happy hour and reccomendations all week we were in town ! the doorman ( i believe his name was patrick ) remembered us everytime ! 
i must say that i was rather shocked about what a nice hotel this was , particulalry for the money . i felt that it was comparable to the westin , which is saying a lot for a sheraton . the staff were extremely helpful and friendly . certainly a very nice stay and would highly recommend . 
mr husband and i recently stayed at the hotel monaco in chicago . we were extremely pleased with the customer service at this hotel . the staff is friendly and helpful , even going so far as to hand us umbrellas as we headed out the door on a rainy day . rooms are clean , and boast a hip decor . i especially loved the plush animal-print bath robes , available to each guest . turn down service was a bonus . we arrived back to the hotel each evening to find ice in our ice bucket , the bed turned down with chocolates on our pillows , relaxing jazz music playing in our room , and the lights dimly lit . wow ! in addition , the wine hour each evening made our stay over the top . this hotel is conveniently located to the magnificent mile and restaurant district . we ' ll definately stay with kimpton properties in the future . thanks hotel monaco for a grand experience . 
you can do much better than this hotel for a stay in downtown chicago . location only for conventions . the only reason to stay here is its proximity to mccormick place convention center . it would not be suitable for anyone staying in chicago for tourist reasons , as there are far more nicely situated hotels in " the loop " for the same price or less . value my room was N , aaa rate . interestingly , i was told that N was the cheapest rate at the hotel by two different staff , yet when i requested aaa rate , both people dropped the rate by N . they did not ask for my aaa card at check in . room average . standard chain hotel , with the awkward surprise of the " closet " being built out into the room and closed off by shower curtains . bathroom small , with below-average amenities . room size adequate . long distance view from Nth floor but it was a south side room , facing away from the loop , so the view was not very interesting . noisy room distinct noises from hall and adjoining rooms - slamming doors , running water , flushing toilets , ice dispenser . the room was very clean . restaurants unacceptably poor . this is not in a part of town surrounded by nightlife and restaurants . i would not walk outside alone after dark . you are pretty much stuck here unless you want to drive . at N N tonight when i went down for dinner , the restaurant was closed for a private function . the pizza restaurant was also closed - N N N hours early . the guest guide said it would close at Npm , but it had closed at N N . therefore , at N Npm there was no open restaurant - just room service or a crowded and boisterous bar ( not an appealing choice for a tired , hungry , older female ) . the hotel should not have closed the pizza restaurant early when the only other restaurant was privately booked . service i agree with the earlier reviewer jujuN who said the service is terrible . exception erik at the front desk was terrific at check in . no other staff approached his level of service . the staff in the halls avoided my smile . the concierge desk seemed to think i was out of line for complaining about the lack of any restaurant at suppertime . i was on hold N minutes when i finally called room service , and was told it would take N minutes to bring up my salad . the room service staff were unresponsive to my complaint about the lack of a restaurant . overall this reviewer travels a great deal , and know that any hotel can deliver uneven results . however the uniformly lackluster aspects of this hotel , its poor location , noisy and odd rooms , and abysmal customer service would all keep me from recommending it to anyone unless they must stay at the convention center . 
we brought our church youth group here aug N-Nth , a group of N . the hotel did a great job accomidating all of us and all of our needs . the hotel had issues with flooding the wk before so the pool was out and the gym was also . those were obviously things that no one could control but the hotel did partner with a gym across the street that allowed all hotel guest to use their facility , which was great . there are no connecting rooms , but they do provide a shuttle to the airport , parking isnt free , but no hotel in chicago is . we were treated greatly and will return when we come to the chicago area ! ! 
we stayed at the trump in new york a couple of years ago and that was fantastic , so we had high hopes for their chicago property . we were delighted to discover that this hotel is as good as its manhattan sibling . this hotel has an unbelievable air of calm and serenity - which is obvious from the moment you step through the doors . i commented on it to the check-in agent , such was the contrast from the hustle and bustle of the airport and the city itself . every member of staff we dealt with was professional , charming and efficient , from the doormen to the reception staff and concierge . every time we walked through the doors after a day ' s shopping or sightseeing , we were personally welcomed back . this was a nice touch , and the way all hotels should be . it costs nothing , and this type of old fashioned courtesy stands out a mile in today ' s sterile , robotic world . the room we stayed in didn ' t have a river or lake view , but it was bright and airy , spotlessly clean , modern and well appointed , with full kitchen and oversized bathroom . evening turndown service included a complete towel re-fresh , tidy up of the room and complimentary water and slippers . check in and check out were effortless and stress free . none of the usual hassles involving phantom charges and so on that seem to be the norm these days . we did not have the opportunity to use the fitness centre or swimming pool , but these were both included in the cost of the room . i would recommend this hotel to anyone , and would definitely return . 
overall not a good stay at the palmer house hilton . first room looked old and faded . the bathroom was so small that one person in the bathroom could barely close the door by leaning off to the side and then slowly closing the door . we asked to be moved . the next room also was old and faded and quite a lot smaller than the first room . but the bathroom was about twice the size . now , twice the size means it was still a very small bathroom but at least one person could easily utilize the sink , shower and the toilet . there was still no place to put toiletries . when first checking in , i asked if there was a possible upgrade for me ( i was with my wife and daughter ) . i am hiltonhhonors diamond and usually get upgraded to executive level or to a suite at a hilton hotel . she responded in a rude tone that i would surely like the room i was in . it turned out to be the miniature bathroom room . the room did not have enough towels for three people . called down and they brought up extra towels . next day room was again not supplied with enough towels . called down and they were brought up . next day was the same . it does not seem like a big deal but how many times do you have to ask for enough towels . the hotel provides in and out self parking with a garage next door . they validate a ticket for the in and out after we paid N per day for parking . twice the validation did not work and i either had to pay an extra N or get another ticket at the garage and then get it validated again at the front desk . both times the front desk staff acted if if it was my fault as if i had not validated the ticket . hotel is under construction and there are a few inconveniences involved with that but construction is a temporary issue and i cannot fault that . over all , there was just not a feeling that the hotel staff or the hotel cared that we were guests or that we were regular hilton customers . i do not think we will stay here again . there are many other choices in chicago . 
i just stayed at the double tree ( on ohio street ) with my husband and our N year-old niece . we arrived N hours prior to check-in and we were pleased that they let us check in early . the front desk people very friendly . the room was clean and had all of the amenities we expected . we had lunch at timothy o ' tooles right across the street and it was pretty good ( italian beef fish and chips ) . when we were discussing where we might eat a hotel employee happened to notice and he offered up several suggestions ( was very nice--we opted for close because we were starving ) . after lunch we walked to water tower place and shopped along michigan ave , so the hotel location is convenient . we stopped at a nearby dunkin donuts for a liitle coffee and took a short taxi ride to park west for a concert . when we returned at midnight we realized we needed more pillows , called the front desk and had them within N minutes . we also requested help ordering a pizza and they suggested a place that was fantastic . we will definitely stay at this hotel again . very pleasant , clean and a great price ! 
the drake is realy one of those timeless hotels . even though it is dated in age , and now one of those chanes that tend to strip all personality from a hotel , the drake stands out . its location is superb , right at the tip of lake michigan , and michigan ave . the food is great , somewhat pricy but the cape cod room is worth it . the atmousphere is splendid . it was the first time i took my now fiance home from ireland , and it was perfect . i can not compliment them more on the quality . i am in the hotel industry and i tend to be picky . i don ' t think this quite makes one of ' the worlds top ' type hotels , but as far as a not about to spend a grand a night hotel , it is top of the league . 
both the w lakeshore and its staff are generally quite attractive but not at all functional . i ll start with the facilities . ( N ) the bathroom in apparently every guest room has an insubstantial wooden sliding screen for a door and a large window with flimsy wooden shutters that open directly into the bedroom . in other words , the bathroom is completely acoustically transparent to the bedroom . even if you are happy sharing a bed with someone , you will need to steel yourself to hear every last bit of noise they generate in the bathroom . ( N ) to conserve energy , the heating and air conditioning unit is on a motion sensor as confirmed by the staff , when there is no motion in the room for some period of time , the hvac shuts down . when i visited in july , this meant waking up in a sauna at least twice per night and frantically waving my arms until the air conditioner turned back on . ( N ) the latch on the room door would not catch without tightly pulling it closed , a problem that the staff said occurred in most rooms every summer when the humidity rose . ( N ) the business center did not have a single working computer when i needed to print a report for work . ( N ) finally , the entire hallway ( Nth floor ) reeked of mildew . now , the staff . ( N ) our room was not ready when we arrived at Npm , and the reception staff really did not seem to care . ( N ) they did offer to call us when a room was ready , but they never did call and we ended up wasting an extra hour waiting after the room was in fact ready . ( N ) the housekeeping department , which seems to prefer to be called the style department , made the bed with a duvet cover that was , to put it delicately , soiled by a prior ( male ) guest . ( N ) not a single staff member with whom we interacted seemed to have the slightest interest in their jobs or our stay , and we are platinum starwood members . here is , verbatim , my conversation at checkout me i d like to check out , please , room . w so did you have a nice stay ? me no , actually , it was an extreme disappointment . w ok , so i ll put that on the amex ? the view of the lake and navy pier are great if your room is on the right side of the hotel . otherwise , this hotel has absolutely nothing going for it , and it has turned me off to the entire w brand and perhaps even starwood . never again . 
we had a chance to spend N nights at the hotel monaco and we were extremely pleased . the staff were all incredibly helpful and friendly . the rooms were on the smallish side , but with the high ceilings , we never felt cramped . i loved the window seat and spent some time just staring out the window watching the world go by . i rate hotels by the cleanliness of the grout in the bathroom and our room was clean and bright . i would definitely stay here again ! we took the complimentary shuttle to the horseshoe casino in hammond . it was very convenient and we had a great time . 
would highly recommend for families . we stayed with our N girls , aged N and N and location was great for us . is in walking distance of the theaters ( saw wicked , perfect for both girls ) and walked there , got lost on way back but that is purely my fault , same thing with am girl . anyone with a nominal sense of direction would be fine . is close to many restaurants , - frontera , harry caray , rainforest , uno ' s to name a few . we also hopped the free trolley , just down the street , that goes to navy pier . the pool area was clean with non slip mats surrounding it and a nice sun deck outside . the service was efficient and friendly , the free breakfast a big money saver , and the beds very comfy . we heard the fire trucks but didn ' t wake us up ever . we took a cab to catch the orange line to midway and had a little trouble figuring that out as the cab dropped us on the corner so it took a little longer than planned but worked out . 
stayed for N nights with my son . requested and received a N queen room . arrived at the hotel Nam . proceeded to check in to drop off bags , and was offered room already . bug thumbs up for this . room had an interior view , which i was fine with . quiet room more important than view for me . was offered a club level upgrade , but because it was my son and i declined it . overall though would be a good deal for most customers . very few negatives that i can think of . bathroom is a little small , but i was fine with this . thermostat was not accurate and or didn ' t provide accurate cooling . it almost seems like a certain brand of hotel thermostat issue , at least that is what i am starting to notice , as i had no issues in my recent stays other properties with other thermostats . big positives were super quiet room , with almost no hallway noise . great customer service was offered by everyone i encountered . in terms of location , i think you would be hard pressed to find a more public transit friendly property . i think every el line was within N blocks of the hotel . for the price offered , i would stay here again in a heartbeat . 
sheraton chicago is in a wonderful location within walking distance of so many downtown attractions including michigan ave . and the chicago river . the staff was efficient and helpful and i must absolutely recommend the deep dish pizza from room service . who would have guessed it would be one of the best meals we had in chicago ? ! ( we added spinach and bacon as our toppings ) . and use of " the link " internet lounge made staying in touch , checking in for our flight , etc . a breeze . 
my fiance surprised me with a night away from reality for our anniversary in january . the hotel is amazing - the exterior is kind of french provincial the rooms are lovely , including the bathrooms with the large walk-in showers and deep soaker tubs the doors use proximity sensors and the light switches include any and ever setting you could possible need and with labels , so you know what you ' re doing . the hotel ordered a cab and gave the directions for our dinner without my ever knowing where we off to . the staff are exemplary . when we returned from dinner , the hotel manager sent up champagne and a very nice card . i have stayed at other top N chicago hotels , and the elysian is far ahead of any of the others . 
i stayed at the westin michigan avenue last weekend and you could tell the results of the renovations were well worth the money . i stayed in a corner crown suite with a great view looking down michigan avenue . the staff was cordial and very accommodating . i was most impressed with the fresh flowers in the lobby and with how helpful the concierge was in making dinner suggestions . great hotel with a great location in a great city . 
i have always liked music themed places , so this was definitely something i ' d planned to do at some point . the hotel was good , the service was fine , just that there is nothing very special about the regular city view rooms as all the fancy things are all reserved for the suites etc . nonetheless , great weekend , would love to be back ! 
i chose this hotel as it was mentioned in my guidebook as one the oldest hotels in chicago . well , i can believe it . the decor was faded at best and chips and cracks were evident everywhere ( although the lounge area off the lobby was pleasant ) . the staff - apart from the doorman - were not particularly friendly and i certainly did not feel very welcome . my main gripe is that while there are no minibars in the rooms there is also no room service . i was told quite matter of factly that if i wished to eat - i had to leave my room for the mike ditka ' s steakhouse attached to the hotel . the restaurant is fair but far from economical . i do believe that a city hotel should offer small snacks or at least provide a refigerator to purchase one ' s own . to make matters worse my shower bath control froze on high heat and i was forced to wrap my hand in a towel and plunge my hand into the bath to release the plug in order to prevent flooding . it could not be repaired and i was moved to a smaller room that was less well situated . no compensation was offered . on the plus side the maintenance man was pleasant and helpful - even if the other staff were not . unfortunately he didn ' t have the power to obtain an equal or better room for me . all in all - the tremont lets down its own history as well as the great city of chicago . 
be sure to call the hotel for the cheaper rate . i booked online thru hotwire , and thought i received the lowest rate possible . i paid N thru hotwire but the bill i received the morning of my checkout was N . N i stayed the weekend of the Nth of july . on my checkout date i received a bill for N although i had paid online thru hotwire . i checked with guest services and they assured me that the situation would be corrected . unitl i called my credit card company the next day , and had a charge for N . N pending . not only did the charges include the room rate , but incidental fees that the hotel charged up front , and did not inform me of at check-in . when i tried to correct the situation the day time manager was so non-chalant about it because it was holiday . the end result was that i wrote the executive offices and the hotel manager about my situation . they offered me a free " upgrade " to the vip suite with full vip treatment . the hotel didn ' t even offer to reimburse the difference between what i paid thru hotwire and the rate the hotel charged if i had called directly . i declined the offer , and refuse to stay there in the future . 
after two night in hotel downtown we moved to stay here for the last night and i loved it here . nice design hotel , new , friendly staff , big room , clean , and easy to get to the airport . if i go to chicago agian i will stay here
apart from the location , great , but it stops there . upon check-in , i was informed i would have a queen bed . i asked for a king size bed , and i was told there would be a charge for going up to a king . give me a break , a surcharge for going from a queen to a king . when i got up to the room , it was like a oven . i could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service . everything in the room had a charge associated to it , even down to the coffee , N . N . now what ' s up with that ? i was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom . very small . i have stayed there twice and with so many other options , i feel this will be my last . 
nice location , clean rooms , helpful staff , good price ! 
just returned from a brief but memorable stay at the wit . i read the reviews and changed my reservation from the marriott just to see what the buzz was about . i wasn ' t disappointed . first class check in . professional , courteous and very friendly . gave my sister and i the lay of the land and offered suggestions on a place to find a costume for halloween . they were hosting an event with a N , N cash prize ! had drinks at the roof . nick our bartender couldn ' t have been nicer . he remembered us by first name when we went back later in the evening - how often does that happen anymore ? bellmen and doormen were the best ! huge smiles , welcomed us back every time we entered the hotel . just an all around nice feeling . i would highly recommend treating yourself to this hotel . 
i would only recommend this hotel if you are a very heavy sleeper . my teenage children slept through all the sirens and honking from the fire engines and ambulances from the station across the street , but i always heard them leaving and returning throughout the night . the front desk will supply you with ear plugs , but that didn ' t make a difference . as for the room - we ended having a closet door removed because of a broken mirror . there were black scuff marks on the wall paper and the covers on the baseboard heaters were bent out of shape in several areas . we had a corner suite with a kitchen , full size fridge , dining area , microwave , N cooking units with dishes and utensils and a few cooking supplies . there was a flat screen tv in the living area and bedroom . it was a very large suite considering we were in the middle of downtown chicago . breakfast in the morning was ok . lots of bagels , toast , muffins , juice , fruit , coffee and tea . i don ' t recommend the perfectly shaped round rubber eggs nor the biscuit . the staff were very friendly and helpful . N - N min . walking distance to millenium pk , navy pier and water tower place . 
we stayed here on a " deal " and were very pleasantly surprised . the staff was outstanding in terms of helpfulness with our questions about chicago . housekeeping and maintenance also gave prompt attention to needs such as delivering a hair dryer to the room and fixing a remote control on the wide screen tv . free coffee in the lobby ( which we brought into the on-site restaurant to finish and they didn ' t mind ) . comfortable room , free internet ( if you sign up for the free rewards program with kimpton hotels ) . the l is just N . N blocks away so we took it out to various sites . 
my husband and i stayed here overnight during the thanksgiving break away from relatives and kids and were very pleased with the choice . it ' s one of the few ( maybe only ) downtown chicago hotels that offers free parking and is well located to walk to interesting restaurants and michigan avenue shopping . the hotel has a nice indoor rooftop pool ( but not jacuzzi . . slightly disappointing ) and well-appointed rooms and everything ' s very clean . . the room decor is distinctive and pleasing ( cool greens grays ) and staff friendly if not fully informed ( a desk clerk recommended a restaurant that had been out of business for N months and a bill for the night got slid under our door though we ' d booked via skoosh-- a mistake readily remedied but shouldn ' t have happened ! ) also internet was down part of the time . but that may not happen often we talked to a self-identified business traveler on the ( small ! ) elevator who volunteered that he ' d stayed there repeatedly over a number of years and always been satisfied . to avoid city garbage truck noise that other posts warn against , we requested a room on the top ( Nth ) floor . the noise did wake me anyway , but not for long , and probably unavoidable in a cty . the hotel was quiet inside although fully booked and with some families . booking tip we had got what we thought was a best possible rate by booking with a discount service about N weeks in advance . i felt glad of the foresight when i checked again about N days in advance with the hotel website ( as we could cancel the other booking ) , for the hotel was totally sold out . but , surprisingly , the bill slipped under the door was for N . less than we ' d paid ! another time we ' d find the best refundable rate well in advance but check about N-N weeks in advance directly on the hotel site , which might offer the best deals . we ' ll in any case likely stay here again , which we can ' t say about many of the hotels in the north-of- chicago-loop area we ' ve tried . 
i was there for a bachelor party and the hard rock provided the perfect setting . the service was terrific and the rooms were stylish with tremendous views . thanks ! 
i attended a wedding this last weekend and decided to also stay at this hotel for four nights to take advantage of a special wedding rate that was extended to me . i had a room on the Nth floor ( N is the top floor i believe ) and it had ample view of the city , other large buildings , city life , etc . proper sun shade drapes were in place . . . although nothing allowed us to escape the blaring sirens that are almost constant in city life . someone really needs to talk to the chicago fire department to tone down all the unnecessary noise they make . the room was medium in size , very well laid out with a separate dressing area and very large bathroom . all lights , utilities , furniture , art , rugs , tile , bathroom , etc , were completely modern , clean , and well maintained . extremely high tech , yet simple to use , lighting , air system , safe , phone , dvd , tv , stereo , tv in bath tub , etc . makeup mirror , safe , mini bar , etc . they have a one hour service to remove wrinkles in your clothing , or they will bring you an iron , a board , spray can and spray water . . . all very clean and now , so your clothes wont be ruined . turn down service is done nightly . all requests for room clean and do not disturb are electronic and not paper hang based . we lives strangely in the room and did not want the room cleaned until Npm each night when we left for dinner . they respected our do not disturb electronic sign and never once did they knock or call trying to get us to have the room cleaned . never once did we hear noise in the hall way , including never hearing any knocks on someone else ' s door , etc . there were many subtle and not so subtle high tech things throughout the room . . . each were very impressive and useful . during the room clean , if you had a cable wire plugged in ( like a phone charger ) they would even roll it up nicely as if it was brand new . each night during turn down service they also set your slippers on each side of the bed and placed them on a cloth mat . the bathrobes were long enough for a change , very clean , and very comfortable . the towels were extremely white , plush , and perfect in every way . there was a scale , hair blower , and plenty of high quality soap shampoo . the service was incredible in every way . if you ask someone where something is , they take you there . we requested a Npm check out time and that was not a problem at all . the spa was very clean and the people who work there are very respectful and helpful in every way . the gym was constantly being cleaned , even though it was already clean . they offered water and fruit , cold towels , stretching room , modern equipment , yoga paraphernalia , etc . i believe there was a pool , but i did not use it . i will separately review their restaurant and catering food separately . . . but i will say here that they were all N star . i cannot wait to go back and i was unhappy to leave . lastly , the concierge was dead on with everything they assisted with . this is a dog friendly hotel and you will see some of the cutest dogs walking through the lobby . . . often being walked by a member of the hotel staff , dressed as a bell boy , with white gloves , taking the pooch our for a walk . very impressive , cube , and rich ! 
when i was trying to ask the receptionist questions , she stopped me several times and there was even no eye contact or any explanations when she did that . when i just wanted to double check with her which of my credit card would be charged for second night ( i booked two rooms for two nights for me and my business friends , and i used two credit cards to pay ) , she stopped me again and spoke to me rudely , so i couldn t put up with her , then i requested to speak to her supervisor or any other staff . what happened next is she yelled at me saying , i am not going to deal with you , and then she slapped the keyboard , turned back and walked in the room behind her . i even wrote an email to the hotel ' s customer service staff afterwards . there is no apology , no explanation , no follow-up whatsoever , and it looks like there is nothing to the w hotel . if you want to get humiliated in public , please come to stay at this w hotel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! more info about this hotel no coffee or any complimentary drink snack provided , and its rooms are very small , maybe even smaller than master suite bathroom in your house . there is no view at all my room was at N floor and only N-N feet away from a office building ( i could see clearly people doing in that building , and vice versus ) . the lobby is crowded and loud . 
my husband i stayed at the fitzpatrick in early june N for my birthday-great hotel ! location provides easy walking to navy pier , marshall field , michigan avenue john hancock . room seemed spacious even though its only about N sq ft . lots of room in bathroom comfortable bed very quiet , upscale hotel . we would definitely stay here again ! 
the omni is all suites and has a great location . i found it to be very clean and the service was good . the only downside that i had was the bed was just ok , but other than that i would stay here again . 
the hotel was in a nice location , pretty high end . the elevators did run a little slow and broke down once during our stay . that wasn ' t that big of a deal to our group . the rooms were nice , if on the small side , as well as comfortable and clean . what was a big deal was the very incorrect bill we got on our last morning . we were charged N for parking that we didn ' t use . the bill was eventually corrected but it took an hour and a half to locate the manager ! ! beyond frustrating ! there seemed to be a total breakdown of communication between the staff and management , i was beginning to wonder if a manager existed . he came running after us as we stood on the curb grumbling waiting for a cab . great price on hotwire , now i know why . 
i was in a corner room with one double bed ( as reserved ) , and everything was clean and comfortable . though the room was not spacious , it was ample for my needs , with an adequately comfortable chair and also a desk and desk chair . the wifi was free and worked well , and the bathroom facilities were fine . i would describe the hotel ' s overall style as a " well maintained classic " ( rather than , say , modernistic or ' Ns-ish ) . if what you ' re looking for is a clean , agreeable and hassle-free stay , this is a good choice . the location , one block from michigan avenue and N minutes from the subway , also help make it a good place to stay while in chicago . 
i stayed at the allerton for valentine ' s day weekend N ' . i must say it was a very nice hotel . although small , staff was very friendly and accomodating . we originally booked a i believe they refer to it as a " mini " room . . ( dont quote me ) but they upgraded us free of charge to a normal size king bedroom . the hotel is located in a great location ! michigan ave . shoppers paradise . nice restaurant , nice staff , nice room service . reasonable price for a short notice trip . . ( booked with orbitz . com ) would stay here again , would reccomend . 
my husband and i went to chicago this week-end to celebrate our anniversary . we decided to stay at the ritz carlton hotel . it was everything and more that they said it would be . beautiful room , wonderful lobby , great view and spacious room . we felt totally pampered . the concierge was extremely helpful ( lauren ) . for our anniversary they sent up a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries . so , so nice . thank you ritz we will definitely be back ! 
read all reviews here so we were a little nervous , but were pleasently surprised . we paid N a night with sam ' s club membership . we only spent time in the room to sleep , but that is all we needed it for . we were within walking distance of navy pier , broadway in chicago , milineum park , sears tower the hancock building , etc . valet parked our car and we never used it again for the next N days . only complaint is the elevator was very slow small . we were on the Nth floor and it took a while for the thing to get to the lobby . room was very small but again we only used to sleep bath . i will definetly go back . the price was less than half of the next cheapest we could find . 
when arrived the bell boy was polite and took our bags , the valet drove our car away , he was also very friendly and professional . the hotel is large , modern , and spotless . the elevators were clean and very fast . we stayed on the Nth floor and had a great view , our room was pretty clean and well equipped . the air conditioner was quiet if not under powered . the restaurant listed on the website had been remodeled into N new ones . one of them had very weird combinations of food for low prices and the other had chicken breast for N in a really nice and modern atmosphere . we chose the second one and were surprised at how well the service was . next to the expensive restaurant shor or something like that there was a large sitting area and N escalators that were very intimidating and fast . a bit loud and distracting the escalators were yet again , spotless . throughout the hotel was this new age ish music playing . . . . its cool for a while but can get annoying . the exercise center has top of the line equipment and complimentary water . . . the pool is smallish and warm . overall the hotel was really nice and empty when i was there and the staff would be very nice . . . depending on how nice the tip was . 
N night weekend stay a week ago for combination of business and pleasure . room was a king park view and was as advertised in photos on this site . i was very happy with the style of the room , and spent a good amount of time in the eames chair and at the desk getting work done on day N . all service was impeccable , prompt , and highly responsive , including N room service meals ( great sushi platter from nomi ) , serveral other special requests , and car service to dinner one night . the location is right in the middle of mag mile , easy walk to river , loop , shopping , lots of great restaurants , and red line l stop N-N blocks away if you don ' t feel like hiking down to loop or further north . stopped into the nomi lounge on way out to dinner on sat night . it was definitely hopping and crowded . i can see why a table for N would have been tough ( per review below ) , but we didn ' t encounter any attitude by anyone working at this hotel - all were very gracious and helpful . also didn ' t see any indication of security issues at all , and felt completely safe walking in and around the hotel at all times . general vibe of this place was quiet , understated , with small boutique hotel feel . seemed to be mainly business guests while i was there . i would definitely go back , but might try different place next time for some variety . 
i really liked staying here . my room ( Nb ) was large , clean , and nicely decorated with a simple , meditative , clean feel . it had high ceilings , wood floors , great mouldings , super comfortable bed and sheets , candles , and a nice modern bathroom with a sauna-like option in the shower that was very relaxing , there was no tv and no phone , which is rare and a i really appreciate this decision -- it helps to break away from the stress , to focus on reading , writing , thinking , meditating ( there is free wireless internet ) . i came on a warm summer night , and there were N or N interesting restaurants with packed outdoor seating within N blocks . there is a frozen kefir store right below -- delicious -- like frozen yogurt . there is a kitchen you can share on the Nrd floor , which is an unusual feature and nice if your staying for a few days . basically , it was like staying at a friend ' s beautiful apartment in a great neighborhood . publication transportation was great a cab to north michigan avenue was N and N minutes , and i was able to flag one immediately in the morning . 
we stayed at the conrad for a couples weekend . we booked advance rates online and got a very good deal so the value was definitely high for us . the great thing about this hotel is that it ' s connected to the north bridge mall ( which includes a nordstrom ) . once we parked the car at the self park ( saves some money over valet at the hotel ) , we never stepped foot outside other than to go to dinner that night . we went shopping at nordstrom , ate lunch at the mall and then got spa services at the nordtrom spa . and if you do want to venture outside , you are right on the magnificent mile . aside from the mall aspect , it ' s a very classy hotel on its own . i would definitely stay here again and also recommend to friends . 
just stayed at this hotel with a friend and chose it from the tripadvisor ratings . walked from union station to hotel , about N . N miles , warm day but pleasant walk with light bags . check-in was fine , not many people waiting . we had a room on the Nth floor-not large , not small , very nice . the sliding bathroom door was okay , but my friend did not like the lack of privacy ( it doesn ' t close tightly , there is a gap ) . the hotel is newer , everything looked new . but we didn ' t think anything about the hotel was extraordinary . the rooftop deck was small , but wonderful on a sunny day-and at night , there was a full moon , and it was gorgeous . we didn ' t use the pool or fitness center the pool was small , but was beautiful , and the fitness center was well equipped . it was relatively easy to walk to attractions from the hotel , we went to the free monday night concert at millenium park , shopped , and went to navy pier . lots of good restaurants within walking distance . when making the reservations , no one seemed willing to negotiate a better rate , but the rate was comparablen to most in the area . all in all , we ' d probably stay again . 
we were a little concerned having read some reviews after having purchased the hotel on hotwire . we received our room at less than half of what we would have paid from any other website . the room was average in size , clean , comfortable bed and pillow , large flat screen television , in room coffee maker and hair dryer . the soap and shampoo were refilled daily . we never waited more than one minute for an elevator to our Nth floor room as we traveled during the week . the location is excellent , very close to numerous bus lines , about N blocks from the subway system , and less than one block from michigan ave . the bathroom was not spacious but was large enough for an individual to get around and was clean . a few more shelves to place personal hygiene items would be nice . in comparison , the bathroom was two times larger than a bathroom in a similar style hotel in london , england . 
i enjoy the city of chicago for many reasons , but i ve always had a difficult time finding a place to stay in the city . i ve tried a variety of the supposed luxury hotels in the area over the years , with varying results ranging from mildly annoying to wildly disappointing . the conrad chicago embodies quite the opposite phenomenon . the hotel is piled to the roof with the most courteous staff , luxurious rooms and services , and lovely away-from-home amenities that make it a welcome ( and welcoming ) destination . i was fortunate to stay at the conrad chicago hotel last fall , on a girls weekend , " and found it to be an entirely refreshing change from the run of the mill luxury hotel experience i ve had elsewhere . regardless of size , the conrad chicago was very much like a boutique hotel- where every request was catered to thoroughly and efficiently . i never would have associated the hilton name with such extraordinary luxury , based on my previous experience with the chain , until my stay at the conrad chicago . the member of the staff who deserves the highest praise , though , is peter from the concierge desk . through both travel and my work , i have dealt with , literally , dozens of different concierges in a wide array of settings and i have never encountered anyone more gracious , attentive , thorough , courteous , professional and accommodating than he is . make no mistake- the differentiator in making our stay an extraordinary one was peter . he was so key in our joy of experiencing chicago- in helping us source event tickets , making recommendations and giving advice not only about the city of chicago , but about the surrounding area and even other destinations we were continuing on to ! his assistance proved invaluable during our stay ( and beyond ! ) and made our chicago experience one we will never , ever forget ! i can most certainly guarantee that the next time i m in chicago , i will be staying at the conrad chicago . 
having had the opportunity to stay at many chicago hotels in this price range , i found the raddison blu to be a breath of fresh air . it s distinctly scandinavian flavor provides a pleasant twist on the concept of a luxury hotel . this hotel is fairly new and at the time of this writing , great deals can still be found while this hotel introduces itself to the area . the hotel was very clean , as one would expect in a newer hotel . the hotel itself shares space and some of the amenities with residents who live on the other side of the building and have a separate bank of elevators . the main lobby was spacious and understated with a gas fire feature that runs the length stone accent wall just the thing after walking around the city on a cold january evening . across from the lobby is the hotel bar and restaurant again tastefully done with a distinctly scandinavian accent . unfortunately , i did not have an opportunity to spend time in the bar or order from the hotel s menu , but i did attend an event in the hotel during my stay and the food was fantastic . from the angus sliders to the gnocchi ravioli bar , the food was well prepared and flavorful , my compliment to the chefs ! the room was not large , but it was comfortable and the view of navy pier was fantastic ! . the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was what you would expect in a luxury hotel , and combined elements of white porcelain and frosted glass that remained true to the hotel s theme . this hotel has it all , a large workout room , at least one pool that i saw , a running track and a basketball court , i wanted for nothing during my stay . . ok except for maybe one thing parking . the hotel shares parking with the resident side of the building and many of the spots in the N level parking lots are reserved . i drove up and down for N minutes before i parked questionably close , but not blocking , an exit door . some of my travel companions opted for the valet parking and that s an option . if you re driving i d recommend you do that ! 
my husband and i booked this hotel for our anniverary in july N and totally loved the experience . the staff was nice and very accomodating . the ambience and the " hipness " of the hotel were not lost on us either . the beds were to die for ! 
stayed here for two nights , july N-N . as we were coming from another hotel , we needed to either check in very early ( N am ) or store our luggage . upon our early morning arrival , there were no free rooms yet , but staff members whisked our luggage away quickly so that we could head out for a day of sightseeing . hotel about a N-N minute walk from red line . bus stops are nearby as well . property has a strange layout our second floor room was not accessible by the elevator in the main lobby area . we had to exit lobby , walk into parking garage , and use elevator in garage . our second floor also didn ' t have ice machine , necessitating another elevator ride search . other floors seemed connected - just not the second ? we didn ' t spend much time in the hotel beyond showering and sleeping as we were so busy in the city . the room itself was huge - two beds , chair ottoman , desk , dresser , and still a large empty chunk of floor space . appeared recently renovated but you could tell it was older property . overall seemed fairly clean but did notice that our socks feet were dirty after walking on carpeting . a c worked extremely well - room was downright chilly when we arrived - but unit was so noisy that - when presented with the choice of listening to the heavy thunderstorm or the ac unit for sleeping , we chose the storm and turned off the unit . luckily room stayed cool enough overnight . did not get to use pool as we arrived back too late at night , but it was large and appeared well kept . . pool opened to a rooftop deck with great city views . be sure to check it out at night or early in the morning . we never even went back to the lobby main building after checking in , so can ' t say anything about the staff , etc . no breakfast , but the rock and roll mcdonald ' s is right across the street . in addition to the usual mcdonald ' s fare , there is a small bakery counter on the second floor . other restaurants are close by so you can easily find something for breakfast before you start your day , 
small , quiet charming hotel walking distance to everything we wanted to do . lovely room with well stocked bath . breakfast conveniently located on our floor . happy hour with great snacks . extremely helpful staff . will definitely be our number one choice in chicago . 
we have a room on the Nth floor looking at the river and it is just a marvelous view . the room is large with N queen size beds , a nice roomy bathroom , and good selection of pillows . we had the concierge make all our dinner reservations and she was most helpful . we consider this an a experience . 
we were in town for new years . i last stayed here more than N years ago and was surprised by the changes . while the bricked outdoor terrace and small lobby seemed to be almost the same as i remembered from our last stay , the rooms had obviously been renovated . our room was on the Nth floor near the elevators but hardly ever heard any noise . gone were the old fashion looking wallpaper , beige everywhere , with cheap looking curtains , fake pressboard furniture , the typical polyester comforters and circa-Ns tv . instead , the room was in warm browns , the curtain was replaced by plantation shutters , there was a Nin flat panel lcd , nice wood furniture with actual headboard , and nice plush bedding with duvet . the room also had a small refrigerator with separate freezer , two complementary daily bottles of water , as well as a microwave and a kurig single-serving coffee maker with various flavors . the bath was also renovated with matching tiled floor and tub shower surround , rainshower , and even a nice , large back-lit mirror . i wish i had taken pictures of the hotel to upload so you could see all the improvements ! i didn ' t get a chance to see what the continental breakfast looked like , nor the fitness room with jacuzzi , but we were busy having fun taking in the neighborhood with unique shops , a variety of restaurants , and the nightlife of " boystown . " not to say that everything was all great . it ' s still a small hotel with limited in-house amenities . they couldn ' t see my reservation because it was not booked on the best western website ( just showed the front desk person the e-mail confirmation on my phone and it was all good ) , and the tub drained pretty slow , but what can i expect from a building that ' s probably Nyrs old . the room rate was somewhat more than the below N nt deals i could have gotten for similar or even nicer hotels in the loop or michigan ave , but the location was ideal for our purposes of nightlife and restaurants as we walked to everything and probably saved a small fortune on cabs . this is chicago after all , and parking is scarce and once you park , you almost never want to move your car . fortunately , parking was only N nt ( it was valet parking in the garage was next to hotel with in-and-out privileges ) compared to N at downtown hotels . there are two red-line train stations , each a N-Nmin walk if you want to brave the winter weather , which we did . there are many good restaurants in the area . don ' t miss ann sathers across the street for a good breakfast place . down the street is joy ' s noodle and rice restaurant for thai . pingpong was also down the street--very popular contemporary asian restaurant populated by the mostly younger and trendy crowd , waits for a table even during the week may be long without reservations , and somewhat loud with the blaring music . there are a host of other restaurants ( continental , mexican , diner , contemporary american , etc ) along broadway and several blocks west on halsted . 
we arrived and were checked in swiftly . the staff was extremely friendly and provided directions through the hotel with ease . our room was a very good size . we stayed in a premiere city view . we didn ' t have much of a view but honestly we weren ' t looking for one . the bathroom was of great size with a huge shower ! loved the bathroom . loved the bed . the bed was one of the most comfortable i have stayed in . coffee was available via the keurig which was excellent . the location rocked . right off the river and pretty central to the city . we did not eat or drink at the hotel . the only reason this hotel didn ' t get an excellent rating from me was because their lack or size lobby pool . i know that sounds kind of crappy of me but i felt cramped with everyone checking in or out along with the bell men . great for business travel . would stay again . 
we were thrilled with the hotel with kudos to the staff . it is the best value and it is close to the oriental theatre . 
we spent N nights at the drake and enjoyed a superb experience . the room was large and included a mini fridge . the bed was the most comfortable one i have ever slept in , simply luxurious . check-in and check-out was quick , and the hotel staff were most courteous . i will definetly stay there again when i visit chicago . 
the lobby was beautiful , as was the ballroom . check in was very slow , although the staff was courteous and friendly . i had looked at the rooms on line and was greatly disappointed when i opened the door . it was small and crowded with furniture ( although no easy chair in ours ) . when i opened the bathroom door , it hit the toilet . i ' ve had bigger bathrooms in a motel N . the carpet could stand replacing and the bathroom tile grout could use some professional work . the bathrooms have been well-covered by others on here . we had a " commanding view " of the next tower of the hilton , a few feet away . i had requested extra pillows , which were not there . there was no coffee or tea in our room . i couldn ' t get an answer from the front desk or housekeeping , so i called the hotel operator . she had someone bring more than enough up in just a few minutes . if you like the news , sports , and hilton chicago channels ( and a few others ) the television will be adequate . we couldn ' t find a telephone book or any other kind of directory ( i . e . churches hospitals , etc ) . the air conditioning system was apparently right outside our window and ran constantly . i will say the air conditioning our room worked very well . as other people mentioned , the internet was too expensive . i found the bed too soft . the restaurants were overpriced , but we did eat at kitty o ' shea ' s one night . i had potato leak soup ( N . N ) and my partner had shepherd ' s pie ( N . N ) . we ' ve eaten both all over the uk and didn ' t recognize either dish . the shepherd ' s pie was especially bad and seemed more like a canned beef soup ( light on the beef ) with mashed potatoes on top . there was no discernable seasoning in either dish . the service was slow , but friendly . we had trouble several times with our room key not working ( i heard other people expressing the same thing ) . the front desk assured us that it was because we had it near credit cards , cellphones or something else with a magnetic strip . what we found was the keys worked sometimes and not others . the cleaning staff was friendly and accommodating . self-parking was N a night valet parking N a night . just down the street hotel valet parking was N . the room service menu showed prices increased by N . N- N . N per item , then an N tax , a N tax , and a N . N room service charge ! so a bowl of oatmeal at N a bowl room service . . . . . the one concierge person i talked to was not friendly and i seemed to be bothering her . there just seems to be a lack of attention to detail in many areas . one upside is that buddy guy ' s legends is only a block or so away . for my money , i would go back to the fairmont . 
this hotel has a great location , and very friendly staff . however , the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition . i use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for N years . rooms have not been well maintained ( old carpets frayed at doors ) , wall paper peeling off of the walls , tv ' s from the N ' s . there is currently construction going on in the lobby area , making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door . 
if you want a beautiful , updated hotel just off michigan ave , this is an a great hotel to visit . my family lives one hour north of chicago but wanted to spend a weekend in the city . we chose the wyndham because of its proximity to michigan ave and it is one of the few hotels in the area with an indoor pool . i didn ' t eat at their restaurants , so i have no idea how the food is . the hotel staff were very attentive and the rooms were updated with comfortable beds . we were within walking distance of water tower place ( mall ) as well as many other restaurants and stores . public transportation ( trolley , cab , buses , l train ) will take you where ever you want to go . no frig in room . 
we stayed in this hotel for N nights during lollapalooza in august N , we were upgraded on the second night and that was a real plus . the first room was supposed to be a double room , but it had possibly the smallest bed i had ever seen in my life for two people . the room layout was ok but our friends that we were staying with had a similar room , same size bed but the layout of the room was so poor you couldnt even even walk past in each without bumping into one another . the second night we asked if they had a room with a larger bed , it didnt even have to be a bigger room , just a larger bed ! ! ! . the lady at reception was very helpful and advised that the only room available were held for gold card members , our friend was actually a gold card holder and so we were both upgraded - we dont know why they didnt do this on the first night- that was a bit of a mystery ! ! ! . anyway the second room was wonderful , large spacious bed , nice linens and drapes , great bathroom and even a fireplace in the bedroom . . . we were givem complimentary breakfast and appetizers in the afternoon , what a difference a day makes ! ! ! . the hotel is stunning inside , very good location to lollapalooza at grant park and i would recommend it , just ask for a room with a large bed ! ! 
the location is absolutely perfect , arguably the best location on michigan avenue . the staff was professional and friendly . we stayed in the historic tower . very nice room though our floorplan was kinda odd and a tad small . very nice and large bathroom though . we went to both the hotel bar and the seperate wine bar . both are great for hanging out and each has a cool vibe . expensive , but i guess that is to be expected . the food at the bar is typical bar grub and was decent except for the battered fish which was undercooked . that has to be my only complaint . overall , we had a great time in chicago and this hotel had a lot to do with that . 
i recently stayed at the w for a business trip . this was my first stay at a w hotel and i was impressed . i found the beds to be very comfortable and the decor in the rooms to be contemporary and relaxing . the check-in area in the lobby was a little crowded , but we enjoyed relaxing at the bar and lounge . there are many nice touches that set this hotel apart from others . our group appreciated that you could walk a couple blocks , passing under lakeshore drive , and be walking along the beautiful shore of lake michigan . service was excellent , too . 
hotel had high school swim meet team which we found out at check-in when the lobby was packed with kids . we know we were in trouble when we saw this . see some of my misses below to explain hits N . great location . you can walk N blocks to the " l " or N blocks to michigan avenue shopping . tons of restaurants in the vicinity and even a whole foods about N blocks away . N . very nice breakfast included with the room . served canadian bacon and eggs one morning and had an oatmeal machine . . . ( didn ' t like the start of breakfast at N N though , too late for us early risers ) . N . great rate , we paid around N a night which is great for the area including the breakfast . N . workout room is great . tons of equipment , modern and very nice room on the Nth floor . N . horrible parking fees , but what do you expect in chicago . N . nice to have a mini fridge and microwave , but the fridge never really was cold and did not have temperature control . N . thermostat controller was great in the room , we had air condition on since the room was very warm for some reason even though the outside temps were in the N ' s . N . room was very clean . N . great wireless internet connection . no issues and worked great . misses N . yellow bag of liquid outside the room one morning . gross and disgusting . pizza boxes were also scattered outside our room door . N . asked the front desk for a quiet room , never received one . N . asked the front desk for some extra shampoo , never received it and they just couldn ' t give it to me when i asked for it in the lobby . N . N . pool is too small to swim , whirlpool was small and old . N . after an early breakfast , we returned to our room around N N am and the maid was already in our room ? why they couldn ' t plan to clean the rooms that checked out first ? we had to wait in the hall . yes , we didn ' t place the " do not disturb " on the door , but we returned to the room by N N in the morning . N . room was very small . it is called a suite , but very small . N . room only had a shower , no bathtub . N . water pressure in the sink was horrible . takes double the time to shave due to low and controlled low water pressure . N . too much noise in the halls from the kids and the pool area was always packed . the small pool is shared by the residence inn which is attached to the springhill . N . never received my bill under my door on check-out day . i expect this from marriott ' s so i don ' t have to stand in line in the lobby . i had to stand in line in the lobby . N . too few towels . only two sets of towels were provided . i requested more towels from the hotel , still waiting for the towels . N . needed to print out airline boarding passes . had to go to the lobby which had N printer and N computers , N of which was down . computers were used by the students most of the time that i observed so i had to return to the lobby numerous times until i could gain access . once i did , i couldn ' t print since the printer had a margin issue and never was able to adjust the margins . had to waste time and print boarding passes at the airport . 
for price you recieve a very good deal . rooms are on the small side but organized very well . the rooms have a very modern feel that still allows you to be very comfortable . the hotel is clean and beds are comfy . 
if you ' re looking for a cookie cutter , sterile experience , this probably isn ' t your place . but if you want to experience an elegant throwback to an earlier era , the hilton chicago is ideal . i was here for a conference , and from check-in to check-out , this was a great experience . i had a corner room with two double beds , that was huge . i had no problems with the heat or ventilation , but loved that i could open my three windows and feel the breeze . the location is great for walks in grant park , but there aren ' t many restaurants nearby ( and the hilton ' s restaurants are nothing to write home about ) . service throughout was excellent . yes , some of the furnishings are a little dated , but that didn ' t detract from a great experience . if you ' re there , be sure to peak in to the grand ballroom which is amazing . 
i had an awful experience at the allegro hotel in chicago . with exception to the bell staff , N restaurant food quality and serivice and the security staff . i checked in to the hotel to the loud hip hop music on a lovely sunday afternoon . the front desk agent had gum in her mouth and not once did she welcome me or smile ! i got up to my room , which was the size of a shoe box and the walls were the colour of salmon . towels and bedsheets had rips in them and the water was luke warm . luckily i hurried down to the N restauarnt which was fantastic . louis , our server took very good care of us and the food quality and prices were vey very good . at the end of the night - N pm . . . there were breakfast trays laying in the corridor from the morning . the service at the lobby coffee bar is extremely slow especially when all you want is a coffee and muffin . it is also not safe as a female traveller when you have to say your room out loud infront of all the other customers waiting in line . . . this is only if i needed to sign the charges to my room . upon check out , i had the pleasure in experiencing the same agent from when i had arrived at the hotel . no smile . . . . . gum in mouth . . . humming the songs that were being blasted in the lobby and no mention of hoping that i would return . 
ok , so you can ' t find a better location but we were suprised to not find a flat screen tv in our room . also , the door was not entirely that thick , i honestly thought my wife was talking to me but it was someone outside down the hall ( that ' s how loud it was ) . also , request a room far from the elevators as they are loud as well . overall , a very nice hotel but the noise and the minor details of it not being what we expected were a little disappointing . very friendly staff . 
some of the nicest employees--bell desk , concierge , front desk , restaurant--you ' ll ever meet . a big city hotel--and a very nice one , but not a " big city " feel from the employees . beautiful rooms , close to everything , helpful employees--it ' s all you could ask . and , if you ' re eating breakfast there , you ' ve gotta try the creme brulee french toast--it ' s the best french toast i ' ve ever eaten ! 
we decided to stay at the four points on our trip to chicago , i don ' t think we will go anywhere else in the future , four points has it all ! first , the rooms were quiet clean and roomy . the staff was friendly , helpful , flexible , accomodating and courteous . the hotel comes with a pool , hot tub and work out room . a restaurant is also conveniently located in the hotel . the hotel offered a free bottle of water . the location cannot be beat , just one block from the magnificent mile we were close to the water tower place , shopping , attractions , navy pier , the famous chicago uno ' s pizza is kitty corner along with trader joes , hard rock , and rain forest cafe . business conference rooms were ideal for business also , and although i was traveling with children , i would consider coming back with my business team . parking is available as well . great job sheraton ! you made our vacation memorable , and that is something that is priceless ! 
all employees were courteous and attentive . never had to wait for help . the rooms were typical embassy suites , a good size and the decor was fresh - it could not have been more than a year or two ago for new furniture , carpet , etc . my room had a view of the lake on one side - but beware - a massive condo sits directly between this hotel and the navy pier about N blocks east - so the water views are of the lake south of the pier . it was only two blocks walk to michigan ave . and N blocks walk to the pier . there is an amc theatre adjacent to the hotel and if i had stayed more that two nights i would have taken in a film , just due to the convenience . no complaints here ! 
very comfortable rooms and located well just a stone ' s throw from the hancock building . quick check in , excellent water pressure , has fridge and microwave . why pay N more for the original hilton
i was pleasantly surprised at this neighborhood gem of a hotel . as others have said the location is great , a few blocks from lake michigan , wrigley field and plenty of nightlife . the room was very clean and well appointed , including a fridge , microwave and kuerig coffee maker . overall i thought this was a great hotel and would stay there again for sure . 
loved the burnham . a great long weekend getaway . now it is a boutique , so do not go there expecting massive cookie cutter rooms . the charm is the great restoration in a historic part of town . room was beautifully appointed . went with the king bed room , which was by the elevator but we did not hear a sound . upper floor gave us a great view of the city and millenium park . staff was attentive from the bellhop to the concierge . arrived early friday and was allowed to book in early ( with a little persistence ) . location convenient and the walgreen ' s next door came in handy more than once . only complaint is the atwood cafe breakfast . though i was not at all pushed to eat here , it is the only place in the building . it was good , but it also ran us N for two , which i found more than a bit much . no wine , mimosas or any bar tab that would explain such a high bill . 
my first impression when i came into palmers was " this is beautiful i am going to have a great stay " that feeling died when i got to my smaller than average room and minimalistic bathroom . since i was there for business , i needed internet , which wasn t complimentary and my port was out of service the second day . no complimentary breakfast and each time i called for assistance , i was put on hold for N minutes at least since they were busy . great looking lobby and location but that is it
hotel was as described and whilst there was obvious works going on in the hotel we never heard anything . staff were always polite and welcoming and its situ is ideal . i would recommend the old pancake house for breakfast , as per other trip advisor recommendations , it is superb quality and value . 
read some of your reviews before chosing the whitehall . like anything else they ranged from excellent to poor . we were favorably impressed . location excellent . desk and maid service excellent . hotel staff , including concerige excellent . we certainly found out stay to be comfortable and enjoyable . 
we stayed here between christmas and new year ' s for two days . it ' s in a great location , right by the chicago river and only a few blocks from michigan ave . there are many restaurants and activities within walking distance . check-in was easy . we were early but our room was ready . the suite isn ' t very big . more like one big room with a desk and partition dividing it . the decor was nice and the room was clean . it had one of those bathrooms where the sink is outside of the bathroom and the toilet and shower were together . i personally don ' t like that . i like a regular bathroom setup . also , since there wasn ' t a bathtub we had to give our two year old a shower instead of a bath and that was incovenient . not sure if other rooms have bathtubs . . . . . the first day we were out all day and when we got back to our room , housekeeping still hadn ' t cleaned the room . we had to go and find them for toilet paper towels . the second day they knocked on the room early and we told them to come back later in the day . the proceeded to knock again an hour later . inconsistent service . all in all it was a good stay for the price we paid . i would stay there again but would find out if they have rooms with bathtubs ! 
where to begin ? ? ? ? upon arrival having arrived late in the evening ( approx Npm ) the room was not ready ! ! ! i thought check in was supposed to be Npm ? ? ? we went to a meeting and came back at midnight to find there still was no room available ? ? ? the manager on duty was a blubbering idiot who didn ' t even know how to take care of the problem claiming there was no room and all of a sudden finding a room ? ? ? the next morning we spoke to another manager and at least she was a little better and had the common sense to try and make things right . by offering us access to the lounge which would have been nice except for the fact that the bagels were stale , the food ran out quickly and was not replemished and the women serving there had the audacity to ask for a tip ! ! ! the rooms are very old , run down and shabby . the in house steak restaurant was too pricey and the food was not good the business center lost a number of things that were sent for us and to this day we have never received them . the management did not follow up on anything and even after speaking to a number of people ( all supposed to be managers ) they never got back to us or tried to make us happy . all in all i will never step foot in that hotel again ! ! ! 
i recently stayed for N nights after booking with hotwire . i have been to just about all of the N star hotels in the area and i have to say there are many which are better than the intercontinental and cost a little less . if you are not concerned with the quality regarding your room , this review might not be important . first of all , valet has gone up to N bucks a day . apparently , they have to run all the way to the navy pier to get your car so you will be waiting a little longer than usual . i waited about a half hour . now lets get tot he real disappointment the rooms . i was incredibly peeved when i walked into my room . it was so tiny i kept bumping my knees on the furniture when i was moving my suitcases around . both my suitcases would not even fit in the closet so i have to cramp them in which made it a hassle to get my clothes out . i have been in N star hotel rooms that looked nicer than this . there was a little cat hair on a red velore like love seat , with cheap , really stiff cushions . i am not saying the room was dirty but it certainly was not spotless either . there were quite a few holes in the sheets as well . sleeping was impossible due to the loud heating system . i called the front desk and they immediately sent someone to look at it . he sort of giggled and said that there was nothing he could do because it was supposed to be that loud . i couldn not believe it . i ' m sure they get many complaints about the heating systems . all in all the staff is friendly , the food is pretty good , however , there are many other hotels with comparable prices and much better quality rooms , service , and ambiance . 
stayed in a two bedroom suite and had lots of room for everyone to have space without getting into each other ' s way . easy to walk to water tower place and navy pier , easy to get taxis to the museums , and easy to cook dinner in the room if kids were too cranky after a long day to behave themselves in a restaurant . more than anything , the staff were awesome , especially at breakfast . would definitely stay here again . ( in fact , thought of writing this overdue review when looking at making reservations for next month . ) 
this property is a luxury hotel with great service . dont let the luxury scare you , its affordable and well worth it . the location is perfect for working or shopping in the heart of chicago . 
i was in chicago ( my home town for a funeral ) - i flew in that morning went directly to the funeral and finally checked into the hotel at around N p . m . all i wanted was to have a cup of coffee and watch tv - i was scheduled to fly out early the next day . i was amazed not to find in room coffee and that the remote for the tv in my room did not have the closed caption option . i am deaf and cannot watch tv without it . fortunately the desk clerk was familiar with the problem and was able to direct me to a convenience store for coffee and explain to me how to set up the captioning on the tv . the bed was wonderfully comfortable - and the staff was very pleasant . for the price and the convenience the hotel is a great deal and i would stay there again . 
based on all the great reviews , i think my expectations were too high for this hotel . it ' s certainly clean and the breakfast was a plus . however , if you generally stay in better hotels , this hotel will be really disappointing . i should have known based on the good price we got ( N a night aaa rate ) , but the reviews and the website were both so good , i thought i was getting a much higher end hotel for a bargain of a price . while the staff tries really hard and is very friendly , the services and amenities at the hotel are really lacking . we arrived at N pm when the hotel was relatively quiet but our bags did not make it up to the room for close to an hour ( and only after i called twice and offered to come get my kids ' bags so i could change them into pjs and put them to sleep ) . my young son wet the bed during an afternoon nap and i called the front desk to advise them and ask for it to be cleaned as we were leaving the room at N N and would return later that evening . when we arrived back in the room at night around N pm , no one had come to change the bed sheets and the front desk told me that they had forgotten about it . we again waited about an hour for someone to come a change the sheets ( again only after i called N times and offered to come get the sheets myself to change the bed so that i could put my kids to sleep ) . the hotel comped us a night s stay for the hassle . the pool area is in need of repair and only sometimes had towels stocked . each time i called for towels it took at least an hour for someone to come . our shampoo was not regularly restocked and we ran out on the last night of our stay . we called the front desk and asked for more shampoo , which the front desk advised would be outside our door by morning -- it never arrived . the bedroom is too tight as is the bathroom . the living area is spacious . all in all , while this is a neat , clean and very reasonably priced hotel , if you like amenities and service at all , this hotel will disappoint . 
having read some of the reviews on here , i didn ' t have hugh expectations , however the hotel was comfortable , clean and in a good location which is all we really wanted given that we weren ' t expecting to spend much time there . i think it is a good base from which to explore chicago - we could walk most places easily and although a fair distance from the magnificent mile we did walk there from the hotel . we also walked to the field museum area and the view of the skyline from the museum area is fantastic ( i would recommend ) . our room and bathroom weren ' t huge but were perfectly manageable and most importantly clean . the bed was large and very comfortable . our only slight problem was the noise from the fridge which did keep us awake ( although jet lag probably didn ' t help either ) but we got used to it after the first night . having said that , it was still useful to have a fridge in the room so we could store drinks . we were fortunate to have a view of grant park from the room which was great . the staff in the hotel were friendly and efficient . i would stay here again . 
the james is a lovely , eco-friendly boutique hotel in the heart of the magnificent mile . service was outstanding and the room was huge in comparison to other boutique hotels nearby . decor is modern , but not uptight . very earthy in the heart of the city . the bar is nice and the staff are very friendly and ready to help in every way possible . highly recommended . 
we stayed at the affinia chicago over new years weekend checking in on december Nth and leaving on january Nst . this was my Nnd trip to chicago and dh ' s Nst . we just loved the hotel . you must try some of their specialty pillows- magnetic was my favorite . we were higher up , can ' t remember what floor in a newly renovated room . the room was kind of small , but worked fine for the two of us . it would have been tight if there was another couple . location was great ! chicago is so spread out so no hotel is central to everything . from this hotel we walked magnificent mile and to navy pier ( although the outside stuff was closed- winter wonderland was operating inside ) . we took the bus down to soldier field , the field museum , and the aquarium . missed the planetarium on this trip . took a cab down to the natural science museum . all food options were still closed due to renovations , but other than that we the workers didn ' t affect us . staff was great and gave us some really wonderful restraurant suggestions . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago during a recent conference . the hotel is classy , clean , and the staff ' s nice . i like the gym , which is the biggest indoor hotel gym i ' ve ever known . you can run in the park just across the street too . the buffet breatfast is just average . i ordered some books during my stay , and the hotel charged me N dollars for each package . i think it ' s too much . 
i loved this place ! great views and friendly staff . i esp liked the aveda products in the bath . comfy bed and hardly any noise from neighbors . i would stay here again . in fact , i want to live there . ) the only thing they need to do is work on window cleanliness . there were a ton of spiders outside our windows , so that affected the view a bit . i think the windows needed to be cleaned . also , it would be nice if the hotel would offer recycling bins in the rooms . 
this past summer i spent a week in chicago with national education assoc . ra ( repsentative assembly ) i stayed at the fairmont hotel located near wacker dr . and millennium park . i enjoyed my stay at the hotel and gained valueable info at the ra meetings . so much to see and do as chicago is a busy city . took my first public bus ride while i was there . 
i read other reviews of this hotel and quite frankly expected less then what i got . i liked this hotel . granted , the rooms are not roomy , so if you ' re traveling with a family you may want to look elsewhere , but if you ' re a couple or single this is a great place . huge bed , flat screen tv , good mood lighting over the bed , and a large bathroom with a walk-in shower . good location for nightlife as it ' s right about center of the north rush st area or the south hubbard st bars and clubs , so you can walk either way . 
the folks who answer the phone at this hotel are unbelievably rude--i could not believe how my phone calls were handled . all i needed to know was how to get from the airport to the hotel on the metro train , and the first time i was forwarded to the concierge to answer that question ( and all i got was an answering machine ) and the second time i called , i was hung up on after i asked about the metro stop ! oh my goodness , the individuals i talked to were just plain unprofessional . 
stayed N nights . . . the hotel rooms may be a little on the tired side , but nevertheless was clean , very comfortable and spacious . we were lucky enough to see the ' gold room ' . . . . the hotels old ballroom , it was wonderful and exuded charm and an historic sense of occasion . the foyer reception bare were also nice . it wasn ' t expensive and great location , near buckingham fountain . 
what more can i say , it ' s in a nice building , and for the price , worth every penny ! 
the room was large and clean ( two things we look for ) . the lobby is a bit small , but who needs a lobby in chicago ? the one drawback was the european sized elevator . if you have many bags or many people you ' ll have to make a few trips . my husband booked this room on sale so it was well worth it . but had it not been on sale i dotn think we ' d have booked the room . 
i stayed in the hotel in november , N . something might have been changed , so it is just my impression from that period . location . yes , nice view form the roof top , walking distance from the shopping centres , lake michigan , metro station is just a few meters from the hotel . but sleeping to a sound of moving metro train . . . internet was not free but it was very slow . breakfast in the cafe on the ground floor . . . just two types of cheese , poor quality coffee and one day there was no bread , another day there was no croissant . it was not open buffet , one should make choice from the menu , and coffee , cheese and bread croissant is my typical breakfast , but there i was disappointed with the poor choice . but the most annoying ' item ' is concentrated scent of cleaning agents , that it is everywhere -at the lobby and in the rooms . 
the three of us stayed at the sheraton over the labor day weekend as our first trip to chicago . we chose the hotel due to its excellent location , close to navy pier and michigan ave . the lobby area has obviously undergone refurbishment and presents an excellent first impression . at reception we were asked if we wanted an upper floor room with a view , which we did . the room had views north to the hancock tower and east over the lake but not the pier which was blocked by another high-rise . the room was smallish but clean and with everything you need . it was cool without the air-con , despite the weather outside being quite hot . during the N nights we stayed we heard very little noise from other guests which made for a relaxing stay . our only dissapointment was the rather small pool , which for a N room hotel seemed inadequate . its a nice hotel in a great location for downtown chicago . a must is a visit to the nearby fox and obey delicatesen and restaurant which was fantastic ! 
we had planned a week-long vacation in chicago around the Nth of july in order to go to the taste of chicago as well as have our kids see fireworks on the Nth over the lake . booked this hotel N days in advance through expedia . even confimed booking with the hotel N hours before . we showed up late on the evening of our stay due to our late flight in to o ' hare ( thus the reason we confirmed ) . the first thing i encounter when walking into the hotel was some disco with music so loud i had to put my fingers in my ears . it looked like they were throwing some sort of dance party in open area lounge at the main entrance . when i got to the front desk , the woman ' s face turned white when i told her i was checking in . she took my license and went in the back room ( to speak to a manager i presume ) . she returned N minutes later to tell me they gave our room away ! she offered me a voucher for another hotel N miles away for that night and then told me we would have to come back the next day to the hyatt to get a room ! we chose that hotel because of its proximity to grant park , navy pier and all the other attractions in the area . since we already paid ( in full ) through expedia , she was binding me to stay in their hotel even though they did not hold a confirmed reservation . i explained ( yelling over the music ) that i had N bags , a wife and two sleeping toddlers in the car ( it was N Npm by then ) and i was not about to tote them from hotel to hotel just to satisfy hyatt . she offered no explanation , no alternatives and no apologies . as i was leaving , another couple that had just driven N hours tried to check in and were left roomless as well ! we were left with no choice but to leave . we drove by their voucher hotel - it was a zero-star roach motel unfit for anyone . certainly not the N-star hotel i already paid for . we were unable to find another room in chicago and had to drive around for two more hours just to find a room . we finally found a room N miles away at N Nam . since we were so far away from chicago , we missed all of our vacation plans and the vacation was ruined . after contacting hyatt with this mess , they offered no remuneration and little in the way of an apology . i will never stay in another hyatt after this huge disappointment . be warned ! this hotel ' s overbooking policy is a farce . they will give away your room . they do not feel any obligation to the customer . find a more reputable chain if you want to have an enjoyable vacation in chicago , especially around holidays . 
my wife and i stayed at the mariott over a long weekend . the staff was very friendly . when we checked in my wife needed band aids and we asked where the gift shop was and the front desk person had them sent up . within two minutes of arriving at our room , they knocked ont he door with the band aids . the room was nice , but very samll . it was basically big enough for one king bed and a chair . the tv reception was cloudy on a lot of the channels , and there were even blank channels when you were scrolling through . we got both breakfast and dinner once from room service , and both times the food arrived promptly and was very good . the location is great , right next to a mall and right in the middle of all the shopping on michigan avenue . 
i met an out of town friend and we had a fabulous girls catch up week-end shopping . this location was fabulous ! you can walk around the corner to nordstrom ! and when you come back from shopping at N you relax with a glass of wine ! then you walk a block down to hubbard for restaurants and clubs . we thought the service was fabulous too ! the doorman rushed up after he saw that the valet was not coming to take care of the car . when we came out and it was raining he offered advice that we had an umbrella in the room or could get one from the front desk . the concierge was very helpful when we asked about clubs . the front desk helped when we needed scissors to cut off tags . we wanted to check out the pool after it was closed and someone unlocked it so we could look around . everyone we talked to had a great attitude . the art on each floor is fantastic ! you could wander around and feel like you were in an art museum . the decor in the lobby and restaurant from the semi drapes to the silverware and little pepper grinder was very cool . although we thought they could have made the lobby seating area a little bigger and made the checkin desk smaller and moved it down further . the beds were very comfy and the animal print robes were very cool ( they was even slipper socks if were colder ) . the bathroom doesn ' t compare to the penninsula , but the moving wall door is very neat . someone mentioned smelling food and we did smell bacon both mornings and we were on the Nth floor ? ? we thought that was odd , but it got us to eat breakfast in the hotel restaurant ( and we both ordered the omelet with bacon ) . 
what a pleasant surprise ! this was my first time staying at the fitzpatrick and i loved it ! from now on this is my hotel of choice when i travel to chicago . the staff was warm and welcoming , they went above and beyond in making you feel at home . the rooms were beautiful , the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in . the room was great for someone like me traveling on business and in need of space and amenities . i loved the pub , fitzers , great food and atmosphere . i highly recommend staying at this property . 
we stayed here because we needed to fly out of midway . the hotel is not in an elegant neighborhood and our room overlooked a giant paper company warehouse facing east . our room was clean , small but fine for N of us . a big plus was the computer with printer in the lobby . i had no computer with me and needed to print boarding passes N hours before our flight . we swam in the pool and it was clean and refreshing on a hot day . the staff was very respectful and friendly and our room service portions were huge . the ice machine on the Nth floor was broken but everything else worked , including the iron . i usually do not use hotel toiletries because of the frangrance but the ones at this hotel were citrus without being too much . very nice . we drove to the museum of science and industry from here and it took a long time because of street traffic and lack of freeway availability so plan ahead if you need to go downtown . 
i spent three night here . it is in an excellent location and is clean and comfortable . unforunately there were a couple of minor things wrong with my room but these were speedily put right upon request . all the staff are very pleasant to meet and are most helpful . i only ate in on one occasion but it was good . all in all , i rate this highly . 
took a one-day trip on superbowl sunday to chicago with my friend who is a huge bears fan . booked last minute through spg . com and got a very decent rate for one night with a N o ' clock checkout . have been to the sheraton four-points twice before but never to the westin . found this hotel to be very nice in all areas . the room was clean and spacious with a river view . the location was outstanding for bar-hopping on super sunday . having many choices within a block or two was especially important as the outside temperature was -N without the wind chill . the only complaint was that the hotel did not seem to have any promotions for the bears superbowl in the bar area which was empty N hour before kickoff . i don ' t smoke personally , but maybe the non-smoking in the lounge hurt them in this area , as all other bar restaurants were packed the whole day . after reading some of the other reviews we regret not checking out the house of blues bar accross the street , and looking for alternate parking as it was a bit high at N per day . overall would stay again for sure . 
elegant , historic and classy . rooms are very nice and the staff is , as well . you will probably want to get a lake view room . if there are issues , the staff always takes care of them . great location . i love the drake . a fantastic place for a chicago wedding , as well . 
we booked N rooms for N nights march N-N . each room was a very comfotable size with decent size bathrooms . the hotel is old and not modernized as the big name and boutique hotels you usually find in big cities . with that in mind , if you go to the hotel with realistic expectations you will be pleasantly surprised . the views each room had were outstanding . that is when we could see , very foggy week . on the down side of the rooms were the fact that you could not control the temperature . i could never get comfortable . the temperature was set on N the entire time and it was more like N . we had the window open ( N inches ) as far as it would open and never cooled the room . one of our friends finally ordered a fan for each room and that helped with sleep a little . the rooms were clean and housekeeping did a nice job and the rooms were cleaned early . i had one complaint ( to my friends ) that my glass globes in the bathrooms had one inch thick dust on each of them . when they looked at the ones in their rooms it was the same . easy to clean , as they could have been lifted right off and wiped down . that hadnt been done in years . oh well . the concierge is useless . go to another hotel for the use of their concierge , it would be quicker and more helpful . he was on the phone the entire time and never looked up . we finally left the line to go find our destination on our own . terrible attitude on another stop by another time in the lobby . i also would mention the horrible service in the coq dor restaurant . we ordered drinks and N minutes of trying to stop the waiter for our orders , we finally paid and left . pretty bad that we left the property to go to another property to spend money because we couldnt get someone to wait on us . regardless , we had a good time , we probably would stay here again if only for the weekend . 
stayed at hyatt regency for N days during april , N . right on the chicago river and very close to michigan avenue . clean rooms , great bar restaurant at the lobby level ( hep and colorful actually ) . couple of things to watch out for . . . N ) a mini bar inside the room . . . if you open it they will charge you automatically . but of course they were kind enough to revert the charges once i told i didnt use the mini bar . so over all a very pleasant stay . N ) valet parking is N bucks with in-out facilities . no self parking in the hotel . if you need self parking go to millenium garage which is a couple of blocks away for N bucks . but there wont be in-out facilities though . but hey parking is a pain anywhere in the downtown . so i wont count it against the hotel here . 
my wife and i stayed here for four days in connection with a convention at mccormick place . the breakfasts were very good . there was a lengthy line at the start of the nightly cocktail receptions but they moved fairly quickly . as mentioned by others - the pool was small - we didn ' t even bother going down there after glancing at it upon arrival . the exercise area was ok but lacking adequate strength training options . the location is very good . as mentioned , parking is a bit steep at N for self-park but , that ' s par for the course at all other hotels in the downtown area as well . you could opt to park at a nearby public garage but it wasn ' t worth the minimal savings to me to be outside the hotel . our only negative experience was with housekeeping . although one wouldn ' t notice it taking a stand-up shower , my wife noticed some nasty black mold under the grab rail in the tub while taking a bath . we left a note for the maid and she made a half-hearted effort to remove it - about N remained when we returned . apparently , she wasn ' t going to bother getting a brush and whatever chemicals were needed to remove the remainder . there was also what appeared to be greenish spit ( saliva ) on one of the porcelain caps that cover the screws that hold the toilet to the floor . that remained there for two days before i ended up nearly gagging and cleaning it myself with a washcloth . those are items i would never allow at my own home and certainly don ' t expect to have to deal with at an embassy suites hotel . if management would like to address the deficiencies with the maid - we were in room N from march Nth-april Nrd . 
the amalfi is first class from beginning to end but let me down . the amalfi offers N ) nice , clean , well appointed rooms N ) quiet rooms N ) continental breakfast-bar in the lobby of each floor . N ) terrific mattresses turn-down service N ) robes , slippers , extra blanket , iron , ironing board N ) nightly open-bar reception ( great drinks ) N ) attentive staff , except . . . . . there was an intermittent electrical buzzing in the air unit over the entry to our room . i requested that it be repaired after the first night . nothing changed and i was disturbed for a second night . there is no point in offering amenities if you haven t first taken care of the first duty of any hotel to provide your guests with a good nights sleep . and yet so many hotels don ' t seem to get this most basic idea ! 
i stayed at the crowne plaza chicago-allerton on friday night . it was a great location to all the clubs and bars . we walked about nine blocks to get to sound-bar , y , rino , spyclub , etc . finding your way around my friend and i took the subway from o ' hare to the chicago ( red line ) stop and walked about N blocks to michigan ave . once on michigan we began out search for the crowne plaza to learn that it is not on michigan ave technically--the enterance is on huron . the nine west shoe store shares the same building and its front is on the mag mile . when we entered the hotel , we learned that check-in is on the third floor using the elevator on the right . if you wanted to go to your room , you had to get on another set of elevators on the third floor . to go to taps or the lounge , you got on the elevator on the first floor to your left . the room very small . we checked in at Npm and that ' s the only avalable room they had . my friend saw it and had a fit , but i didn ' t care because we didn ' t spend so much time in it . it had a standard bed ( full ) , a small desk , and a tv on a tv stand . the linens and towels were white and clean . the bathroom was quite nice with marble-ish floors and a see through glass shower . on , the floors are very slippery ! the room was very clean and stocked with the following -shampoo , conditioner , soap , lotion , and shoe polish -hair dryer and make-up mirror -on the bed was a linen spray and earplugs -iron , extra blanket and pillow in the closet staff helpful , if not a bit sarcastic . they at least knew how to get around the city . you can also leave your luggage there after check-out to walk around the city . 
we are staying at this hotel over the july N weekend because a family member selected it . the other members of our party are going home tomorrow and we are checking out and into a different hotel . i do not recommend this hotel to anyone under any circumstances . it is old -- and while old can sometimes mean charming , in this case it means run down . the rooms are the size of european hotels with mismatched furniture the beds are not comfortable , and the bathroom is nasty . when i took a shower a N N a . m . , there was little hot water . we arrived yesterday about N N p . m . and were told that our rooms would not be ready until N N p . m . -- the same thing that the front desk was telling every guest . so we waited until N N p . m . only to be told that our rooms were " not quite " finished but we could have the keys anyway . when we opened the door , we found an unmade bed , wet towels , full waste baskets , trash on the carpet , and the previous guest ' s tablet and travel guides . nothing had been done to clean the room and yet it was given to us as being " almost ready . " i wanted to use the exercise room but the air conditioning was turned off . when i inquired about turning it on , i learned that the controls are in the security office and it makes so much noise , that they leave it off . of two treadmills , one had a sign that it was " out of order " and the other was stuck in the maximum incline position -- so no workout today ! yesterday , we had lunch in the adjoining restarant . the food was fine however , the server failed to bring salad dressing for one of the salads and the children ' s chicken fingers were straight out of a frozen food bag . while these things may not be so bad the price was that of a N-star property . do not stay at this hotel in spite of its convenient location . it should be shut down by the health and sanitation commission and never re-opened . 
the dana has an entrance on street level that takes you into the restaurant . you take an elevator or stairs to the reception area where you are greeted by warm front desk staff . the only strange thing for me was they stay seated at a desk to check you in it isn ' t the normal front desk experience . i had a great room overlooking the city on a high floor . the room was spacious with a corner sofa and very comfortable bed . there was a very wide selection of local snacks and drinks in the room . the room i was in had a shower and my little pet peeve is no full door on the shower , but i got over it because there was a waterfall showerhead that more than made up for it and the water was extra hot . there was also a teak bench , and that is always great when you need to prop your foot to shave your legs . the hotel was quiet and the dark hallways were warm without feeling closed in . i stopped for a drink at the bar and found it very well stocked with great wines . it is a few blocks from michigan avenue and walking distance to many fantastic chicago attractions . i didn ' t have time to visit the spa but heard from other guests it was excellent . 
i checked in to the hotel with my N year old daughter and i have to say that the customer service which i was given from regina was outstanding ! she was very pleasent from our initial point of contact with her . we arrived to the hotel before check-in time and wasn ' t quite sure if we would be able to get our room so early , but regina was able to work her fingers and get us in . thanks so much regina . keep up the good work . after meeting her , my daughter and i were also able to speak with the kiera and renee who were also very pleasant and very nice . thank you for exceptioanl customer service ladies . from the point we entered the lobby of the hotel , to our room , to the parking lot , the premises were immaculate . our room was very room and smelled very fresh . love it ! i can not say of anything i do not like about the hotel . i will definitely stay again as well as recommend this hotel to others who may be traveling to the area . thanks for the beautiful stay chicago south loop hotel ! 
the chicago hilton is one of the nation ' s classic hotels . . . but she is tired and weeping at the edges . too bad , of course , as the most ordinary of clean redecoration would have ( and will stlll ) avoided disappointment . the palmer house -- also hilton branded - delivers what this grande dame could but does not . 
we stayed at this hotel when visiting friends for a weekend in july . when we got there to check in ( after check in time ) the room was not ready . so we decide to park the car in the garage close to the hotel . it took so long to park by the time we got done the room was ready . we walk into a room that just looked crusty . everything looked dirty . i called to the front desk and asked for fresh sheets . why did it take so long for the room to be " ready " if they didn ' t actually clean it ? the bathroom was nice and remodeled but also dirty . there was hair in the bathtub and the bathroom trash had not been emptied . we tried to call different hotels to move to but everything in the area was booked ( due to july Nth weekend and the ribfest ) . luckily we were only there for N short nights but we will never go back there again ! ! 
i ' ve found days inn hotels to be reliable - clean and really good values . the days inn at lincoln park is a really nice hotel . don ' t expect N star luxury just clean , nicely furnished rooms at very reasonable prices . a really good choice -
i can ' t say much more about this hotel , that hasn ' t already been said . my wife and i were both looking forward to styaing in the affinia after reading so many good reviews on this site , and we were not dissapointed . the location is first class , the staff are very , very friendly and helpful . will we stay here again when we visit chicago in the future - without a doubt ! 
loved this hotel . very busy and conferency type place , but awesome location and very very friendly . we had N kids in the room , but it didn ' t feel overcrowded . was not cheap , but the view from our room was amazing . nice welcome when root beer and popcorn were delivered to room - unexpected and kept kids happy . room service was really good . breakfast is unbelievable - my partner would go back just for that . chicago is such a brilliant city - i think i could almost say i loved it even more than new york . there was a us N fee for car parking overnight which was pricey , but that was the only downer . will definately stay again when i get back to this fantastic city . 
i booked through priceline and i got a great deal ! ! i surprised my boyfriend for his birthday , and he absolutely loved it ! the hotel was very modern and low key . the beds were very very very comfortable ! the room was clean , the service was great , out stay was amazing and i would definitely stay there again ! ! ! only con- i wanted to get late check out and couldn ' t ! 
renee was great and couldn ' t have helped any more . she hooked us up with a taxi and some sweet laundry service . victor got us an awesome room and told us the hotspots downtown . 
my boyfriend and i stayed here on a friday night . we requested an upper level room and were promptly placed in a corner room on the Nth floor . our room had two walls of windows and a spectacular view . the view alone justifies the price . in addition to the view , however , the dana room contained the single most comfortable hotel bed i have ever slept in--imported linens , king-sized bed , fluffy down comforter , a mountain of pillows . it is strange entering the hotel through the bottom floor restaurant , but a friendly host quickly directed us upstairs to the lobby . we also checked out vertigo , the lounge on the top floor , but it was packed at N N on a friday night , so we opted for the quiet of our room instead . the shower is big enough for several adults and the water pressure is great . the set-up is a little strange--with just one night there , we weren ' t able to master showering without soaking the rest of the bathroom , as the shower does not have a door that closes , but it ' s still quite nice . there is only a curtain over a glass wall blocking the view of the shower bathroom from the rest of the room , but it wasn ' t an issue for us . the continental breakfast saturday morning was impressive , as far as continental breakfasts go . there was a large room service menu available at all times of day , but we did not try it . we took breakfast back to our room and made mimosas . overall , the staff was friendly and competent , the ambiance was great , the furnishings were modern but comfortable , and all of that , in such a prime location , close to so much activity downtown , simply can ' t be beat . 
stayed in enough places in downtown chicago to know what i like and i liked the amalfi . no doubt an unlimited budget obtains luxuries not available at this hotel . these have been covered in other reviews views , room service , pool , spa , etc . and i suppose if they are important to you , they are available at a price elsewhere . but amalfii is not utilitarian by any means . if you ' re looking for a generously-sized , nicely furnished room and gracious low-key service while you ' re doing other things in the city , the amalfi is truly great . my wife and i found it was close to everything . we left the car parked , except for one excursion so we could have saved money w o the valet service . we were advised at check-in that self-park was available ( N ) but without in-out privileges . we did receive assurances about security for the extra N day but you need to allow about N minutes for retrieval . many well known restaurants are nearby ( within N minute walk ) as is access to mass transit . we ' ll definitely make a return trip . 
i travel to chicago every fall break with my daughter , sister in law and neices . we absolutely love the affinia . we had a suite which was perfect for us . the girls had their own t . v . and us adults had ours . the beds are wonderful and so comfortable . very clean , great staff , great location ( right off of mag . mile ) . 
we took the train and stayed at the sheraton towers just before christmas . we love chicago and i ' ve previously had great experience with sheratons ( the one in toronto is a favorite destination ) i guess i was just expecting more for the price . it ' s convenient to some areas - we walked to navy pier . our room was quite small and cramped but the beds were fantastic . there was no complimentary breakfast but a nice area off the lobby that offered hot beverages and cookies . that was a huge hit with our two N year olds . the staff was very helpful and well informed and check-in check-out was a breeze . we had to wait forever for some elevators due to a busy conference weekend . it seemed like everything had additional surcharges which was disappointing for a hotel of this supposed caliber . our son was told by staff not only could he not use the workout facilities without paying ( not unusual ) but he could not use the swimming pool either ! ? ! although i would not discourage people from staying there , i feel there are much better choices . we loved the omni suites that we stayed at last christmas and i ' d certainly rate that above the sheraton . 
my husband , adult son and i stayed in a N bedroom suite . the kitchenette ( stove top , microwave , refrigerator ) allowed us to fix breakfasts quickly " at home " before going out for early tours and to save money on some easy suppers . basic pots , pans , plates , and cooking and eating utensils were provided . beds and pillows were very comfortable . we didn ' t hear any noise from the street or from other guests with the white noise of the air conditioner . . . . delightful sleeping . the two bathrooms were a luxury for the three of us . note that the N bedrooms ( one king , one queen ) do not have doors , so they are semi-private , not totally private . unfortunately , the sitting area was a little claustrophobic because we had expected a window and view . instead there was just one window in the Nnd bedroom with no windows in the living area . at the front desk , i was told that all of the N bedroom suites have the same " view " . we could see just other close buildings ( no river ) from the window in the bedroom . as other reviewers have remarked , the hotel ' s location is the best ! we took the orange line from midway and our son took the blue line from o ' hare to within several blocks of the hotel . we walked or took public transportation everywhere while touring . 
this was only a brief stay at the swissotel chicago but it has the usual high quality that i ' ve come to expect from this chain . the location of the hotel i found to be good , just a short walk from michigan ave and navy pier with the river just in front of the hotel if you fancy taking that route to navy pier or along onto lake michigan . the hotel has a decent fitness suite and pool and breakfast was good - though pricey if you pay for it . my room was large and had all that could be expected , coffee machine , flat screen tv , etc - the hotel staff as always were very friendly and helpful . each swissotel i ' ve stayed in differs slightly in the service they provide and though it may seem a little petty , all the other chains i ' ve stayed in so far have offered complimentary bottles of water in the room - not so here and at N for a small bottle in the room , i felt this was a bit much and not acceptable , especially when you can walk to walgreens and get a same size bottle for less than N . so , there you have it , a gripe from me about swissotel - however , i ' ll be back next year as for quality , they can ' t be beat . let ' s just hope i don ' t have to pay N for water though hahahahah
very nice building in the middle of " the magnificent mile " where all the stores are . chicago is an older city ( al capone lived there - ) ) with a lot of not that skyhigh brick buildings . not the average american city of concrete . this old charm you can find in a lot of buildings , including in the allerton . the allerton has an income hall at grond level , the only thing to see is the elevater to the lobby at the N-th floor . lobby is small and cosy . staff is friendly and helpful . i stayed on the N-th floor . rather small corridors , room is clean and well equiped but small according to us norms . i had little storage space in the closet . bathroom was clean but dated from al capones youth . good housekeeping . nice breakfast , friendly staff . we had a meeting in the ballroom . technical support and equipment was more than average . very good place to stay for work . 
i live in milwaukee , wi and work in chicago , so stay in the city frequently . i had stayed at the w city center several times for work , and chose this hotel for recent weekend get-away with my husband . we love the chic vibe of this hotel , excellent service and attention to detail . i requested the courtyard and they upgraded us to a spectacular room when i asked upon check in . they have re-decorated the rooms and i liked the fresh modern feel . if you stay in this part of the city , you need to know that you ' ll be walking or taking a cab most places , but i appreciate the proximity to union station , and you can get almost everywhere in chicago via cab for under N if you don ' t want to take the trains or buses . 
this is definitely a top-notch hotel . very friendly and helpful staff . stayed for one night in a non-smoking room on the Nrd floor - really good views of the city and could even see a little of the lake . the room was so comfortable thanks to the feather top mattress , feather duvet , in-room thermostat , and beautiful bathroom with plenty of towels and bathrobes and slippers ! 
i reserved this hotel N months ago and got a confirmation for a double room . since i was traveling with my brother , we definitely wanted N beds . we arrived early , before check-in , and was told that there were no clean double rooms available . we said no problem , checked our bags and went site seeing . we arrived back at around N N and our room was ready . we opened the door and saw a room with one king bed . after walking around all day and getting very hot tired exhausted , we had looked forward to showering and relaxing with some cold beverages . but we had to lug our suitcases back to the reservation desk and tell them they made a mistake with our room . the reservationist ( don ' t remember her name ) was very hard to understand and informed us that " her system " showed a reservation for a king bed . i showed her the confirmation indicating a double room and said that there were none available . but there were at an upgraded price . i said that if there were some available that they will be complimentory . she said she couldn ' t do it . i asked to see the manager and she said he ' s in a meeting . i asked to see any manager and she said they were all in the same meeting , but if i wanted to go back to the room she ' d let me know when they were done . i said i ' d wait . i waited probably a half an hour and she still said they were in a meeting . i walked to the concierge and explained our situation and she couldn ' t believe that the reservationist wasn ' t doing more . she said she ' d get the manager out of the meeting and left . she came back N minutes later with the manager . guess what ? it was the same guy that told us there were no " double rooms " clean . he must have been the one to type into the system a king bed . i told him i can ' t wait to write this up on tripadvisor and he proceeded to hand me his business card and said , " remember to tell the whole story " meaing he took care of the problem . this guy was acting like he was some kind of hero when he messed up to begin with . no apology , no nothing . the room was just as small as the first one so i don ' t know why this would have cost more . the view was worse . i think the person checking you in should have the authority to make the situation right . i wasn ' t looking for any freebies . i just wanted the room that i reserved . the maid service was pretty bad too . we had drank some beers and placed all of the emptys into the case that the beers came in . placed the case right next to the trash can . basically cleaned the room up before leaving for the day . ( also left a nice tip ) . when we returned later that day , the case with the empties was never removed . they didn ' t replenish the shampoos soaps conditioners . then there ' s the mini-bar . we had leftovers from lunch so we moved things around in the mini-bar so we could put the container of leftovers in there . when i got the bill , there was a N charge for the mini-bar ! i guess if you move things , it electronically charges you . ( the small print on the mini-bar states that but you ' d have to get on the floor to notice it ) . i had to tell them about it at check out and she stated that " we tell our guests about it at check in " . that was never comminicated to us . they took it off the bill without a problem . other guests had the same problem . they should disable this " modern technology " . the place was too dark . i like ambiance , but i also like to see what i ' m doing . on the positive side , the beds were comforatable and the pillows were great . the air didn ' t seem to cool very well though . i ' ve stayed in chicago ' s magnificent mile N times and never had a problem with any of the chain hotels . i will choose one of those next year and will never stay at the hard rock hotel again . note to manager did you ever hear the phrase , " the customer ' s always right " ? you could have done some gesture to show some good will instead of acting like you did me a favor by fixing your screw up . 
the hyatt regency is in a good location right on the river and N block from michigan aveneue . the hotel itself is very large spreading over N towers . our room was large , modern and in very good condition , could not fault it . we travelled with N children so we had a room with N queen beds . when booking you really should look to see how much access to the regency club would cost . the quality of the continental breakfast and hors d ' ouerves is excellent and completely justified the cost . the regency club room is on the Nth floor with views across the river to the wrigley building and michigan avenue , this makes it a pleasant place to go to at any time to relax with complimnetary tea coffee and soft drinks . 
my wife and i took the advice of other tripadvisor readers and were not disappointed . the burnham is in an excellent location in the heart of the loop . convenient to public transportation . the red line is just outside the door , the blue line ( to o ' hare ) is a block away and the rest of the el lines can be caught via transferring at another station N blocks away . marshall fields department store ( macy ' s ) is caddycorner to the hotel and millenium park is a short ( N block ) walk . the area is lively and one feels safe walking in the evening because so many people were out . the hotel is a renovated former office building that is stylishly furnished and comfortable . our room was small but very nice . there was construction on both wings of the hotel ' s outfacing sides , but it was quiet enough that we didn ' t have difficulty falling asleep . my wife was very happy with the buckwheat pillow she requested from the " pillow library " . the hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful obtaining tour tickets for us and printing our airline boarding passes . we did not have an opportunity to eat at the atwood cafe ( hotel lobby restaurant ) , but it was usually busy and the menu looked good . we enjoyed our stay at the burnham and chicago immensely and were not disappointed by other members ' advice in choosing this hotel . our only disappointment , which was very minor , was that the hotel fitness room was eliminated in favor of a meeting room . however , we were directed to a sister hotel N blocks away ( allegro ) where we exercised during the stay . we easily understand why the burnham is so popular with other members . 
based on traveling to chicago on business for the last N years , this is the best deal in the michigan ave area . the rooms are spacious , clean , quiet , and the staff is very accomodating . simply put , this is the best deal around . everything is in walking distance if you perfer , and convenience to the train and cabs is also easy . the breakfast fitness room make mornings a snap , and the convenience of nearby restaurants make dinner lunch very easy . the true suite rooms ( there is a door that closes truly separates the bedroom from the living area ) make traveling with others children very easy . the kitchen is stocked with utensils and dinnerware . this has become our preferred location doubtless will remain so . 
this hotel has a great central location . staff is extremely friendly , especially the doormen and porters . rooms are of an unusual shape , a bit like a caravan and spacious . the " mini " bar is a full stocked bar with large bottles . bathrooms are of good size with amenities from kiehls . the decor is very modern so if you don ' t like modern hotels you won ' t like this one . 
we have stayed at a number of home wood suites , and this was probably our best experience . the location is very convenient for shopping , the red line metro , and restaurants . even though a lot of people were eating breakfast , they kept the buffet well stocked and tables clean . the pool is on the top floor with nice views . 
amalfi hotel is an oasis wihtin a sea of mediocre , run of the mill chain hotels and motels in chicago . conveniently located across from harry caray ' s it ' s a short walk to lots of restaurants and all the places one needs when in downtown . purposefully designed to be different , the hotel appears as a hip entrance to a jazz club or swanky apartment rather than a typical hotel lobby . with it ' s convenience architects and experience designers the hotel staff strives to ensure a comfortable stay and deliver a high-level of service . the rooms are spacious with comfy kings , flat screens and breakfast served too . free wireless internet and a simple desk and supportive leather desk chair provide ample opportunity to get business done . undoubtedly the best part of the experience is the nightly evening reception . hosted by kenneth simpson , leisure libations coordinator , the mix-master serves up warm smiles and cool drinks to provide a relaxing end to the workday and a crank-start to the evening . ken creates a friendly atmosphere which helps you feel like you entered a party in your honor . the italian coastal starters which are served make you feel like your visiting amalfi . served up with the latest sports and smooth jazz , i wish the party didn ' t end a t Npm . ken always sends you off with a smile , handshake and a heartfelt , " be safe ! " all the best to him and my friends at the amalfi hotel chicago . nice job , brian cooney ! best , rob w . 
the garden inn is in a good location with lots of options for eating and entertainment . the hotel lobby is a little small but well laid out . they do not have their own restaurant but are attached to webbers and i found that the food here to be very good . rooms are well furnished with all the amenities that you expect at this level of hilton property . the staff at the hotel was very helpful and pleasant from the front desk to the cleaning personnel . the only drawback was the elevators that during the morning rush were a bit slow and crowded . i did not have a car but learned from others that parking is expensive with the hotel but there is a private lot across the street that is far more reasonable and the walk is minimal . breakfast for honor members is at webbers and it was very good . eggs done well . staff was very friendly . i will stay here again either for business or a weekend getaway as i like the smaller venue and the free breakfast and that is not the case at many of the " luxury " hotels in the downtown area . this is a very good garden inn that is a reasonably priced choice for trips to chicago . 
the location of this hotel is perfect . there is a trader joes downstairs . the grand lux ( a great restaurant overlooking the magnificent mile ) is kitty corner from the hotel . the magnificent mile is just down the street . you can even walk to navy pier . the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful . the rooms were very clean , the bed was comfortable . loved having a fridge and microwave without having to ask for them . we would definitely stay there again . 
date september N , N reviewer bob soriano , national sales manager , enchantmints , brentwood , tn . i stayed at the beautiful amalfi hotel in chicago for the fourth time this past july . each stay continues to get even better , as new remoldeling continues to be completed . the service , from the general manager to the marketing people to the general staff , is simply wonderful . they all make the guests feel very welcome . the rooms are nice , with comfortable beds , flat screen t . v . ' s and recently updated bathrooms . each level of the six floor hotel includes a continental breakfast , which makes it easy to pick up your food and bring back to your room to enjoy . in the evening , they offer a fantastic hospitality suite with drinks and delicious appetizers , the perfect place to relax after a long day . all this is included in the room price , an extraordinary value for any hotel . the amalfi is ideally located with many fine restaurants in the immediate area . with my heavy national travel schedule , i rate the amalfi hotel as one of the best places to stay in chicago . 
stayed here for a long weekend in april a couple years ago . if there is one thing i love , it ' s a boutique hotel . our room had an awesome view ( and large window seat ) of the river . the bed was super comfy , and i even recall popping one of those bath fizz balls into the tub one night and soaking away the day ' s walk . the location is outstanding , and the staff is always ready to help with any need you have . i thought the decor was fantastic , as well . we had an amazing dinner at south water kitchen one night . we also used the bar as a pre-planning spot before heading out at night . 
was lucky enough to have business meeting at four seasons and spent a week including tgiving . what stands out the most is the overwhelming friendliness of the staff , from the bartender to the bellman on the street . all made it their job for you to be happy and welcomed . concierge heather was a special treat as every , and i mean every , recommendation she made was on the money . we explained what we liked in restaurants etc . and she came through with great recommendations , not necessarily on the top lists , which was even more unique and fun . although i use trip advisor heavily when traveling , heather was much better . debated upgrading to suite but we were so comfortable in our deluxe room that we decided to save the upgrade costs spend more on other fun things , food and the world class shopping all within blocks of the outstanding location . one of the best hotel gyms we have ever used . meeting accommodations superb . was there a downside ? yes but only three things . no coffee in room or on floor . i can get coffee in my room at the hampton inn , but not the four seasons ! ! ! i just do not understand the logic on that one . and the wireless internet is way too slow for what you would expect from the fs - better at starbucks . one evening there was an unexplained power failure , affecting most rooms for several hours - our room was black . very creepy . although apologies were made at checkout , i feel that this could have been handled much smoother by such a fine hotel . a nice apology letter under everyones door or maybe even e . g . free muffins or croissants in the lobby the next am , would have been an outstanding touch . it was like it was swept under the rug . these issues certainly stood out , because everything else was so fantastic . in the overall picture the few negatives were not huge and we remain overwhelmed with our experience and look forward to coming back . everything cannot be perfect for a full week stay , even the four seasons is in the real world - although when you enter the hotel it is a bit of a fantasy land . overall one of our top hotel experiences ever . and we even bought a four seasons bed . 
this was my first stay at a w and will probably be my last . i ' ve always heard how great they are , but now i think the reality is that they appeal to a certain type of traveler . this hotel is conveniently located on the orange " l " line and was a straight shot from midway airport . also it was very easy to navigate chicago and all the sights from here . fortunately i did not spend that much time in the hotel i just slept there . when i walked through the doors into the hotel everything went dark and there was loud music playing , as if i was in a nightclub or bar . directly in my path were several sofas and various types of seating , with people all around . i could not see a check in area anywhere ( it was off to the side in a corner with no directional markings ) . once i did find the check in area there was a long line waiting for two men standing behind podiums with spotlights on them . despite the fact that there were many " workers ' milling around and seated at other desks in the lobby , these two were the only ones checking in guests . my room was small and i expected that . i did not expect to be without some place to hang my clothes , however , so i just hung them on the shower rod . the walls of the room were also thin . i could hear the televisions and conversations of my neighbors quite clearly . otherwise i have no complaints about the room it was basic and everything was clean and in working order . if you want a trendy hip hotel with atmosphere in the lobby area then you will like this place . if you want rooms with a bit more space ( and a closet ) , more lighting ( even the elevators were dark ) and a more traditional feel , then you can probably find that nearby . 
nice location downtown , short walk to macy ' s , millenium park . had stayed off magnificent mile last time- this was a change . 
i was there this past weekend , and honestly , have no clue what the prior poster is talking about . what construction ? we checked in with ease and a smile , even though it was only N a . m . got a room on the Nrd floor . elevators were never a problem ( not even the problem earlier posters had pointed out about crowds , let alone what the prior poster said about only one elevator being in service ) . most of the time there was nobody or one other person couple in the elevator with us on the way up or the way down . we never waited more than a minute for the elevator . the lobby is nice - as i said in the title , very marriott-like . we were only there for a short stay , so never even sat in the lobby . did get a cup of tea at the starbucks in the lobby , again , nice , pleasant service . the room itself was average-size . i ' d estimate the main part of the room measures N x N . unbelieveably comfortable king-size bed and linens . as marriott rewards customers , we have stayed in many many marriotts , as well as many many other hotels over the years , and i ' d venture to say this was the most comfortable bed i ' ve ever slept on , including my own at home . small dresser and desk , loveseat , two nightstands . the room ' s biggest " issue " is the size of the bathroom . i ' ve only ever seen one smaller hotel bathroom in my life . this one was shockingly small . it was functional for one person -- it had a nice-size vanity , and it did have a good shower -- but the size made it impossible for two people to get ready at the same time . even the one person had to wait for the mirror to de-fog . the best things about the hotel - the bed , and knowing that the room would be non-smoking , because all marriotts are . we would stay here again . 
we booked through travelocity and paid N a night including breakfast . the rooms are small and modern . bed very comfortable . close to everything . bar on top floor , restaurant in lobby , both good . staff very friendly . 
this was without a doubt the best hotel we ' ve ever stayed at . from the moment we walked in the door we were treated like welcome guests . tracee and brandon , especially , were outstanding . we were upgraded to a better suite without extra charge because they ' d overbooked the one we reserved , and it was magnificent . the room was huge , clean , and comfortable . we were in the corner overlooking dearborn on one side and west illinois avenue on the other , and i adored it . everything we needed was right there without having to ask twice or wait . they helped us find our way around chicago , pointed out fantastic restaurants and places to see , even booked us a river tour . all with smiles , lively conversation , and the sincere joy of doing a job they obviously love . we are definitely coming back to chicago , and we are definitely staying at this hotel when we do ! 
stayed here N night for work . i travel to chicago often and enjoy trying new places . of the N hotels i ' ve stayed at , this was the worst . service was moderate , at best . the rooms were very old , uncomfortable bed , poor water pressure in the shower . i didn ' t feel clean the entire time i was in the room . luckily we were out late after dinner so i didn ' t have to spend much time in the room . this hotel is not worth the price . i would definately not be staying here again . the only plus is location , but there are better hotels ( for the same price ) to chose from . my advise , stay elsewhere . 
i stayed at the blackstone for two nights while attending a conference at the mammoth hilton next door . the blackstone is a lovely hotel - a much nicer place to stay than the impersonal , rather tired hilton . the welcoming , helpful staff really set the blackstone apart . from the bell staff who rush to help you with your bags or hail you a taxi , to the housekeeping staff who keep the rooms spic and span , they all did a first-rate job . it ' s definitely worth reserving a lakeview room mine was on the Nth room , and the views were spectacular - lake michigan with all its sailboats , grant park , and a view of the city from navy pier to the north all the way down to the museum campus and soldier field in the south . the room decor was funky modern the bed was supremely comfortable and everything worked well , including the flat-screen hdtv with lots of channels . the bathroom was spic and span lots of fluffy towels were provided , as well as bathrobes . no bathtub , but an excellent , spacious shower . as other reviewers have pointed out , the frosted-glass sliding bathroom door is a problem for those who are sharing a room and want some privacy . as i was staying by myself , it wasn ' t an issue . the only slight drawback was that the hotel ' s excellent tapas restaurant , mercat a la planxa , was closed for renovations during my stay - would have loved to try it . but it was fun to be right across the street from the taste of chicago event . i felt so comfortable and pampered that it was hard to leave my room to attend my conference . would love to stay here again on my next visit ! 
the omni chicago on michigan ave is a fantaastic hotel ! the rooms are a little on the small side but i guess thats the price you pay for being right on miracle mile . the omni was a little on the pricy side but again , you get what you pay for . great walking distance to everything on miracle mile , navy pier , john hancock tower and easy l access to wrigley field . i would definatly go back . 
i came last week with some girlfriends and we were just thrilled with the room and the service ! every staff person we dealt with was pleasant and accomodating . we had a very large room for a reasonable rate . a broken toilet handle was instantly fixed and everything else went very smooth . the location was great , many tourism attractions are within walking distance . having three kids , i have found it difficult to find hotel rooms that allow five people . the room we stayed in far exceeded our expectations . in addition to two bathrooms and two bedrooms it offered a living room with a kitchenette . this area was great for socializing in when others were ready to hit the sack . the next time i come to chicago with my family , this is definitely where we ' re staying . 
we arrived thursday to the doubletree . it was exactly where i thought it was . great location . near the mag mile ( about N blocks off ) but not on the mile . near good restaurants and shopping . now for the hotel . it was ok , but just didn ' t have the extra something that makes one ' s stay memorable . this hotel was remodeled last year . to be honest , it looks like an old building that they tried to upgrade . the carpet down our hall was dirty . near the elevators on the Nth floor there was a heating unit or something that had pulled away from the wall and you could see the area that was not wallpapered . the hinges on the doors were painted over instead of being removed during the painting process . also for a hotel that was just remodeled last year i don ' t understand why they have old tvs in the rooms . where are the flatscreens ? our rooms were large and clean . i liked the beds , but my sister thought they were too hard . be aware , when checking in , this hotel will freeze up N day on your credit card for incidentals . that i don ' t like and i have never had that happen at a marriott , crowne plaza or grand hyatt . if i hadn ' t asked , i would not have known and the only reason i asked is because i had that happen at a hilton garden inn in another city . with so many nice hotels in the city , i think i will opt for the courtyard marriott or the intercontinental next time i am in chicago . not because it ' s a bad hotel , but for a the same amount of money you can do better . 
first , the positive--the seneca is in a great location , we had a very large , clean suite with bedroom , living room , dining table and full kitchen ( which we didn ' t use ) . negatives--thin , skimpy towels and not enough for N people . bathroom was tiny , plastic sink had multiple cracks and water pressure was very low in shower . ac had already been turned off for the entire hotel and the weather was warm . as a result , the room was hot and we had to open windows --which didn ' t help much . street noise because of open windows . the bed was hard as a board , which made sense as there was a board built into the box spring ! pillows flat and worn . no black out drapes and some blinds were ripped and broken . worst of all , the room and overheated hallways reeked of sweet -smelling sachet air freshener cleaning fluids which was cloying and very unpleasant . there is no excuse for any of this , regardless of price . management should get their act together and spend some money on amenities instead of the doorman ' s spiffy uniform . 
we enjoyed our stay and will stay again . we got a promo for valentine ' s day for N ( plus tax ) per night ! i even fell in town and the hotel provided me with an ice pack . 
great location and fabulous people make this a great place to stay - a thoroughly enjoyable experience . 
barely a N-star . dated , noisy rooms ( the train runs down the back side with noise from early to late ) . there was a gap in the cabinets where a mini-fridge should have been and a separate mini-fridge was sitting on the for on the opposite side of the room taking up needed space in the tiny room . no tub , only shower . i paid extra for the club level . after i checked in i asked when evening appetizers would be served and i was told that since i wasn ' t a marriott rewards gold or platinum , i couldn ' t have access to the lounge . really ? not conveniently located . far better choices in this city . 
then this place will work for you . we got a room with two doubles in the bedroom and a double-sized sleep sofa was in the living room . the rooms were large , especially the bathroom . the sink was outside the toilet shower area , with a lot of counter space . i can ' t decide if the decor is dated or was planned by someone with no sense of style . i ' m leaning towards the latter , as most items are still in pretty good shape , even though they appear to be circa N . we paid an arm and a leg for the place ( N with taxes ) , but every place downtown was super-expensive during lollipalooza . at least we got the N parking package . when booking , pay extra-close attention , as that parking package is easy to miss . if using the hotel ' s parking service , just pull up in front of the grand ave . entrance for the valet park . we requested a rollaway bed , but none were available . the hotel was completely sold out during our stay . the good news is the wait for the elevators wasn ' t usually too bad , nor was the noise from other guests . my son wasn ' t particularly fond of the pool or work-out room . i thought the breakfast was great and i ' m pretty picky . the scrambled eggs tasted like real eggs , as did the sausage . they also served hash brown potatoes . there were ripe pineapple chunks and melon balls , too . the breakfast room is a zoo if the hotel is crowded . you may have to wait a few minutes for a table . get there early or be prepared to get a container to go , as you may have to eat in your room . there is no conceirge , so you must go to the front desk . they gave us directions to gino ' s , but failed to mention the discount coupons they have available . ( i asked if they wanted some we didn ' t use . ) they have discount coupons for many restaurants and tours , so don ' t forget to ask for them . 
a group of us stayed here for a few days at valentines weekend . with a great location ( just off michigan ave ) and clean , well equipped rooms this turned out to be a great choice , even down to the rose in my room on one of the nights ! highly recommended . 
i stayed at the westin this past weekend for a friends weekend . our service was really good and we never had any trouble with getting help with our bags or getting help with a taxi . there was always someone there to help us with both , very quickly as well . the rooms were a little outdated , but not a big deal to us . my only complaint is that the maid took our dirty towels and wash clothes , but didn ' t replenish us with new ones . i don ' t know how this happens at a major hotel chain ? the location is the best feature . it is within walking distance to almost everything . when i return to chicago , i will probably not want to spend N ( tax included ) night again , but if you have the money , i would recommend it . however , i think i can get a cheaper rate from another hotel chain a block away ( holiday inn express , red roof inn--both of which looked really nice from the street ) . 
stayed here in may ' N when this was still known as hotel blake . was hoping this wouldn ' t become part of a big chain so that there prices would stay nice and manageable . ohh well . . . being located only a few minutes from michigan ave and famous buckingham fountain , it is also located close to several different cta stations , so getting around town is quite easy . there are a couple of entrances into the hotel . one is shared with the entrance to custom house , a restaurant on the corner of congress pkwy ( they make their own ice cream ! ! ) . the main entrance is closer to the middle of the block . the lobby is off the main entrance and there is a nice long hallway leading to the lobby from the secondary entrance . between both entrances is the business center with a couple of computers and nice comfy leather chairs . the folks at the reception were nice , courteous , and professional . the room was nice and large with a king size bed , a comfy lounge chair , tv console with flat screen tv , and a comfy bench at the end of the bed . the room not only looked plush and rich , but everything actually was . the room even came with bathrobe and house slippers . the bed was so comfy after a long day of walking around town , but the warm shower before that was even more so with a nice rainfall shower head . all in all one of the most comfortable places i stayed in for a couple of days and for the price , there was no other place i would have preferred to stay . 
this hotel has a perfect location which means you can walk to most of chicago ' s major attractions like mag mile , navy pier , millennium park , loop , state street . there are also subway stations close by to reach attractions more far away . from o ' hare airport we took the blue line subway to the downtown station clark lake for N . N ea . and then had a N minute-walk to the hotel . the hotel itself is an older building which you can tell from the interior . there are old doors and old cabinets inside the rooms . the hotel offers little service , no ice , no restaurants , no vending machines . still , the staff is very friendly , safes are available in the reception office and the rooms are clean , have tv , stereo , a clean bathroom . another plus free wi-fi in the room . rooms appaer a bit dark as they have dark rugs and furniture . we recommend the corner bakery next door for meals . we would stay again for location but not really because the hotel is so great . 
the palmer house is one of the historic hotels in chicago , and it is nice . the bed was good , everything was as clean as could be expected , but the hotel is noisy . you can hear everything that goes on in the corridor and vice versa - not very good . i found myself on Nnd floor with access to the executive lounge and breakfast , which i do not recall reserving . breakfast there was nice - but " deluxe " as the hotel claims no way ! two kinds of juice , three kinds of fruit and some danish , and that was all , nothing exceptional at all ! would i stay there again ? no , i would choos to be in the near north or in the lincoln park area , where there is more life after working hours . but if you want to stay in the loop , then palmer house is fine , although by no means luxury experience . 
good location . . . is about it ! the rooms are not soundproof . we were woken up every night of our N night stay by drunk kids in the halls at every hour . . the concierge only works until N or N pm . our shower nor our sink would drain properly . . . . we were standing in a pool of water while showering . 
staff extremely friendly and helpful from the time of check-in to check-out . rooms , though small , were very clean and serviced promptly everyday of our stay . excellent continental breakfast in lovely appointed lobby . will definitely stay there again for our next stay . 
whenever i am in chicago i typically stay at this hotel or the downtown renaissance . this marriott had a total lobby re-do a few years ago which is a tremendous improvement . the staff are always friendly and helpful . there is a starbucks in the lobby , which is great in the morning and they have a regular restaurant as well--which is pretty decent . the concierge lounge on the Nnd floor is really nice and serves a decent hot breakfast in the mornings--it is crowded , but there is alot of seating . the rooms could use some updating--this hotel gets alot of traffic thru it , so some aspects of the room start to feel alittle old . the bathrooms are small and could use some updating . the hallways are dated . i have never had a cleanliness issue here--the rooms seem to be clean and there is always a housekeeper in the hallway if i have ever needed anything . they are also friendly and helpful . the hotel itself is conveniently located to michigan ave and all the area shopping . they have wi-fi for a cost ( if you are marriott rewards platinum you don ' t pay--not sure if that applies to gold as well ) , but i have yet to see a hotel that gives it away for free . my most recent trip was on wednesday and i arrived very early at Nam--way earlier than the usual check-in time . there was a major conference in town and they had alot of people trying to check in . they took my cellphone at the front desk , i gave my luggage to the bellman and went to have breakfast . within an hour i had gotten a call that my room was ready . i don ' t anticipate changing where i stay when traveling to chicago--which i do a couple times a quarter . 
we stayed in a standard room at a special discounted rate through trip advisor . the room was extremely clean and nice design . i didn ' t utilise any of the services of the hotel , though they did provide free internet connection . the only problem we had was accidentally turning off fridge at the safety board , but a quick phone call and N minutes later the problem was fixed and we were shown how not to do it again . bed was a great sleep though not too much to look at out the window , which didn ' t bother me as i never intended to see chicago from inside a hotel . great place to stay and would happily choose this hotel again . 
our family of four drove to chicago in the family suburban . i was a little worried about parking but the holiday inn martplaza has an open air parking lot just outside the front doors and while it was a bit hard to find at first once we got oriented to where it was in relation to all other places we were going it was great . found a great rate online that included free parking ( a big deal when comparing rates ! ) . room was clean and quiet and we enjoyed our stay . ( did not eat at inhouse restaurant so i can ' t comment on that we found breakfast and dinner elsewhere ) love chicago ' s museums and aquarium and skydeck . buy a citypass ! best way to go ! 
if you want to stay in a hotel with an entrance on the magnificent mile , i would recommend this hotel . my husband and i booked our room on hotwire . com and got a wonderful rate over the Nth of july holiday . we had probably the smallest room in the hotel , but it was clean and extremely quiet . the bathroom was a nice size that easily allowed two people to get ready at one time . the room had a large flat-screen television , a desk large enough to do work , and a decent sized closet . i was impressed with the bed -- soft , but not too soft . the staff was pleasant and not too in-your-face . if you are high-maintenance and want the staff to constantly greet you and ask you if you need anything , this might not be the place for you . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago , especially if you want a location in the middle of it all . it is an easy walk to great shopping , the hancock tower , and many restaurants . 
i was pleased with the comfortable spacious room and clean bathroom . quiet , high floor , wide open view of the water and the pier . location was a huge plus short cab ride less than N minutes to my work convention needs at navy pier , also convenient to michigan avenue shopping ( without having to contend with the traffic and crowds ) , and good areas nearby for restaurants . lots of cabs coming by and i never had to wait long . lacked in-room free internet with vegas prices of N per N hours which was not nice for a business trip requiring lots of emailing and etc . in morning and evening . had to sit downstairs in the hallway near their coffee shop to get online without a charge . in-room safe was laughably small and would not fit a laptop or a large camera . 
four N-something girls traveled to chicago for a concert and stayed here because of location . things were fine until we stopped for gas on the way home . we pooled gas money and put the extra in the console . we valeted the car and enjoyed the concert . the next day , halfway home , we stopped for gas . our money was gone . we should not have left it there - we just forgot about it . it was around N . i immediately called the hotel , i spoke to the valet manager . he said he would see who was working the previous night , investigate and get back to me . of course he never did and my calls went unreturned . we ' ll not be back . the hotel itself was fine . no complaints . 
we booked the room on hotwire . this was the first time we used a third party booking service . i ' m not sure if the hotel holds lesser rooms for these services , or how it works , but it so happened that we ended up with an older room , outdated bathroom , and paper-thin walls . the staff was prompt and friendly , and the hotel was clean . the location was second to none . if considering this hotel , maybe spend the extra for a newer room . also beware , parking at the hotel is N for every N hours ! 
great location and layout , spacious and clean room , with great view ! close to many weekend hot spots ! minutes away from navy pier , riverwalk , magnificent mile , etc . . 
from the moment we arrived at the james chicago my birthday was amazing ! the service was first class . they never missed a beat . the staff ' s smiles , hello ' s and have a great day made our stay enjoyable . the room was clean and beautiful . while staying at the hotel enjoy the car service , which was excellent thanks to craig . the concierge recommended great places to dine and tour . we ' ll be back to enjoy the james again . 
everything was great . even though the conrad did not have a pool , it offered swimming for us at a hilton sister property down the street . got a great rate about two months out and really enjoyed a quality luxury stay . my son was very impressed as well . 
my husband and i stay at westins quite often . last year ( december N ) , i brought my mother and sister-in-law to enjoy the westin michigan avenue . at Nam , we were awoken by a torpedo of ice crashing through our window from the hancock building . it shattered our window and cold chicago air came streaming in our room . after waiting bundled up in coats in our cold room for the manager to never call us back , we headed to the hotel lobby where we sat around for over an hour in our pajamas , waiting for the next move - are we going to another room or are they sending us to another hotel ? apparently other guests had experienced the same thing and they went to other hotels . we , the three of us , were put up in a king bed room where it was warm . the management advised us that they were slowly replacing all the windows on this side with safety glass . we were comped this night and given another night to stay . we accepted that this is out of the hotel ' s control with ice falling off a different building . although we were taken back by the service by the management , we decided to try again this year . december Nth , N , we were placed in a very nice corner room . beautiful room . we arrived after shopping that evening and realized there was no heat . the maintenance man was great and tried all he could to get the heater back working . N out of the N worked , but this was just not enough to keep us warm . the solution from the management - give us more blankets . we were given one extra blanket for my mother . now , it ' s not like it was N degrees , but it was not warm and cozy , and for the luxury hotel they strive to be , i need to let you know our experience and why we really don ' t want to experience the westin michigan avenue again . please also take note that the maintenance men advised us that the windows were never replaced with safety glass or double pane glass and that the windows break as a " common occurrence " . until the windows are safe , i will advise against not staying here to my fellow friends and employees . this is negligence to not take all necessary precautions . what if someone was looking out the window and a piece of ice came through while a guest was standing at the window ? not safe at all . if you do need to stay at this hotel during the winter , please ask for a room opposite the hancock building . 
couldn ' t ask for a much better location if you want to stay in downtown chicago and be able to walk around . pros - fantastic location . right next to michigan ave . bridge with the wrigley building right across the river . - very affordable given the location . ( of course , we went for the Nth of july and this is a business hotel chain . ) - cheap and tasty place to have breakfast just outside the hotel . ( corner bakery cafe ) - don ' t need a car if you plan to stay in chicago . close to lots of transit . cons - my wife and i went to chicago for our honeymoon . loved the town , but this hotel is not the most romantic . - somewhat spartan accommodations
from check-in to check-out everyone we interacted with was friendly and helpful . savannah at check-in was the perfect representative for the hotel . helpful and accomodating , savannah ensured that both rooms in my reservation were on the same floor . the rooms were well appointed and we had a a nice view of the city . the flat screen television was nice and the beds were outstanding . ( i had a hard time getting my husand and son out of the beds ! ) we found that the ihome ipod docking station had its power source removed and the bellman had one brought to us within five minutes . one of the things i really enjoyed about the hotel was that there were many places to just sit and relax . we went to the lobby for a pre-dinner walkabout drink and had no problem finding an area for five guests . in the morning , there was a nice coffee kiosk ( j ' s ) with a variety of drinks and snacks . i found the prices to be very reasonable , by chicago standards . my only remark would be that the valet collection was a bit hectic , but i do have to admit , we didn ' t call N minutes ahead as the hotel had requested . i would certainly return . 
lovely hotel in the heart of chicago walking distance to all the great shopping and sightseeing that this city has to offer ( right outside the front door of the hotel ) . right next door to neiman marcus , two blocks from the john hancock tower ( loved the cheesecake factory inside ) and wonderful gino ' s restaurant outside the door . the most friendly and accommodating staff from the people at the front desk to maintenance man . would defiantly look forward to my next stay with affinia in chicago . 
this hotel was fabulous ! the staff was welcoming , kind , courteous , and extremely helpful . the room was immaculate . my entire stay was a N positive experience and as i just moved my daughter to college in chicago , this hotel will be my number one choice to stay for at least the next four years ! ! ! 
great stay with luxury and awesome views of lake michigan . you have to check out the eleven city diner a short taxi ride but awesome food . 
overall the chinatown hotel got the job done . there are no elevators i had to climb N stories with N bags and a backpack . the room internet did not work but oh well . check in time is Npm but my room was not ready until N Np . even then i had to ask nobody said that it was ready . the room air conditioner worked but it did not produce any really cool air . the attached picture is an actual shot that i took on sunday , N N N . i was there for some training downtown . location was great and lots of chinese restaurants nearby . 
we stayed in this place for N nights and really loved it . we got a good deal on hotwire for it ( N for N nights ) the location is great , in magnificent mile , walking distance to navy pier and lots of other cool places . when we arrived , the hotel lobby was crazy crowded and we had to wait in a long line to check in . but the staff were really friendly and they gave us a room on the N nd floor . it had a fantastic view to the lake . the room was really nice and well decorated . it was a bit small though . we didn ' t try any of the restaurants on site , so i cannot comment on them . but there was a starbucks in lobby level which was convenient . the only negative point of this hotel is the parking issue ( which is a natural problem in magnificent mile ) they charge N per night for the valet service . i found a close by parking with a lower rate and parked there . the whole crazy traffic and the stress of finding a parking was a bit of negative point for us in the begining . otherwise this place is great and if you are looking for a pleasant stay , go for it . 
i pre-booked a four day stay with my wife as the hotel is next to grant park on the lake front and fairly central to the magnificant mile and a range of museums etc . the hotel is of a victorian style with large , bay windows and very high ceilings giving a feeling of spaciousness . the interior is a bit tired and dated with the corridors being dark and dull . check-in was very fast ( ess than a minute ) and when i was shown to my " lake view " room on level N i found that there was no sight of the lake because the trees of grant park completely occluded the view . the hotel would not change me to a higher level even though i had paid a big premium for the lake view . wired internet was available in the room at N per day but was dissapointingly slow . to get wireless connectivity ( vailable only in the foyer ) required an additional payment of N per device - what a rip off ! the room was comfortable with a massive bed and the michigan avenue outside was not too noisy to sleep . breakfast was a disaster with a fairly good buffet available only on days when there was a high occupancy . i was required to buy pre-paid breakfast vouchers for N per day to use the buffet but on the days when this was not available i was forced to use the voucher for an " all american breakfast " which was just two eggs , toast , hash brownes and bacon . my wife being a vegetarian requested a salad bowl and toast but was told that the american breakfast was all that was available despite there being a wide choice of vegtarian alternatives on the menu for less than N . an argument ensued and the hotel maintained their stance that the prepaid breakfast vouchers eliminated all choice of other types of food . i ended up eating breakfast at a nearby restaurant and still paying for the vouchers at the hotel . overall this could have been a nice hotel reasonably priced in a good location had it not have been for the strange policy on breakfast . 
hotel blake is in a great location downtown . you are not going to find a better value for your dollar . parking at hotel is N overnight , but there is a N parking lot across the street . nice little bar as well . staff was extremely friendly and helpful . if i come to chicago , this is the only hotel i will stay . 
i was in chicago for business and my boss booked us at the best western , it wouldn ' t have been my choice for sure . the location is perfect . it ' s right near mag mile for shopping and so many other attractions so if you want to be close , this is a great place . we were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go which was great . they do have free parking which in this town , is a huge bonus . the rooms are really outdated . the bathroom was pretty gross ( squishy liner and assorted other issues ) and it is a noisy hotel overall . if you are a light sleeper , this isn ' t the place for you . i have to say , outdated room and noise aside , the staff at this hotel is top notch . they go out of their way to be helpful and are so friendly , i was totally impressed . i had problems with the lock on my door and they handled it immediately and apologized for the problem . they had tons of recommendations of places to eat drink and sights to see . the friendliness of the staff and the location outweighed the rest of the not so great things about this hotel . 
if you have a chance to stay in the hotel , it ' s a great value . it offers great amenities and is very conveniently located . some websites might not post the best pictures , but it seems as though in the recent past , the entire hotel has been remodeled-even the hallways are nice . they have two computers in the main floor guest lounge which are great for printing boarding passes , finding attractions directions , etc . it ' s comfortable and the service was prompt and curtious . you could even have exercise equipment delivered to your room if you didn ' t want to work out in their fitness center . the only negative thing i could mention about the stay was that the water pressure in the shower wasn ' t that great . but otherwise , this is a fantastic place to stay , and i will be going back . 
so my son and i were in chicago for his N th birthday weekend . i have never been to chicago and booked this hotel through priceline . got a great rate and the location was great . the staff was very friendly and helpful . like the reviews say the standard rooms are a bit small but really how much room do you need . the beds were a little bigger than a double . the only thing i would say about the room is that they need to change the carpet it was showing the wear . the only big issue that we had was that when we checked in i was told that there was a N incidental charge that needed to be paid and i would get it back when we check out . that wasn ' t a problem however i checked my bank the next morning and saw that the woman who checked me in charged me almost N not just the N . i was able to resolve it and the front desk was some help . i was a bit surprised however that the hotel didn ' t offer something for the huge inconvenience . it wasn ' t a small mistake . so when checking in be sure you are being charged the right amount . 
one of the cheaper hotels near downtown chicago , so quite an attractive tourist option . if you ' re wanting to spend most of your time around the magnificent mile , you could probably find more convenient places , although it ' s almost next to the museum campus , the symphony hall and a few theatres , so it depends what your priorities are . it ' s also just round the corner from the roosevelt cta station , so it ' s quite easy to get around by public transport . the hotel ' s a pretty typical chain-type . my room was good - very big with a desk , arm chair , bed-side table with clock radio , plenty lights , a coffee machine , a good tv and a good bathroom . the only problem with my room was the heating air conditioning . it was quite cold without heating but it ' s a fan heater and quite a noisy one , so you couldn ' t keep it on at night . another downside was the breakfast . while it was good that some form of complimentary breakfast was provided , it was a bit haphazard ! on my first day it was very nice - a decent selection of croissant , toast , egg muffins and pastries , with orange juice , tea coffee and jam . however , on the other days i was there , at least one of those was generally unavailable . croissants with no butter or jam , for instance . and out of N days , orange juice was only there on N . so don ' t go expecting a feast ! 
i found this hotel to be ideally located in downtown chicago . the rooms though a bit small as expected for a metropolitan hotel were very comfortable and functional . 
my girlfriend and i arrived at the sutton place hotel on saturday , march Nst , N for her Nth birthday celebration night on the town . the hotel is conveniently located near rush street downtown and was easy to find . upon arrival , i opted for the onsite parking ( N day ) with valet service . check-in went smooth and the room was nice although N floors lower than the one promised on the phone . the backside view was mainly of two buildings under construction but we could see the spires from the sears tower in the background which was nice . the room itself was luxurious and spacious and the bathroom was very nice . . . until you try to take a shower . the water pressure on our floor was trickling at best but i am glad i was able to take a good shower upon arriving before hitting the town . the next morning , we used the included continental breakfast voucher for room service which arrived in a timely manner . after breakfast , we were going to finish watching our movie , take showers , check out of the hotel and hit the art museum . just as we were finishing the movie , the cable went out . . every channel . we waited a while and my girlfriend just got in the shower . she mentioned that there was not enough water pressure to make the shower work so after fiddling with it , we got it to work by starting on cold , activating the shower head and then gradually working it back to warm until it hit that sweet spot of luke-warm showerhead turn-off . little did i know she was lucky to get a shower to start with . when it came to my turn , there was no hot water at all ( no water running through hot spigots in the shower or sink ) and yellow water from the cold making us gag just looking at it . the toilet then started running continuously and filling with yellow water . a call down to the front desk at least a half hour into all of this indicated that a transformer was out down the street . i asked if there was anything they could do and they stated that it was out of their control and that there was absolutely nothing that could be done . i would have at least appreciated a call with an update or a late checkout or something - nothing was offered except a quick hang-up . i am not a rude traveler and i usually let the little things slide but not having water for a shower is a pretty big deal for me in a hotel . i am pretty sure i have never had that problem in other , less luxurious hotels - i have had better service at almost any other hotel . so , if you are staying in chicago for anything important and do not want to be at the mercy of excuses and poor customer service for problems " outside of the hotel ' s control " , try out the four points by sheraton downtown . i stayed there N years ago for a week and the service was impeccable . i was kicking myself mid-morning about not revisiting the sheraton again this time . 
we stayed at the affinia because it was next to the hospital where our grand-daughter was about to be born . lovely room and accommodations were spoiled by a miserable night ' s sleep . how could this be ? the heating plant in the room cycled on about every N minutes and was about as loud as a truck when it went on . we sleep just fine but could not sleep through this intrusive noise . if you are planning to stay , plan on turning off your heater or maybe get some earplugs
i ' ve stayed at several hiltons in the past and always been pleased but that is not the case with the chicago hilton ! the room was clean but that was about it . the television is circa N , and the remote in our room didn ' t have a battery , but that was probably because the back was missing . i called and did quickly receive a new one . i tried to connect to their wireless and it worked just long enough to charge me the fee . . . twice ! i had to constantly call technical support ( i ' m a communications officer ) and get them to fix their network issues . i did receive the military rate which made the rate acceptable , but all of the hidden charges , N a night for parking , N for continental continental breakfast , i mean N pastry , N juice , N coffee . . are you serious ? ! if you want to use the gym , that will be N a day , like i work out more than once a day , internet , N . N a day , and as i said it ' s completely unreliable . . i should get paid for the time i had to spend on hold with technical support . . . luckily i had the N . N bottle of water to keep me quenched while i was on the phone . everywhere you turn there is an extra charge , i guess i should have realized what the theme of the hotel was going to be when i checked in and was scolded for being N minutes early which starting this year they will be charging N dollars if you arrive before Npm . uh ok , i ' ll sit in your lobby and be constantly hounded by your overly zealous staff for tips and just wait the N minutes . like i said . . the rooms were clean , but i ' d never stay here again and honestly they ' ve put a very bad taste in my mouth about all the hiltons . . . . bad taste . . . now that is priceless . 
my friend and i chose this hotel on a recommendation from my partner who found it on aerlingushotels . com which was giving an amazing rate at the time . the hotel is located directly off michigan avenue on the wonderfully named superior street . the lobby is huge , high ceilings , marble floors , with attentive doorman and friendly welcoming front desk staff . the lady was very pleasant and chatty and gave us a lovely introduction to the hotel and the city . our room was on the Nth floor and was very large for a basic twin room . two huge king size beds with lots of comfortable cushions and pillows . there was an extensive pillow menu to choose from also , but the ones provided were excellent . one entire wall of the room was the window , looking out right down the city block with amazing views of the city ' s sky scrapers to the south . the room was always bright and clean and with all the space , it was a joy to relax in after a long day strolling around the city . the bathroom is undeniably the best i ' ve ever had in a hotel room . including staying in suites at N star european hotels . the room is long , with plenty of space and a huge , walk in shower , that was almost the size of a normal entire bathroom in most hotels . the washbasin and mirror are a design feature alone . a massive circular mirror with it ' s own light regulation feature ensures you ' re never blinded or pasty , as one appears in most fluorescent lit hotel bathrooms . indeed , all the lights in the bathroom ( including inside the shower ) can be regulated from dimmer switches at the door . there ' s plenty of closet space , the desk is large and useful , there ' s also two ottomans that are handy for sitting on or laying your belongings on . nearby the hotel is a small corner breakfast place called pierre gourmet ' s . if anyone was staying at this hotel or in the area , i would implore them to eat here . it ' s an amazing place , sit down , table service , beautiful selection of breakfast foods , with a dearth of choice of breads . don ' t expect to find many bars nearby , my friend and i looked each night within walking distance and found none . other nice food recommendations are the ralph lauren grill which is at the corner of N e chicago ave , they do an amazing steak sandwich and have amazingly chic and interesting client le . for an evening meal we found avec ( N w . randolph ) from the wallpaper guide and would go back in a heartbeat . beautiful tapas style food , always hard to get a table , but really worth the wait outside . 
hotel was booked at last minute through expedia for visiting family . mainly chosen for closeness to their apartment and excellent deal . arrived about Npm by taxi from o ' hare airport . no offer was made from hotel staff to assist with luggage even though we are both pensioners . receptionist was not particularly welcoming . more interested in selling an upgrade to a lake view at N extra per night . we declined her offer and found that our room ( on the Nnd floor ) was huge with one of the best and cleanest bathrooms we have seen in a hotel - generous top , bath and seperate shower and lovely toiletries . in addition we could also see the lake through the surrounding buildings and grant park . the bed and pillows were the most comfortable we have ever come across in any hotel and with very quiet air conditioning set at a comfortable Nf we had the best sleep we have ever had in a hotel . charges for services in the room were high - N for a movie , N just to get an outside line for a ' free ' phone call . breakfast was good but again quite expensive at about N for N people but the staff in the restaurant were all very friendly and helpful . we visit our family N or N times a year so would probably use the hotel again for convenience but only if we got the same excellent deal . for the normal price we have stayed at far superior hotels where we have been made to feel more welcome by the staff . would only recommend to a friend or family if they could get the same good deal . 
we have stayed at many hotels throughout the years , but the service and value of this hotel are outstanding ! we were celebrating our Nth anniversary with our children . while dining at a local restaurant , we were surprised by a complementary bottle of wine sent over from the hotel manager , jennifer . now that ' s service ! the food , wine and beer were included in our visit were more than generous and allow the stay in chicago to be more affordable . the only change we would like to see is a more comfortable mattresses on the fold out couch . 
i recently met my partner in chicago for short N day getaway vacation . my partner had arrived in chicago a few days before me . this was his first visit to chicago and my first visit in about N years . we chose the hard rock due to its location and reputation . when i arrived in chicago , this hotel was conveniently located near union station ( train station ) , only about N blocks . the hotel is very close to the hancock building , millenium park with ice skating , navy pier , and not far from halstead street . my partner was ecstatic with the hotel even before i arrived . we stated in a tower king suite that was a great room . i loved the open shower , the great bed linens that were available for sale in the gift shop , toiletries , and a spectacular view . the base bar in the hotel had an very helpful and friendly staff who were actually first to greet me . the desk staff was very helpful as well especially a very nice young lady named maria aka mar . i know that we will be returning to chicago and we will definitely be staying at this wonderful hotel ! ! ! oh and take advantage of the in-room massage service if you have a chance . 
from the moment i pulled up in my rental car and the " bellman " looked at me with disdain , until the moment i checked out , my stay at the raffaello was completely disappointing . the location is great , i ' ll give it that , but the minute you enter the lobby , it becomes moot . the front desk staff were unwelcoming and not of the caliber nor polish that a hotel demands . i never got so much as smile or a sense that they were happy to have me . i was asked for my credit card and not once did either person look me in the eye . instead , i received a perfunctory explanation of the coffee bar in the lobby . there was no bellman to take my bags to my room . i did it myself . the room was spacious , but devoid of charm . the walls still sport their original plaster , albeit covered in an ugly ochre paint job . the bathroom was tiny . a glass shelf installed above the sink meant that every time i bent to wash my face i banged my forehead on the shelf . there is a small closet , so filled with bathrobes , slippers , a safe , an ironing board , an iron , etc . , that you cannot hang one item of clothing in it ! there is no room service yet each night a breakfast menu is on each bed . why ? ? ? i could go on . the only saving grace is a young blonde concierge , who ' s name i didn ' t get , who helped us both nights of our stay . he was wonderful and some other hotel should go scoop him up immediately . i will never go back to the raffaello , nor recommend it to anyone i know . the last night of my stay one of the elevators was out of service . it was a saturday night . i , and a dozen other guests , waited more than N minutes to get to our rooms . no one said a word to us or apologized . disgraceful . for N per night this hotel has a long way to go to justify the cost of the stay . it is lacking in every standard set by other hotels . 
it was a good hotel , although i did not stay there too much . the elevators were a little weird but since it was a business trip and i did not have to pay , it was good enough . 
my wife and i stayed at the talbott friday thru monday . we took the train from midway airport to state street station and walked the short distance to the talbott . the front desk employees were great and our room was ready , we arrived about N Npm . we ventured out to rush street and grabbed lunch at carmines . what a wonderful find . right across the street from the hotel is more cupcakes . certainly worth stopping by . the concierge tim was outstanding . we were looking for a local bar to watch a football game , tim mentioned pizano ' s right on state st . the best thin crust pizza ! it was only steps from the hotel and the bartender was memorable . tim also directed us to the underground bar for live late night music . it too was right around the corner . the last night we has dinner at gibson ' s steakhouse on rush street . great steak and large sides . very professional staff and service . this too was about a N minute walk from the talbott . our room was perfect and very large . we faced delaware street on the Nth floor . on the weekend a local paper was available in the lobby . on weekdays , usa today at your door . we were provided a N . N credit per person each day for breakfast . this covered what we ordered each day . the bar bistro where we had breakfast was also a evening destination for drinks . perfect stay . looking forward to our next visit . 
having booked a queen room through expedia , i was upgraded on arrival to a king bed suite , including large bathroom with separate tub shower . this was a nice , unexpected touch . there ' s no question that you can hear the l trains as they rumble along wabash , but from the seventh floor it was a periodic dull hum that , as an urban apartment dweller , did not bother me . my guess is this would be more significant on the lower floors , especially for light sleepers . the l runs until about Nam , so it won ' t be a problem for the night owls either way . the mattress was great , and the furniture in general was fine all around . the tvs ( there were two ) in the room are indeed older tubes not lcds , but who ' ll be wasting their trip watching them anyway ? the clock radio was nicer than usual , with two alarms and a cd player built-in . room overall was quite clean , a couple of notches below ' sparkling ' . this didn ' t bother me , but the guest who wants to see their reflection in the toilet bowl might take issue . for some reason the rubber latch on the shower door appeared to have been broken for some time . draping a towel over the door kept most of the water from splashing out , but why it was in this condition i can ' t imagine , as the part couldn ' t have cost more than N . i had intended to mention this on departure but forgot . staying at a hotel on the east side of the loop , one block from michigan av , you ' re ideally located in a safe area that ' s an easy walk to many sites of interest , and situated amidst many of the buildings chicago is known for . transit access couldn ' t be much better , and there are plenty of places to eat during the daytime . it ' s true that the loop district does somewhat empty out after the close of the business day , but i never felt unsafe walking around in the wee hours . late night dining options are relatively few in the immediate vicinity though . for the price i paid , i ' d stay here again in a second . 
we stayed at the silversmith for N nights . location was great for getting around chicago on public transportation , employees were always helpful , the hotel and room were clean , bed was comfortable , room suite was spacious and the price was fair . we would gladly stay again . 
ok , i went to priceline , entered where i wanted to stay and crossed my fingers . found the hotel that accepted my rate , and again , crossed my fingers . read some reviews on the hotel and was a little concerned , everyone complaining about using two elevators , and how terrible the people who worked there were . i was apprehensive from the start , ready for the worst , but when i arrived , the bellman gave simple directions ( there were N of us , to include a N y o N y o and N y o . . ) to get up to the hotel . walk in the revolving door , by the escalator and take the elevator . wow . . and people had compained about that ? ok , i figured it had to get much worse . upstairs , at check in where the " rude obnoxious " desk people were according to another review , stood these two women who were more than happy to help us , and even went the extra mile to find us adjoining rooms , on the same floor as the pool deck . ok , we went to the rooms , yes did take another elevator , but we made it with no effort ( remember N kids ! ) . got to the room and expected the huge csi crime scene another reviewer posted about , and the rooms were immaculate . i opened the curtain expecting a view commensurate with what i had paid , and poof , there was the chicago skyline . hancock building one way , and sears tower another , along with the river right below us . yes , the restaraunt is over priced , but N blocks away is a fast food restaraunt . we used room service for desert only and had no problems with the delivery or service . the pool was a little chilly , but i believe it to be because the pool deck was kept at N degrees . the water was great once you were in it . fitness room with a sauna was superb . if you want a complaint from me , it will only be that next time i use priceline , sadly i am afraid that my experience won ' t be this great . 
after having a great stay at the w lakeshore , we thought we ' d give the w city center a try . big mistake ! we booked a room with a king bed in the ' mega ' category . we received a starwood gold upgrade to an ' alternative ' suite ( room N ) which had a queen bed . when i called the welcome desk to enquire if they had any other suites with a king , i was told that they were too busy to speak with me - and they would call me back . N minutes later , i was told that all of their suites have king beds - and that their engineering dept . must have changed the bed in our room without informing them . ( which sounded a bit like a lie - the bedroom could not accommodate a king bed ) . we waited another N minutes for an ' ambassador ' to come up to our room with keys to another suite ( room N ) which had a king bed - but this ' suite ' was considerably smaller . ( what the w calls a suite at this location is really just two small connecting hotel rooms ) . it was apparent that our new room hadn ' t been used in a while - everything was covered in a layer of dust - including the mirror in the parlour room - which someone hand written ' clean me ' in the dust . we decided to make the best of it and unpacked . the ice machine on the Nth floor was broken , so i had to climb the stairs in search of a working machine . i know that w thinks their dark corridors are ' cool ' , but when i was wandering the halls looking for an ice machine , i felt unsafe - if their was a fire , how would you be able to see at all ? the next morning i was awakened to sound of guest room doors being repeatedly opened and slammed shut . after counting N loud door ' slams ' - i went out to the hall to see who was doing this - surprise ! it was housekeeping ! i asked her to to be more courteous - as some people are still sleeping - and she just stared at me - no apology . we decided that we would be happier if we moved to the w lakeshore - and called downstairs to ask if they could make the arrangements . i was again told that they were too busy to speak with me - and they would call me back . when they did call back - i was told that our rate would not be honoured at the w lakeshore , nor would we receive an upgrade there . if we wanted a suite at the w lakeshore it was N . N per night . at that point we decided that we were moving to the sofitel and checked out . our bill was wrong - double charged for internet and not billed for parking . they even tried to charge us an ' early check out fee ' which they graciously waived . would never return . 
fabulous hotel , excellent service and beautiful lobby - felt like a princess in a castle . rooms were clean but dated - that said , they are remodeling floor by floor and have the bottom N floors done ( i stayed on the Nth ) . super location but with gps not able to get a signal , construction on many roads and preparations for lala-pallooza , it took me N minutes to get there ! it was a happy splurge to stay there and friends tell me it is one of the more reasonable priced hotel in downtown . 
recently there for a N day business trip and was very satisfied with the hotel and the accommodations . the hotel is right downtown and very close to millennium park , art institute , and plenty of shopping and restaurants . i would definitely stay here again . 
i chose this hotel because of the location and i have stayed in hampton inns before . the location is great with the train right at the door . the room was clean and comfortable , the staff friendly and helpful and breakfast is included . also wireless internet worked well and the access code are provided at check-in no need contact reception again as is often the case elsewhere . and at a very reasonable price . 
we stayed one night at the homewood suites in chicago with our four children ages N , N , N , and N . nothing spectacular about the hotel . close to michigan avenue . nice free buffet in the morning , very busy . fitness center was small . pool was nice for the kids . parking valet only for N . N a day . 
i attended a conference at the hilton literally N ft away and couldn ' t be happier to pay a lot less with decent room and service . i ' d definitely stay again
we just returned from a N night stay at the peninsula . we are annual guests as we attend a law conference each november . i can only say it is truly the most wodnerful hotel we have ever visited . the executive suite is perfect to allow enough space without feeling restricted . the views are magnificent ! ! i would especially like to mention the concierge desk , namely robert and gianna . we enjoyed fabulous meals and a wonderful stay due to their assistance in dining suggestions , securing reservations etc . their attention to detail is beyond any i ' ve experienced anywhere ! ! also , liz in the spa is truly a gem and i would suggest stopping in for a faciol if you ahve the time . she is fabulous ! ! the entire staff at the peninsula from reservations to heousekeeping and check out is superb . scott at the front door . . . . thanks again for your umbrella ! ! and to all of you who personally greet us each day , filling our ice bucket , providing special amenities we requested . . . . it is all N class and top notch . i would ( and have ) recommended the peninsula to everyone ! ! if you have the opportunity , by all means go and stay as long as you can ! ! ! it is fabulous . . . . i could go on all day . . . . . . ! ! ! the lobby restaurant , the pierrot gourmet ( felt like paris ! ! ) , the bar , jazz combos in the evening , afternoon tea . . . . . well , again , go and enjoy ! ! kudos to the staff and management . a true gem ! ! ! 
i am in and out of chicago a lot and typically stay at one of the hilton family hotels . i have been to the palmer house hilton on many occasions , but it had been a few years . really the only nice thing about the hotel is the lobby . take that away and you are staying in a low-rent hotel . virtually everything about it is old and tired . the staff is less than enthused and they really reflect the hotel itself . although generally clean there is no pride of workmanship when it comes to maintaining the hotel . chicago is a city of endless hotel possibilities so why would one want to stay at the palmer house ? last time for me . 
i have stayed at the majestic hotel many times and also rented their executive suite for business meetings . the hotel staff are extremely accommodating and very friendly . the rooms are very nice and the breakfast bar in the morning is wonderful ! in addition , the location is perfect ! would highly recommend the majestic hotel when staying in chicago . 
i last stayed at the palmer house for a convention back in N , and i must confess that , although my first experience wasn ' t negative , i was floored by how great my stay was this summer . upon checking in , i was greeted by a warm and friendly lady at the front desk , and when i got to my room , i was just astounded by how large it was ! i had a room with two double beds , and the room was probably twice the size of what i expected . the beds were truly the best that i have ever slept upon , and the decor was quite visually appealing . i stayed three nights , but if i had unlimited means , i probably never would have left . 
was a great hotel service was great . would return to hotel
we stayed at the dana hotel and spa for N nights and had a great time . it ' s location is perfect for travel from the airport via the subway el , and we walked to shopping , restaurants , bars , and tourist spots from there . the rooms are very modern and stylish , with a few design issues that might make some people uncomfortable . our room had great ceiling to floor windows with sun shade panels and blackout panels behind those . because each shade is a panel , you do have some space between each one , which allowed light to come through . if you need a completely dark room to sleep , you might have an issue . we heard some noise on saturday night , and our room was right in front of the elevators , so we sometimes heard people getting on and off , but nothing was too disturbing . as far as the " famous " glass shower window , there is plenty of privacy with the curtain drawn . however , if someone uses the bathroom in the middle of the night , the light illuminates the rest of the bedroom . perhaps a blackout shade there would be more appropriate . the shower enclosure only has small a glass wall , and the bathroom floor can get a bit wet as a result . the bed was very comfy . we really enjoyed the mini-bar selections and wine selections , and all had reasonable prices . we went up to the vertigo lounge for a little bit , and while we aren ' t clubby people , it had a good vibe and was very busy . the view is awesome , and there is a nice outdoor area . we enjoyed our stay and would certainly return to this hotel . 
i stayed at the hard rock in january and march N . i was impressed by the friendly and knowledgable staff and the hotel location . on both occaions i stayed in a deluxe room , which is quite large and has everything i needed to make my stay both productive and comfortable . on my first trip i had a few problems with internet access , which their helpdesk resolved immediately . on the second trip i had a slight delay checking in ( N mins or so ) and they offered me a different room with a wonderful view of n . mighigan ave and the river . the rooms are slightly dark in the evenings , as the lighting is ambient . this is not such an issue during the day , as there is plenty of natural light from several windows . the bar downstairs is always busy and has a lively atmosphere . one of the other reviews mentioned noise and i must say that i didn ' t notice any noise during either of my visits . the furnishing in the rooms gives a great contemporary feel , and the guitars and clothes of various rock stars on each floor is a nice touch . i would recommend this hotel and will certainly stay there again when i visit . 
we enjoyed a wonderful weekend in the city staying here - perfect location to restaurants and shopping - and if it were warmer - the beach ! the room and bath were classy - enjoyed the rain shower ! everything was very clean and new . breakfast at " the nix " restaurant was excellent - vegetable omelet and orange granola pancakes that our server shared some secret recipe tricks about with us ! i can ' t wait to do this again . 
i just returned from a N-night stay here and could not have been happier . i had a great room with a view that i bought on priceline for N per night . parking was expensive , but had unlimited ins outs . i stayed on the non-smoking Nth floor really enjoyed the view . i would stay here again anytime - great location for buisness pleasure ! tw
my husband and i stayed the night here last week ( as well as the same time last year ) . we were just looking for a place to stay after a day of taking in the city . ultimately we didn t plan on being in the room for an extended period of time so it was really just a place to sleep . last time we were here , the floor we stayed on was under construction . with that said , improvements have been made to the rooms since our last stay . they did what they could with the space provided . new beds and furnishings made gave it a more contemporary feel . my husband felt the carpeting needed to be updated , but i thought it was fine . it was striped so i think he felt that it was old , but i think they were trying to stay with the color scheme . last stay we had N double beds . the room and bathroom were more spacious overall . this time we stayed in the king room , which was significantly smaller ( i felt ) . this hotel attempts to stay modern and contemporary . during this stay we found out that there is a rooftop patio which would be fun in the summer months . also , the lobby bar was hopping as we headed out for dinner . the walls are very thin . we were out pretty late , but you could hear complete conversation of people walking in the hallway at Nam and which tv program they were watching next door . would we stay here again , yes for a place to spend the night , but if you are looking for luxury this is not the hotel for you . 
very oddly designed hotel with confusing architecture , bad rooms and complete lack of character . does not deserve the name of a " hilton " . it ' s faux-lavish style did not convince me . there are no good lobby sitting rooms and the view of most rooms is not good . the most annoying thing are the mini-tvs in the elevator forcing telemarketing ads or nancy grace on you . 
the drake is a throwback to an era where hotels were a place to see and be seen . . . true glamor ! the lobby is grand and elegant , and the public areas are immaculately clean . check-in was fast , and the concierge ( ron ) was so kind to recommend a great dinner spot and obtain a reservation for us . the room was spacious enough with a queen bed , walk-in closet , desk , and flat-screen tv . the hallways were wide and bright - something rarely seen in modern hotels . the lounge is great ( albeit pricey ) - try the french martini ! 
the staff was friendly on every encounter the hotel common areas and room were clean . the room ( we had one with N double beds ) is like a studio apartment with a fully furnished kitchen ( even a dishwasher ) , a stacked washer dryer , and a large walk-in closet . the bathroom is small and nothing fancy with the toilet bathtub shower in a separate room from the sink mirror ( which are in the same area as the washer dryer and walk-in closet ) . there is a good-sized lcd tv . there are five rooms per floor , and ours was the one in the front middle . the other four rooms are corner rooms with views on two sides . our view was of the buildings across michigan ave though from right next to the window you could see the chicago river and even the top of the hancock bldg . the breakfast is typical comfort suites food ( just warmed up on-site ) , and does include the make-your-own belgian waffles . the eating area is somewhat small and was always crowded when we were there . they do provide trays ( in your room ) for bringing stuff back if you want . although it will take several minutes ( only N elevators , almost always busy ) to get back to your room , you have a microwave there to reheat stuff . the location is great , just a few blocks from and el station and the metra millenium station ( and millenium park ) , bus stops within a block , and taxis always available on michigan ave . it ' s less than a block from the michigan ave bridge over the chicago river , the southern end of the magnificent mile . the only hassle is parking . valet parking is available half a block south at the hard rock hotel entrance ( N day plus tips ) . public parking ( both do-it-yourself and leave-keys-with-attendant ) is available for N day at N wacker , a block from the hotel ( this option allows you access to your car to get things you forgot to unload ) . there is no loading zone at the comfort suites entrance , you have to go to the valet parking area to just drop people off . so be prepared to drag your luggage for at least half a block in chicago weather . this hotel is not cheap but it is much less outrageously priced than anything within several blocks , even flea-bag hotels . the " business center " is two computers and a printer in the hallway between the lobby elevator area and the fitness center breakfast area . 
we don ' t come to chicgo to stay in our room . the room was new , clean and very adequate for our needs . close to resturants , bars and the action . we walked everywhere we needed to go . coffee in the lobby in the am was nice a small bar that was less expensive than most in the area and very accomodating . i would rather have smaller and new and clean than huge with scrapped walls and spotted sheets and blankets . we would go back . 
i stayed here for a night since it was by the office . for that reason , it was a good location for me . you have miller ' s pub and italian village nearby for restaurants . i like that is was near public transportation . it cost me about N from ord to this hotel at night and on the way to the airport , i took the subway about a block or two away to the airport for N during rush hour . the room was decent clean . gym was simple with a treadmill and elliptical - i can see it being crowded in the mornings . there is a free continental breakfast . 
this was a good hotel . rooms were clean and service was great . the staff was friendly and helpful . it was also very close to the magnificent mile and bus lines which was great ! ! 
this is an excellent hotel in a great area of toddlin ' town . good service , elegant and clean and overlooking the chicago river in downtown . so now that i have praised this westin , i ' m allowed to quibble . the theme of the hotel is " calm . . . refresh . . . sooth . . . relax in health " etc . i think this theme is a little self-serving . for example , the good-looking woman on the tv tells you to take a deep breath . . . so i figure maybe they pipe in some oxygen to the lobby and rooms . . . but no . . . . she is just telling you that after extensive " research " they have decided that it is healthy if the hotel is non-smoking . . . like . . . duh . . . a non-smoking hotel these days . . . what a concept . ok . . . so then to " soothe " you the lights are very dim in the lobby . is that in keeping with the " soothe and calm and relax " theme or is it just to save electricity ? whatever , the shiny black tile floors are identical with the shiny tile black stairs leading down into the recessed lounge bar area . so , bathed in this eerie , dim light , you need to be really careful descending into the lounge area , even long before you ' ve had your first drink . of course , there are plenty of staff greeters and concierges hanging in the lobby to be at your attention . though perhaps they are there to just dust you off after you ' ve plunged unceremoniasly into the bar area . the hotel is expensive and so is the braekfast buffet which costs N . there are a lot of fruity dishes at the buffet and healthy cereals ( again , i guess , in keeping with the " healthy , soothing theme " ) , but for that price the only eggs are scrambled and whether they are hot depends on how well the servers replenish those eggs . ( one morning they did and one morning they didn ' t ) . anyway , the sausages and bacon are great and the coffee is terrific . as i said , this area of the loop in chicago is a great place to be with restaurants , bars and shops filled with really nice mid-western people . so , depsite my quibbles , you have fine service , elegance and location . it is hard to beat that ! 
i booked the room from . hotels ( -- ) . . after looking at a virtual tour . but when we got to the room , it was much smaller than the one in the tour ! i went back to the desk and asked for the room that i saw at hotels . com . they were very nice and gave me the larger room for no additional charge ! it was a very nice , but older , room . the bed was a pillow-top and i did sleep better than i ever have in a hotel . . . or maybe that was because of seeing rob thomas just hours before ! 
really enjoyed my stay here . . clean , comfortable , quiet . . . friendly staff . . . you ' re not paying for an overdone lobby . . . lots of restaurants nearby . . . internet access is free and good bandwidth . . . really nothing to compain about . also was very pleased that they let me check in at N noon . 
the suite was clean roomy . the beds were sooooo comfortable . the breakfast in the morning was fabulous-we had made to order omelets with all the trimmings . found all the service staff to be both friendly accomadating . . amy at the front desk was very patient helpful when answering all my questions . 
the hotel monaco offered a great experience ! check in was easy , the front desk attendant was very friendly ( and perceptive- i mentioned it was my Nth birthday and she had a surprise bottle of champagne sent up to the room ! ) , the rooms were clean , and the location in chicago was perfect ! the concierge , though a little unapproachable ( not enough sincere eye contact or guest recognition ) , was very informative and offered perfect suggestions for our stay ! the room service was lightning fast , and the staff members were always friendly and smiling . the bellman in front , hailing cabs , was always so nice and helpful , despite being busy ! if i had any complaints , it would be that the sink in the bathroom didn ' t drain very quickly and the fitness center was smaller than my closet at home ! the room ' s ac claimed that it was N degrees , but it most certainly never dropped below N . . . though we hardly watched tv , the channels are very limited and the menu when you turn the tv on is a pain . there was also one rainy morning that we wished we had a dvd player for . . . still , all of these are small things in the whole spectrum of things ! great hotel and i ' d stay there again ! 
we stayed in june N . upon entering we were welcomed by doormen , then it took only a few minutes for the front desk to hook us up with our room keys . we were exposed to alot of good humor from people around the lobby with brewer fans and cub fans bantering back and forth . felt like a family reunion . our room faced illinois st . but the windows are dual paned so even with some sirens from the firehouse on the corner it wasn ' t that bad . we were not awaken by sirens at all . the beds are really comfortable ! breakfast on the Nrd floor gets really crowded by N-Nam ( since your stay includes a free breakfast ) so i recommend you get there early enough to make your waffles . the little kitchen and the breakfast staff provide hot food like eggs and sausages , or whatever pick of the day . the food is plentiful and even when it was crowded we weren ' t deprived of anything . bonus is , as soon as you walk to the entrance of the breakfast room , you hit the coffee bar Nst ! at least they had me in mind when they positioned that spot . love it . the only thing we were frustrated with are the elevators , ( slow- not enough running ) but they were working on them so you just have to be patient and understand that with any mechanical trouble , it ' s not frickin personal . get over the little irritations or annoyances and enjoy chicago . the staff work hard to make it enjoyable for you . i think the h i s do their best considering their not the " trump tower " priced hotel , but they treated me like i was trump so . . . i ' d stay there again for their price . got a good deal from hilton honors aaa combo anyway . 
fiancee and i stayed here recently ( jun N ) to check out apartments in south loop area and for a bit of romantic r-and-r . ( didn ' t quite do it for us for latter purpose ) . booked through hotwire ( maybe that was the mistake ) , which rated this at N . N stars ( wish i had a bs detector ) . upon arrival , discovered only one parking option exists . . . valet , which runs N per day . ok , fine . then , at check-in , lady told us room we were getting was great with spectacular views . . . lie . come to find out , room was musty smelling , worn-looking ( and i don ' t mean the decor ) and very dark . serious need for a remodeling redecorating , at least for our room . as for the " spectacular view " , one small window in the corner with a partial view of chicago river and michigan ave what a joke . then discovered hot water fixture in sink was broken . called to report it all they could offer was that they ' d send someone to take a look at it . . . no offer for room change , voucher , nada , not even a thank you for having reported it . noise from hallway other room doors opening closing was very apparent and annoying . felt a bit like we were in a cruise ship , as the nickel-and-dime approach to a few of the amenities seems to be the other modus operandi at this hotel ( following the trend of the big-chain hotel industry it would seem ) N . N day for wireless , for example . even though we booked through hotwire ( somewhat of a deal , relatively speaking ) , based on what we observed and experienced , this hotel does not deserve to be rated higher than N . N ( N maybe , but that ' s stretching it ) even at the price we paid ( just under N ) . other than that , service was just " okay " , nothing special . hotels in this tier really need to take that extra step make you want to return or at least attempt to provide a memorable stay . in this regard , the intercontinental just falls flat and is way out of its league . . . it simply offers nothing that to make it , or your stay , stand out . take this together with the above-mentioned demerits , and i would have to recommend that you seriously consider staying elsewhere . prospective travelers ( and hotels , for that matter ) can ( and do ) much better than this , especially in this area and price range . i ' m somewhat disappointed with hotwire as well . . . i ' ve had good luck with them in the past , but they have never been quite this far off-the-mark in terms of rating and overall value . 
we stayed here for a wedding and it was one of the best places i ' ve stayed . we had a standard room and it was perfect for two people . the bed and pillows were so unbelievably soft i never wanted to get up in the morning . the bathroom was a generous size as well . the staff was great and always helpful , and the location was great for wandering around and close enough to the trains that you didn ' t have to walk miles and miles . would definitely stay here again
we were in chicago october N-N . . . the room was very clean , house keeping was very nice and attentive . . . we were needy . . . wanted a fridge , needed more pillows . . . etc . . . they were right on it . had cocktails in the bar and restaurant . . . great service ! had breakfast sunday morning and the hostess was great . . the service was a bit slow . . . we ordered off of the menu instead of having the buffet and it was very good . thank you congress for helping to make our vacation worry free and fun ! ! ! ) oh and the view of buckingham fountain and the lake was fantastic---was able to watch the sunrise from our room . 
i stayed her for the first time this week . my friend got a great rate through hotwire she had stayed here before . the lobby is very nice great views because you are on the river . they have interactive ( think ipad ) game tables that our daughters loved . it is a rather large hotel so to get to some things you need to walk down some pretty long hallways -- mostly to get to the pool sundeck . but when you get there , the view is pretty , the pool temp was great plenty of towels -- no complaints . the rooms are pretty standard smaller than other hotels in the area we have stayed at . had to climb over the chair by the window to close the shades adjust room temp . bathroom , unfortunately , smelled like an ashtray -- no evidence of smoking , but the smell was coming from somewhere . the location is pretty good -- about a N min . walk to navy pier little longer to get to michigan ave shopping . if you drive , valet parking is N for overnight . like another reviewer said , for the right price we might stay here again . 
we always in different hotels downtown every christmas eve . it is our family tradition since we don ' t travel this time of the year and everyone we know are out of town . we ' ve stayed in different N-N star hotels . upon seeing the location and our room , our N year old was ecstatic and didn ' t want to leave the hotel . that ' s the first time . we loved the location , the free parking was a great plus especially downtown , the suite was awesome and huge for the price we paid for and the staff were great and accommodating . will stay there again in the future . 
i was there for N nights and the memories are very fresh . when you walk in this hotel , especially after N hours in plane , like i did , you don ' t want to spend time on anything but the hot shower and clean sheets . but walking into hilton chicago is something different . first impression was that it will be a disaster , considering that the last hilton i was in was almost brand new one in orlando . . . but , i was sooo much off . every step you take , there is a peace of history , and you can almost taste it . i was expecting to see fred astare and ginger rogers to start dancing when i heard piano in the grand ballroom . for a building built in N , this was quite a surprise . you can , of course see sings of usage where ever you look , but everything was functional . it takes a moment to figure out the elevators setup too d . they were doing some inside modeling and reconstruction , but for N days i spent there , i have not heard a single hammer drop . service is perfect like in every hilton , with very kind and helpful staff . i would say that , if you like hotel with history and taste of wisdom in satisfying his customers , it is worth the money . bed is something that you will definitely want to take home with you , and you can for only N usd . hotel is clean , even on the first look appears dirty , it is due to the age . it will not shine to poke your eyes out , but it is clean . you will see small damages all around , like chipped of part from the toilet , etc . location is on the middle of the south michigan avenue , so it is N minutes walk towards mccormick place , as well as from the bridge and the water tower , where the " magnificent mile " starts . lots of restaurants around and some shopping sites as well . in the hotel they have a nice irish pub , all in all , it could use some renovations , but i loved my stay there . . . 
the only thing good about this hotel is that i got a good night ' s sleep ( which of course is the most important thing ) . the hotel didn ' t seem very clean . the room only amplified that perception . the pool was over-congested ( imagine a hotel with capicity for N people and a pool that could fit a max of N in it ! ) . so here were the positives N . great night ' s sleep and comfortable bed N . bell man was helpful when leaving hotel ( it ' s usually the other way around ) . negatives N . less-than-clean room ( hairs all over the place , marks , etc ) N . concierge was very rude and didn ' t know anything about the city - i eventually decided to make my way on my own and got lost for about N minutes N . operators never answered the phone . N . light bulbs were not working . N . they gave me the wrong room type from what i had reserved then said they couldn ' t put me in another room ! N . the sheraton " promise " was not kept . you might ask why didn ' t i change rooms . i tried , but they said they had no more . this hotel has N rooms it wouldn ' t be hard to find another . 
i too had problems with double billing at best western hawthorne . i tried to resolve with the hotel and got nowhere , the asst manager and manager were no help at all . spoke to best western corporate and they even tried to resolve with the manager and got nowhere . best western corporate themselves refunded me the money and apologized profusely for the bad service . problem is the hotel is independly owned . i will not stay again and advise other people the same . if you have a problem you are basically on your own . too bad , because it is very convenient place for me to stay . some staff members have a very " i don ' t care " attitude . beware . 
being from a small town in tennessee , i was very unsure of what to expect from the large city hotel . i was very surprised by the down home feel my wife and i received from the staff at the hotel from check-in to check-out . we were met by the doorman who graciously took care of our car and helped us check into our room . the young man at the desk did a great job of advising us on which tours to take and a great italian restaurant in the west loop neighborhood . since we don ' t travel to large cities often we really appreciated the friendly atmosphere of the staff . . . . . . . . . they always made us feel welcome and answered our questions easily and friendly . i would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a pleasant experience free from the hustle and bustle of big city life , well located and within walking distance of everything . thanks to all for a wonderful weekend . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . we plan on returning . 
the w hotels try hard with new trends that i am sure the N to N year old traveler finds interesting . the last time i stayed at the chicago mid city w , tbe lobby and check in was by candlelight and the hallways were so dimly lit i had a hard time seeing which end of the key card went in the reader . this was not a power outage ! the lakeshore w was a little more appealing but it is geared to the younger travelor . call me an old fogie , but i don ' t like loud music in the elevator or the lobby . the room was quiet however , comfortable and shower was excellent . room service was swift and actually tasted good . but where i give this hotel high marks is getting a line of N to N people waiting for a cab during a downpour and a city completely sold out to convention goers some transportation . the guys just hustled . they tried to match people up in cabs and brought out the hotel vans for some of the guests . i groaned when i saw the line , but had a pretty short wait given what was going on in the city . 
stayed at the hotel palomar for N night in january N for business . the hotel has everything you need , can provide almost anything you forgot , and is a great deal , especially on a corporate rate . the N mini-bar credit was also a nice touch ( with membership in kimpton in-touch ) . i ' ll definitely be back here when i return to chicago . 
good location ( close to baby p er and michigan ave ) , excelent staff . got a great price because of a medical meeting ( us N ) . wonderfull view from the room . an excellent bed , like other sheratons . 
booked this hotel on hotwire for only N night , which really was a steal . the hotel is in a very good location and the rooms were quite nice , but front desk service was really lacking . i was there for a four night stay , and for three of those days my keycard wouldn ' t give me access to my room , forcing the desk to call security each time to let me into their room . things break , that i understand , but still not fixed three days later ? unacceptable . to top it off , not once did the front desk even offer an apology for the problem , and this was dealing with multiple front desk staff due to the many times i needed to be let into my room . they just stated very matter of factly that their card system wasn ' t working properly and security would have to let me into the room . i don ' t expect them to bend over backwards apologizing , but a simple " we ' re sorry for the inconvenience " would have been nice . would i stay there again ? yes , because the price was right and it was a good location , but i just wouldn ' t be expecting much from the front desk . 
me and my partner stayed here and it was meant to be a nice romantic evening for us . a surprise had been pre-arranged for when we entered the room but there was nothng when we got there . when we called down to concierge we did not get an apology ! just an excuse as to why it hadnt been done ! ( even though there was something preordered from room service and this was in the room when we arrived no problem ) this was extremely frustrating and unacceptible from this kind of establishment . but we werent going to let it ruin the night and we enjoyed a nice dinner cruise around lake michigan watching the fireworks . 
we spent a friday night at the palomar and had a wonderful time . the rooms are spacious , trendy , and designed to provide every comfort . the work-out room has a variety of equipment , all of which operate properly , and an indoor pool with a nifty rooftop terrace outside it which is definitely more welcoming in the summer . the sable restaurant is headed by the creative chef , heather terhune , whose work will make you happy you decided to try the hotel ' s restaurant , and the attached bar wins awards . did i mention there is a wine reception from N to N ? give it a try if you need a weekend getaway , even in your own backyard . 
i have walked by this property many times on stays in chicago . i must state first off that i got such an awesome deal by pre-booking this hotel - N a night ! yes that is just N a night for a great hotel one block off michigan ave - right behind the john hancock building . the seneca is an older property with full service professional valet and bellhops . i like this feature . the gentleman who checked us in on thursday evening lacked personality but not everyone is a chatter box at Npm in the evening . the bellman brought up our bags in a separate elevator as the guest elevators are the wonderful ( in my opinion ) small type you get in older buildings . our keys were not working in our door - he promptly opened the door with his passkey - unloaded our bags - and went to get us new keys that worked . he was back in a flash and was friendly and courteous the entire time . the rooms was clean and nice as one would expect in an old hotel - very european feel . our room had two queen beds , two really great closets - one with nice shelves . a cute little kitchen hidden behind its own door off the main room . it had an apartment size stove and fridge , along with mini microwave , coffee maker and the kitchen tools you would expect . the bathroom again is the size you would expect in an older hotel but ample and clean . the shower had great water pressure and plenty of hot water . nice vent and heat in the ceiling made the bathroom cozy and you got ready . and i like that the window opened to the outside and let in fresh air in the morning . this was true of the windows in the main room as well which we got to open as the wether was mild . the beds are comfortable and the pillows to my liking - softer . the beds could be a bit more comfortable ( and i mean a bit softer for my taste ) . but we still slept well - really no complaints . this hotel is not for those who like the newest , most modern in their hotels . it is a very nice , clean property with european charm . the rooms are ample , love the kitchenette , and in an excellent location . the staff was wonderful and the on-site dining is wonderful . we had drinks " next " door and the downstairs lounge is a must see . the brushetta , wine and chocolate dessert were tops . i will stay again even without the incredible deal - but the hotel offers discounts on a regular basis for those booking early so keep an eye on the net . 
we stayed at the senaca for three nights with our N year old son . the location is fantastic , looking out onto john hancock , within easy walking distance of fox and obel , one block away from magnificent mile with its shops , resturants and numerous buses to take you wherever you want to go ( unlimited cta travel card is a must ! ) . the hotel was fine , clean , room spacious , bathroom small - not luxurious - but who goes to chicago to stay in a hotel ! the staff were very helpful and check in was very smooth even though we arrived early . i would reccomend this place to people who are more interested in the city and just needing a place to sleep in comfort , than those that like lots of facilites without going out - we had a great time ! 
i stayed at hotel felix with friends this past weekend and had a great time . first and foremost the staff was incredible . the front desk staff was especially helpfull and knowledgeable about the city . always welcomed us back with a smile and the rooms were impecable . i can ' t wait for my next trip to chicago to stay at hotel felix . as for the reviewer ' s that say the rooms are small . well the are cozy however very well designed . also besides sleeping there is nothing else you are going to do . you are in chicago and the purpose of the trip is to enjoy the city not stay in your room . 
great hotel , very clean , good service , best location , i can ' t say much more except your internet access is N day plus if you have a car , parking is N per day . wow ! why is it courtyard gives free internet but embassy suites does not ? 
stayed there last week for a business meeting . the staff from the start was horrible . i was told because they were so busy that i would have to wait for a room . i asked for the manager and while waiting for her two others in my party were given room keys . the manager said she was sorry and all of a sudden a room was available . not sure what the problems is there . the room was small and old . the lobby , meeting , and ballrooms were incredible . the construction was minor . if i were wanting to relive the roaring N ' s or searching for al capone ' s loot this is the place . otherwise there are a lot of great hotels in chicago . this is not one of them . 
booked through a third party reseller for a song for N nights and actually through the hotel for one night to arrive earlier than originally planned . the worst was going through the reseller honestly , because what they had booked would not have accommodated our party , though i had specifically made notations on the booking form for them . thankfully we decided to leave a day earlier which gave me cause to call the hotel a couple of days before to see about the extra night . the reservation agent was a doll , squeezing us into the right sized room and correcting the booking made by the third party . she blocked our room so they could not be reassigned out and gave me detailed instructions on what to ask the front desk for at check in ( we needed a rollaway ) . it was easy to find , cheery and helpful valets and bellman and check in was a breeze . had seen a bunch of concerns around elevators - this wasn ' t anything to complain about . in fact , we noticed that on the second day , our room actually shared a wall with one of the elevator shafts . we didn ' t hear a peep . we loved the allerton and wouldn ' t hesitate to return for our next chicago stay . 
i live in chicago and am looking for a hotel in the city for my relatives . i wouldn ' t even consider this hotel because i know it ' s within two or three blocks of the methadone clinic and a halfway house . i might be ok for driving and even walking around for certain people but others might feel very uncomfotable in this area . 
i stayed here for a conference . the hotel was big and overall , nothing special . the rooms were biggish for a hotel in a city and the room was clean . 
we spent one night at the trump tower in chicago and we had a great time . it was a little pretentious at times ( a selection of waters sitting on the counter in the room , ranging from N to N for a bottle , for example ) , but every member of the staff was prompt and professional and obviously well trained . our pets were welcomed , the baby got a special stuffed animal , and room service looked after us . traffic was a nightmare getting to downtown chicago but that was to be expected . i would have liked to have some little treat included in the room for N a night ( like for example a free candy jar that goes for N in the room service menu ) , but overall we had a great time . 
we spent four nights in august N at the hotel allegro . we chose the hotel because of its central location in the theatre district of chicago ( very close to two el stations , and a N-N minute walk from the excellent millennium park ) and for its low prices - c . N per night incl . tax . our room was quite small ( larger ones were available , but we checked in late ) but perfectly pleasant , with fun touches such as bright pink walls and a cd player . it was also pleasantly quiet , despite being located opposite the elevators and the ice machine room . the hotel offers free wireless internet in all areas , including all guestrooms , and has a complimentary wine hour from N-N pm in the spacious lobby , which features velvet couches , candles and an open fire . the hotel also has a lively bar and a good italian restaurant . all the staff we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful . all in all , we were very happy with our stay at the allegro , and would recommend it to anyone . 
we stayed in the james in preparation for our wedding , as did most of our family . the hotel is a perfect location just off michigan , and was swanky enough to suit all tastes ! ! we were there for a while and the staff were always superb . i can ' t recommend high enough for anyone looking for a city break ! ! ( and trader joes opposite is always good for a healthy or not so healthy snack ! ) the j-bar attached tho was not so good - you might hear that its a celebrity haunt . we found it to be a pokey little room , with expensive drinks and rude clientele . avoid . 
we are frequent marriott travellers and find that renaissance hotels are usually a step above marriott . this hotel was a little disappointing compared to other rennaisance hotels , as about the same as a marriott . still very nice , but doesn ' t compare to visits at other hotels . we liked the location as it was close to everything but still far enough away so that the area was less congested . the hotel bar wasn ' t very happening so if you are looking to have some cocktails , walk across the river and go the crimson lounge which is right next to the house of blues . overall , the experience at this hotel was pleasant , but will opt for the marriott on michigan avenue for our next chicago trip . 
my mother in law , sisters in law , and i take a shopping trip to chicago every december . we ' ve stayed at the park hyatt for the last five years , after trying the drake and the omni . impeccable service , wonderfully appointed rooms , attentive staff . we let them know one year that we preferred certain rooms , and they remember that and book those rooms for us now without our asking . we have used their car service and concierge several times , and both have been helpful and friendly . i wouldn ' t stay anywhere else in chicago . 
my partner and i recently stayed at the city suites for a long weekend getaway . we got a great rate on their website , N a night for a king suite . the hotel is conveniently located next to the red line stop at belmont . we called ahead and requested a room on the quiet side of the hotel and of course when we checked in the only available room was on the side next to the train tracks . the room was comfortable and clean but we defiantly heard the train all night long . the suite consistent of two rooms , the living room had a couch , mini refrigerator and a desk . the king bed and pillows were comfy . there was an all night party going on in one or two of the rooms on our floor which also spilled out into the hallway which went on until about N am . so between the train and the party we didn ' t get much sleep the first night . the staff at the front desk agreed to move us to another room on the quiet side for the rest of our stay . the new room was very quiet however there was a problem with heat , it wouldn ' t turn off so it felt like we were in a sauna . our trip was in the middle of december and we had to run the air-condition on high to keep the temperature comfortable . seems like a big waste of energy . the hotel offers free wireless in the rooms and also free breakfast . this was a big plus and the breakfast was really good and consisted of juice , milk , coffee , hot tea and hot chocolate , cereal , fruit cups , yogurt , doughnuts , danishes , muffins , hard boiled eggs and jimmy dean breakfast sandwiches . the hotel is a great locations for those visiting the bars and clubs in boystown . lots of great restaurants are right outside the door . the staff was very friendly and helpful . we would defiantly stay here again if the price was right . 
triple a rate with upgrade to view room was less than N which also included breakfast vouchers . had a great view of river , lake , wrigley bldg . tribune bldg . most major restaurants , shopping , sightseeing attractions within walking distance . large room with a very comfortable bed . 
stayed here for three days two nights while on a business trip . requested and got a corner room with impressive views in several directions from the Nth floor . the room was very well appointed and spacious . the elevators featured some of the quickest response times and fastest floor transiting i have seen anywhere . the customer-consciousness of the help from the street level bell staff to the front desk to even the custodial and maid staff i met in the halls or elevators was over-the-top friendly and impressive . cabs were always available summoned quickly by the attentive staff which was a good thing since parking your own car here will cost you N . N nightly , and access to the l-trains ( N . N miles ) is a bit of a hike in colder weather . the embassy ' s nightly manager ' s reception is a nice touch and the accompanying snacks are adequate , while perhaps a bit " ordinary " . the well-staffed , cook to order breakfast was excellent . the major complaint i had was that the mattress on the king bed was just atrocious . the bedding was good quality but i have slept on sleeper sofas with more comfortable mattresses . i brought item this to the attention of the front desk and they did little more than thank me for the point-out and promised to look into it . that was a bit disappointing . replace the mattress and i will gladly return here . 
stayed at this hotel for one night . overall the hotel is ok . the rooms and public areas are clean . my biggest complaint was everything felt cramped . the rooms are small , which at first i didn ' t think was a big deal since we were hardly in the room anyway . . . . but then i kept hitting my knee on the bed frame and ouch ! also , the bed was " queen " size , but it must have been some sort of mini-queen because i ' m N ' N " and my feet were hanging off the edge . other than everything feeling small , everything else was fine . location is good plenty of dining options nearby . paid N for overnight parking at the garage across the street . ( which is cheap by chicago standards ) i got the room on hotwire for N so over all , we were satisfied with our stay . we spent our Nnd night at the hotel sax which we enjoyed a ton more . 
we stayed at the james hotel for neocon and really loved it . the room decor was great , hotel room was clean , and nice turn down service . the hotel offers a business area with computers . great bar and lounge area . they are two blocks off michigan ave . plan on staying there again next year . 
the chicago four seasons is one my favorite hotels- the service is impeccable from the moment you check in . the rooms are beautiful and perfectly appointed for total relaxation . it is a pleasure to come back to your room and relax after a work day it ' s almost better then home ( almost ! ) the best part is turn down service when yo leave for dinner , housekeeping tidies up , refreshed your towels , lays out your robe , turns on light jazz music , and turns down your bed . i wish everyday could end like that ! room service food is delicious , and the hotel bar has the best collection of scotches i ' ve ever seen . 
this hotel was right on with what you would expect from a trump hotel . i will note that the decor is a bit " grey " , but other than that , the room was comfortable and spacious . the staff was nice , and you could tell they were trying to provide that N star service , but it just seemed like they were a little hesitant . a good example is the extremely shy housekeepers . i would definately reccomend anyone stay here however . 
recently revisited the drake and and forgotten how much i love this hotel . the location is perfect . close to shopping and the lake . the rooms have the historic charm that ' s lost on so many new properties today . . . and they ' ve been maintained beautifully and are so charming . 
i stayed here for N night so i could explore chicago while passing through illinois . for N i got a queen size bed , a kitchen ( with full size refrigerator , microwave , and a small oven ) , and a bathroom containing a tub with jets ( jets were dirty ) . the room , and overall hotel , were a little on the older side , however , i didn ' t stay in my room much because of all the attractions nearby . next door to the hotel is the john hancock observatory and across the street is the drury theater . walk N feet from the hotel and you can hop on one of chicago ' s famous double decker buses for a tour of downtown . some of the rooms at the seneca , like the one i stayed in , is meant for extended stays that is why i got a good rate on it . 
i stay here frequently on business . it ' s convenient to both michigan avenue and the loop . i like more traditional furnishings than what this property offers , but the rooms are comfortable and tasteful . very convenient bus service so you don ' t have to rely on cabs and an easy walk to the l train . great fitness facility . just need to join the fairmont president ' s club to get free wi-fi and access to the spa fitness center . always a good choice when you can get a decent rate , but when rates are more than N a night , i would like at other options . 
there are some really nice staff at this hotel . but , there is a serious lack of attention to detail in he management of this hotel . . . so if anyone is reading this who audits operations - it ' s time for a check up because this gem could be so much more . . . it ' s just not managed up to its potential . . . 
do not believe the other reviews . this was a great hotel and the staff was amazing and friendly . they were so nice and hospitable that we stayed an extra night ! ! the room was huge and very well kept . the bar restaurant had an amazing variety of well prepared food ! ! again , do not believe the bad reviews . go there and see for yourself . you will not regret it ! ! ! 
stay at the renaissance frequently , had wedding party stay there when we got married . rooms are nice and comfy . suites are big and beautiful . some of the nicest views of the city . staff is always very helpful and friendly . only negative may length of time waiting for valet . 
in N years of traveling around the world , this is the worst place ever . do not stay here . terrible disrepair -- stained carpet , cracked tile , N years overdue for paint , broken lamp , leaking shower faucets , broken bathroom shelf . N-yr-old tv . linens are not changed daily . had to sit sideways on toilet due to cramped bathroom . no iron or ironing board available . indifferent desk clerk . phones did not work . hallway reeks from tobacco smoke . room preposterously small . need i say more ? cancel your trip to chicago if this is only place that has rooms available . 
well , i admit i was a little nervous about staying here after reading some reviews on this site . i have to tell you , honestly , this is not the hilton . i travel to chicago N-N times a year for work and i ' ve had the luxury of trying out many of chicago ' s finest . first off , i checked in around Npm . the doorman pretty much tripped over himself to open the door for me . as he was opening it , the bellman was right there welcoming me to the knickerbocker and to take my luggage . he swept me over to the check-in desk and stayed neaby until i was finished . the woman at the check-in desk was so helpful and cheerful . it wouldn ' t surprise me if she owns the hotel the way she was so willing to help and make my stay as enjoyable as possible . after a quick check-in and being taken to my room , the bellman went in first and turned on every light , showed me the mini-bar , tv , and made sure nothing was missing or what i didn ' t want . i stayed in room N , smoking , king with a tub . i did request a tub at checkin and was told the hotel is looking to do away with all tubs in the next remodel . the front desk said if i find there isn ' t a tub in my room to call and they will put me in a room that had one . decor of the room is a little dated , but comfortable . i personally like the canopy over the bed , but not the old mirror - maybe if it was newer or clear . keep in mind this hotel was not built last year , but it ' s still charming . no problems with the bed . i have a really bad back , and most of the time i ' m waking up in pain when staying in hotels , but not here . i have bad allergies to mold , but i ' m not having problems here . i always bring a candle when i travel , i smoke , and the room did have a musty smoke odor . i can see a bit of the lake through the drake . didn ' t hear anyone next door , you will hear doors slamming from other guests , but again , you have that in most hotels . bottom line , this may not be the most up to date hotel , but the service i got more than makes up for it . the people here really make this hotel what it is . some of the reviews make it seem like this is a hotel you ' d find in a third world country - it ' s not that bad . could use some updating to the decor , but other than that , i don ' t remember ever getting such amazing service from the staff at any other hotel . there ' s a big difference between the staff doing their job for a paycheck , and those who really enjoy what they do and care about the guests . 
please allow me to say that my issues were resolved with top speed and with professionalism . the person i credit with articulating the issues and having them resolved so quickly is ms . jackie ( the operator ) . i explained to her that i had problems with my heat in the room and that it was very cold . she was able to get me assistance almost before i got off the line . i needed a refrigerator for my food and she was able to get me one to the room by the time i came back from walgreens . the engineer was bryan . i didn ' t believe he was the engineer because he looked so young , but he took care of my issue within few minutes and i was able to get to bed at a reasonable time in warmth . one final person i will applaud for excellent service is alice , front desk . she was the first person i encountered and my check-in was done with care and flawless . when i got to my room and unpacked , i realized that i did not bring my laptop power cord . i went to the desk and she told me that she would look in to helping me and get back with me . i asked for information on a couple of clothing stores , because i did not pack a white shirt for my interview and she was exceptional in both names of discount stores and their exact location . the resounding theme of these three associates is their uncanny level of professionalism and can-do attitude . i travel over N of the year and this was my first stay at your hotel but i can guarantee that it will not be the last . as a member of the travel community ( travel agent ) , i look for lodging partners where i can send my clients where they will be both comfortable and experience service at its best . i pray and hope that these comments are shared with the named associates and their direct supervisors . it is rare to encounter people who treat you like one of the family . thanks for taking time to review my comments . 
this hotel was amazing ! every staff person we encountered was fantastic . the front desk was quick with check-in and also went the extra mile to help us find a personalized birthday cake . the doormen were great and very fun , even giving us all umbrellas for our trip back to the airport . the location was excellent and i would highly recommend this hotel . our room was immaculate ( along with the rest of the hotel ) and the beds were incredibly comfortable . the only downside i can even think of is the rooms are a bit small but even with four adults , we managed just fine . i ' ll definitely be returning ! ! ! thanks hotel felix for a great weekend ! 
my family and i went to chicago for my Nth birthday celebration . not a fan of chicago , i had been " challenged " to change that opinion . the hotel played a great role in helping achieve that . i had a great time ! the hotel was centrally located downtown , along the chicago river and less than a N-minute walk to millennium park , home of the " bean . " the hotel is clean . the staff is super friendly , from the doorman and valet to the front desk staff . we had a connecting suite on the top floor . it was awesome ! the view of chicago from the suite was amazing . the facilities were great . the restaurant area was clean . the food was delicious . i recommend this property for any stay in chicago . and my view of chicago was changed - can ' t wait to go back ! 
hubby and i stayed here this past weekend ( aug N-aug N ) the service from the staff was very , very attentive . i think , after valeting our car , we had N people greet us and or open doors for us . it was stunning ! check in was ok , but i had booked this hotel N months ago and had called once before my stay to make sure they had my sofitel privlege card in the system . i was assured they did . upon check-in , i found out , they did not . we did end up getting our ' free drink ' coupon but not until the very end of our stay ( when we could no longer use it . ) also , no newspaper outside of our door at all . one of the big pluses i like about staying at any hotel is the free newspapers to read . i can ' t believe we were paying over N per night and didn ' t even get a lousy newspaper . the room was nice , but certainly nowhere close to being one of the nicest i ' ve stayed in . not even equipped with flat screen televisions . hubby commented on that right away . so odd . the sitting room was all ' art deco ' and was not very ' welcoming ' really . would have been perfect if we had been hosting people for drinks or something , which we were not , but the area was not very comfortable to just ' hang out in . ' the tv was placed so far away from the couch that faced it , that the whole scheme of the ' sitting room ' didn ' t make much sense . the location of the hotel is good . it ' s a couple of blocks from the ' top ' of the magnificent mile of shopping , but not far from everything if you are up to a walk and are in good health . definitely go next door to the tempo grill for breakfast . it ' s fast and very good ! the highlight of the sofitel is the excellent concierge . one of them ( named jackie ) actually got us an extra last minute ticket to a sold-out second city show ( we had tickets but needed one for a friend . ) all of our interactions with the concierge at this hotel were top notch . all in all , it ' s a nice hotel . it ' s well decorated and very attentive staff . however , the little things like not having a view of the lake ( from most rooms , ) not having a daily newspaper delivery , and not being right on the mag . mile , are detractors when you are paying what we were paying . i don ' t feel like i wasted my but i do feel that i could have gotten more for less ( if that makes sense . ) 
cannot expect a better location to be in when visiting chicago . the rooms are ok . nothing to rave about - but good enough . easily accessible to the cta and the buses . can just walk all over the place ( even to the navy pier ) 
the palmer house is a beautiful hotel . the lobby is amazing . we had a N bed N bathroom room and it was spacious , clean and quiet . the hotel is in a great location . . . close to dining , shopping and city transportation . the staff was friendly and helpful . 
we were able to get a rate of N a night through the hotel website which for chicago seemed to be a good deal for a N night weekend stay . we found the newly renovated suites very nice - with a flat screen in the living area and a nice bar . the location was great - convenient to everything . the only complaint that we had was the slowness of the service at breakfast - we were given a voucher for continental breakfast - which they applied to a full breakfast . the cost of valet parking was typical chicago - N a day . 
dont take a chance . dont stay here ! rude service people , rude managers , and tiny rooms . 
stayed here on an extended business trip to chicago . wasn ' t sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised . rooms was comfortable , spacious and warm . will recommend to others . 
the conrad in chicago is an excellent hotel . the location is excellent , the rooms are fantastic and they go out of their way to make you feel comfortable . there is even a complimentary pillow menu where you can choose a pillow which suits your requirements . overall a pleasant stay , i will definately be coming back when i am next in chicago . 
convenient location , good price , helpful staff , great pizza , near sears tower , N block from clinton station chicago transit authority station . 
after much research and a few fears we stayed at the burnham for a weekend getway to catch the cubs and the cowboys and bears ! my fear was i had read that the construction was going on and that it might be loud and a problem . how wrong i was on that count as my gamble paid off and we got as a great reward and an increadible experience . it is a kimpton property so it should come as no surprise that the customer service was top notch and that the hotel and rooms were unique to say the least . we stayed on the N floor and had two rooms a corner queen and a king room . the queen was smaller than what i expected but having stayed in new york it was not a prison cell either . the queen rooms are smaller but the one we had was a longer than wide and made use of that space in ways that the cookie cutter chains just cannot do . the bed and canopy was great and the bathroom was roomy enough for us but not huge either . the king room my folks stayed in was considerably larger but no less unique . it was not a corner room so it was more square than retangle queen room but if space is a concern the price for the king is not that much more . they only had the king and queen available so that is what we took but my finace and i loved the queen room though smaller but we spent so much time on the go that it was a cozy spot to curl up after a long night on the town . if size is a concern go king but i am a big guy and we had several bags and liked the queen room and it ' s corner location . we had a delay to retrieve our bags at o ' hare following the cubs game and had only about N minutes to check in and change and get to soldier field for the sunday night bears cowboys game following our treck back to the airport . they zipped us in and got our bags upstairs in no time and had a cab waiting for us upon our return downstairs for the game . we made it just in time for kickoff and a cowboys win ! i cannot say enough about the staff and all their help and recomendations . even at night when the street work was going on they let the cabs around the barracade to the front door . it is a very short walk to the red line and another block to the blue , perfect for seeing the town . the building takes you back in time and i almost felt like i was in a black in white movie with the old window type doors and the iron works on the walls . i really do not have the words to describe just how unique the building and hotel is but maybe this is the best way to put it . the burnham is a true " old school " gem with the touches of N . if you have a chance give it a try it will be well worth it . increadible stay ! 
we have just returned from a weekend trip to chicago where we stayed at the residence inn marriott . this hotel was newly updated with everything you needed for a great cost . we saw a show at the house of blue which was a walk-able distance from our hotel . there were ample amount of restaurants , bars , shops , etc from the hotel as well . this hotel is in the heart of the city and very close to the river . the famous harry carey ' s restaurant bar is directly across the street , which we went to twice ! there is an einstein brother ' s bagel ' s next door as well , which was convenient for snacks coffee . all the rooms were suite style with a modern kitchen , sofa and chair , flat screen tv , bed and bath . the kitchen was not fully equipped , but had everything that was needed for a week glasses , plates , bowls , wine glasses , pitchers , can opener , tupperware , etc . the continental breakfast was open early and was great ! ! they had multiple varieties of warm drinks ( which were good while being in chicago in nov ! ) such as coffee , tea , hot chocolate , etc . there was a waffle machine ( popular for the kids ! ) , muffins , bagels , cereal , eggs , bacon , etc . this was one of the top free continental breakfasts we ' ve had . the staff was friendly and helpful . they helped us with directions , getting taxi ' s , restaurant bar suggestions , etc . one of the best things they did for us is be honest on what was a walk-able distance for us from the hotel versus needing a taxi . for the value , this was a great hotel . we plan on coming back to chicago and staying here a second time . i would recommend this to anyone with kids and dogs ( they have a pet program ) ! ! 
we had a four-nigth stay there and everything was in line with our expectations . we reserved a deluxe suite , very well designed , furnished , clean and with a valuable view , though to be honest not the best that one can enjoy in chicago . staff is extremely polite and ready to give us help for any need . prices are absolutely fair . 
the hotel was located in a very fun area with lots of shops and restaurants walking distance away . it was a beautiful old building with all the old charm , but lots of updates to make it pleasant and comfortable as well . great linens and a truly stunning tiled bathroom with a huge shower . all the details were perfect , with a beautiful lobby , nice clean hallways with beautiful artwork and a very pleasant , quiet room . i definitely recommend it . 
this hotel is a chicago landmark i guess . it has an amazing lobby , kind of reminds me of the waldorf in new york , but smaller . the staff is friendly . i am here for business , and as the hotel is located right in the loop - it is really well located . i imagine that if you are here for tourism it ' s also well located because it is near millenium park and things . but the rooms are old and strange . in the room i had , the tv was N meters away from the bed . there was a big empty space in the middle of the room . the bathroom was very cramped with no space to put my things . the furniture was worn . 
we stayed at the city suites on saturday , april Nth for one night . we booked a standard queen room ( not a suite ) since we were not planning on spending much time in the room . the room was a bit larger than most boutique hotels in a city . the bathroom had a bit more room as well . we had no problem with noise as mentioned in other posts . the room was very quite . the best asset of this hotel is the location . we came in for a concert and wanted to bar hop on halsted after the show . this hotel is perfect as halsted is only a block away . there are also plenty of shops and good restaurants nearby . there is a train station right next door which makes getting around the city easy . overall the hotel is a good value . 
a busy hotel with a very convenient location , and good front office services . the rooms are quite dated and in need of refurbishment , although the beds are consistent with marriott ' s high standards . 
i tried to submit this through the crowne plaza website , but it was not functioning . we had a great stay at your hotel . my family had a holiday outing in chicago and we reserved N rooms for the night . i just wanted to compliment the lady that helped us check in . her name is jenna jung . she was extremely polite , patient and helpful and went out of her way to get us the room types and locations we needed . she made all of us feel like valued guests . please express our thanks to jenna . dennis schulkins
wow ! ! it was my first stay at the trump chicago and i have to say i am hard pressed to think of any place i have ever stayed that compares to this . the service is very , very friendly , prompt and courteous . the suite was enormous and extremely cosy . it felt more like a luxury condo than a hotel suite . i felt enveloped in luxurious fabric and warmth from the fireplace . beautiful views of the river and city as well . the restaurant is pretty nice , not the very best , but definitely worth a try . the spa is excellent - i got the best facial of my life , the kate sommerville signature facial . expensive but worth it ! you certainly get your money ' s worth at the trump . i don ' t visit chicago often but i look forward to staying there again in the future . 
just stayed at the new radisson blu . it had opened N weeks earlier . it is a beautiful hotel . the lobby , bar , sleeping rooms are well appointed and modern . the bathroom was one of the nicest that i have seen with a rain shower head and glass door . the location is good , a block away from michigan avenue and the river . it is right behind the hyatt hotel on columbus avenue . everything was top notched and we got a great rate , since they were trying to get people to stay there . they have a nice work out facility with good weight room and cardio area . they have a great indoor lap pool and jacuzzi . there is a co-ed steam room and sauna . here were the issues with the hotel . the check in was slow . there was only N attendant checking in guests . the wait wasnt long , but it was N minutes before we were helped . the rooms were very nice , but i opened a glass drawer and it was covered in construction dust , as was a desk drawer . if you go use the pool , you have to bring your own towels . the fitness center is for the apartment dwellers that are above the hotel . this is not mentioned in the hotel information . also they say that self parking is N , that is only if you don ' t move your car . you can not take it in and out or you will be charged more than N . again they didnt mention it in the hotel information . my first night cost me N , which is outrageous . apparently , the parking is controlled by the apartment complex , so they have no say at the radisson on this . at least that is what i was told . we also had bad service at the lobby bar , but i wont go into that , the women was probably having a bad night , because the bar was empty . warning the hotel is right next door to the chicago fire deparment and the sirens go all night and day . the sound proofing in the hotel is pretty good , but not enough to cover a loud siren . i think this will be a great hotel to stay at one day , if they grow up and learn how to run the hotel as one would expect for a hotel of this caliber . i would try it again , if the price is right
stopped off with my daughter for N hours on the way to st louis ! hotel was ok , room clean , good size and beds comfy . . . . . although it did seem very quiet ! we did make the mistake however of eating in kitty oshea s and for this to be part of the hotel you would have expected the food to have been of reasonable quality . however it was shocking . . . almost inedible . . . . the grilled chicken on the caesar salad was stone cold , almost frozen stank of whatever else it had been in a fridge with ! the irish home-made beer batter fish and chips were almost laughable - it was simply frozen fish shapes that you buy in most supermarkets . . . . disgusting ! dont eat in here ! ! ! overall the stay was fine although the hotel steeped in history and old world elegance lacked any atmosphere or buzz and for me personally i would not stay at this hotel again ! 
the double tree was a nice okay , nothing special . the best part was the location , N-N minute walk to the john hancock tower and navy pier . it was also close to bus and train transit stops . the hotel was attractive on the inside . there could be more seats in the lobby , where there is free wifi . in the rooms you can pay N Nhr for internet . our room was on floor N of N , nothing spectacular . it was kind of small , but pretty clean . we paid N on average for the N nights we were there which isn ' t bad for chicago . parking on site is N Nhr , park across the street if you don ' t plan on moving your car during the trip , it is N Nhr . we did not know that the mini bar worked on sensor so every time we opened it to look at the stuff in there we were charged , fortunately the front desk understand and removed all charges from out bill . besides a great location the concierges were extremely helpful in getting us on the right direction to get where we wanted to go . not sure if i would recommend this hotel , probably the location but not the specific hotel . i think there is an embassy suites a block to the east and they at least have free breakfast . 
i ' ve stayed at the hotel felix three times , when the price is right . i prefer the dana , which is around the corner , on a number of levels . nicer rooms , better views , better service . for this visit the service at the felix reached a new low . i called the day before to let them know that i would be arriving late , and was transferred N times from reservations ( not at the hotel ) to the front desk , back to reservations , and back to the hotel . finally the desk clerk said he would make a handwritten note ! not reassuring . when i finally got into the room , it was not ready for prime time . there were no hangers , nor glasses , nor any stopper in the sink . the bedside lamp was bolted to the wall at N off plumb . the pillows were old and lumpy . after multiple calls , we did get a sink drain , hangers , and two dirty glasses that we had to wash to use ! never got better pillows . the rest of the room was fine , although the window looked out directly into another building under construction , so close we could have touched it . we also ate breakfast in the cafe . they were out of several dishes . the coffee was delicious , and so was some of the food , but the rest was cold . i guess they do not give hotels . com guests their best rooms or their best service . i won ' t be coming back . 
the overall purpose of our trip was to attend my younger daughter ' s competition . since my older daughter was planning on meeting us , we decided to make it a mini vacation and take advantage of some of the sites the city has to offer . the best western river north is located within a few blocks of the blue and orange cta lines , making it very accessible from either of the airports . every morning , we were able to easily walk for breakfast . the free trolley for the navy pier is just a short walk away from the hotel . one day we walked a few blocks to the magnificent mile , and even made time to enjoy a deep dish pizza in the hotel ' s pizzeria ora . since we knew that we would spend very little time in our room , i wanted to spend as little as possible on a clean , adequate room . this best western met all of our needs and then some . the staff was helpful and friendly , we took advantage of the discounted ticket for some of the area ' s attractions that are available at the front desk . one afternoon we briefly visited the roof top pool , and were the only people at the pool . i must admit , the view is a little lame thought . 
me and my fiance stayed in chicago for N days and N nights ( N N N-N N N ) for his birthday weekend . after careful and several hotel considerations , we finally chose one homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown . we were greeted by valet parking and a friendly " welcome to chicago " as we were directed to the lobby . the receptionist was more than friendly and sarcastic while giving maps and directions of where to eat and sight see . we reserved a king suite-smoking that looked just like the pictures online , just a bit better ! living room , kitchen , a seperate bedroom accompanied by vanity section , bathroom , not to mention the room itself was very spacious ! if you jump into the bed i ' m sure you ' ll fall asleep that the bed is so comfortable and huge ! the views of the city was beautiful . we had a minor problem with connecting my fiance ' s xbox and someone was up to fix it in no more than N minutes . . . talk about fast service ! the two neighboring rooms next to us let the doors slam behind them throughout the time we stayed there which got a bit annoying , but didn ' t complain because i was so relaxed and comfortable in my suite ! we arose for complimentary breakfast at N Nam . to my surprise , a full dining area and seperate breakfast buffet that will make your mouth drop , ( eggs with cheese , sausage patties , bagels , variety of breads , doughnuts , cereal , etc . ) because anything you could name for breakfast was right in front of you ! overall , homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown is a big bang for your buck ! N advance purchse for a very spacious one king suite-smoking , complimentary internet access , premium channels , and complimentary breakfast , to name a few , is very cheap ! i am taking another trip to chicago within a month and i will not have to search for a hotel , i ' ve found my temporary home at this hotel . thank you homewood suites ! 
what a place ! the spa was aromatic , tranquil , and relaxing , and aja had a warm ambiance that went well with the orange lanterns and delicious sushi . the appetizer of flavored ice chips on the dry ice was very cool , and the rainbow roll was tasty . vertigo was hip enough that it motivated me to check out the fire pit and ice bar outside even though i m a wimp when it comes to the cold weather , and the hooded robes were a nice touch . plus , we devoured the oreo cookie dessert there to top things off . our corner room on one of the upper floors had a rustic , but modern feel with a superman-like view of norther chi-town , and the staff was responsive and professional . . . a class act ! 
stayed at this hotel for N days and totally enjoyed the experience . the staff were always very friendly and courteous from the moment we arrived . the rooms were of a good size and spotless with power shower , tv and coffee making facilities . the hotel is in an excellent location ( just around the corner from the magnificent mile ) with many shops , restaurants and bars located nearby . the only slightly down side was the small breakfast room ( for the size of hotel ) which could get a little crowded during the high season . however i would definitely have no hesitation staying at this hotel again . 
we stay at kimpton hotels whenever we can . the decor is always cool and the staff friendly . my daughter and i were in chicago looking at northwestern university and brought our boston terrier , sullivan , along . the hotel was very pet friendly and he was given a goody bag that had poop bags , treats and a map of the local dog parks . the room was very small but quiet and comfortable . great downtown loop location a block for the el . tons of dining options if you walk to michigan ave . highly recommended ! 
we stayed here for one night with our two kids , as they hotel could not accommodate both nights of our stay during a recent road trip . like just about everything else in chicago , the prices were steep . we were expecting more for the price we paid , but found only typical accommodations . we liked the location , the friendly and helpful bellhops , the views from our room and the top floor ballroom , and in and out privileges for the parking . we missed not having a mini fridge , and felt that having only one chair in a deluxe room with two queen beds was a miss even though there was plenty of room for more comfortable seating . the valet staff was slow to bring our car at checkout . there were no others waiting , and no new arrivals , yet it took them N minutes to get our car to us . 
the talbott hotel in chicago is my very favorite hotel in the city . the hotel is a small european style hotel with beautiful rooms and an excellent staff . the only thing that wasn ' t up to pare is the restaurant , and the quality has declined a lot since the last time i stayed at the talbott . the fruit on the fruit plate was overripe , the yogurt was sour , the coffee was just lukewarm and the breakfast assortment of breads was stale . the service in the restaurant was also poor . the restaurant has a beautiful outside dining area and would be wonderful if the food and service was better . after eating breakfast there we decided to find someplace else for dinner . hopefully they will improve on this but if not , i ' ll still stay at the talbott but find someplace else to eat . 
i definetely would not rate this as a N star hotel , more like N . the staff was wonderful , but the room was small and musty smelling . the beds were comfortable and room was clean , but not what i was expecting . i also would have liked to have been closer to michigan ave . would not stay here again ! 
the hotel really has two things going for it , the size of its suites and its location . the location was great right off michigan ave and next to a ginos pizza . you can really walk from anywhere you need to go and walgreens is right around the corner . the jr suite on a high floor had a nice view and was very large . the room had really nice amenities and everything was what would be expected for a N star hotel . i paid around N a night for a jr suite which was a good deal . the bathrooms are very small for a N sq foot suite , i mean they are arm length width and depth . the service was extremely hit or miss . when i first checked in the bellhop was so nice , maybe he was too nice because the check in woman seemed cold and detached . the bellhops really are N employees , should probably fire a few counter supervisors and replace them with a bellhop . also , the housekeeping was super friendly , just good friendly and nice people . the requests i made on myaffinia were met and was a really really nice touch . the staff even brought me shaving cream and razors which was really appreciated . the c-view lounge was awesome and the staff and feeling of the place was really fun . the front counter staff seemed to me to be overworked and friendly about N of the time , the rest of the time there was no smile or hello . it could be they were short staffed or something and the marathon swamped them . i went to the counter the day before i checked out and said " i am checking out tomorrow . . . . " the girl finished my sentence for me with " no late check outs we can hold your bag " well that is awesome but i was wondering about getting a taxi to the airport . this experience cemented the front counter experience as well below average . i would recommend the hotel only if you got a sub N price or a N range for the junior suite . don ' t get me wrong its a real nice hotel , however with as many hotels as chicago has its just a price game . 
first let me start by saying that i read the other reviews and i agree that the staff wasn ' t the best . i was there for a baby shower on a saturday afternoon and when it was over , we started to load the cars with the gifts . the only people who weren ' t doing anything were the couple expecting and the kids that were at the shower . everyone else had left except for the people who were helping with the gifts . it only took a few minutes to get everything in the cars and to get the rest of our things so we could go and as we are putting on our coats , a guy ( restaurant manager maybe ) comes in and starts yell " you need to leave now ! " the shower actually ended before the time it was suppose to , so we were still under our contracted time when we were cleaning up . i should have known then to cancel my room for that night . i had went out to eat later that evening and when we came back , the front desk area was chaotic . there was a guy at the end of the counter talking to a lady and man behind the counter about the music on his iphone and how she can put music on hers . there was another lady behind the counter on the phone helping the guy in front of me and then the girl i had talked to earlier came from the back . now my experience at other hotels has been , when a customer comes up to the counter you greet them and either say how can i help you or i will be with you shortly . we got neither . the first thing that was said to us , after N minutes , was is that y all ? y all been smoking ? . i was truly offended . i don t know what made her even say those things . i m a customer and that is how i get greeted . unacceptable ! i ever so nicely , without getting too loud , said excuse me ? i don t do those things and don t think that is what you should be saying to a customer . mind you , nowhere in the area was there a weed smell . i guess she wanted some weed really bad . maybe the hotel should start drug testing their employees . we finally get check into our room and it looks like a nice room but not the one i ordered . i requested a king size bed and was clearly stated on my confirmation email . i received a double queen room . i called the front desk and said i wanted the king room and she rudely said they were sold out . now most other reviews said the area wasn ' t nice or safe and there wasn t many places to eat nearby . i don ' t really agree . i think like any other major city , you shouldn ' t walk alone at night in unfamiliar places and you should be aware of your surroundings . i do agree however , that all entrances except the front door should be locked after Npm . when i came back in at midnight , the door on the side was not locked . as far as places nearby to eat , yes there aren t many places within walking distance but you are only a few minutes from downtown . hop a cab , and go eat or order something . i m not sure i will stay here again if they have the same rude , don t want to work staff . 
my N year old daughter and i stayed four days at the fitzpatrick in august . we arrived at the hotel on friday at noon , and were taken straight to our room , despite the posted N N check-in . the staff was very friendly and answered all of our questions about transportation , activities and shopping . the hotel location is perfect ! you are right off the magnificent mile , across the street and around the corner from american girl place , and right next door to the hotel is a fantastic pizza place . we could even see the fireworks show at the navy pier from our hotel window . we felt safe the entire time and didn ' t return to our hotel until after dark a couple of nights . no problems at all . our room was beautiful and spacious . there are robes and slippers for your personal use during your stay . the bedroom and living room are divided by a " bookshelf " wall ( no door ) , with t . v . s on both sides . we were on the Nth floor ( the Nth floor is the pool and meeting rooms ) , therefore our room had an elevated ceiling , which made it feel even more spacious . i would highly reccommend this hotel . 
my daughter and i spent aug . N -N at whitehall . i called them several days before our check-in and requested a room with a nice view . we got on the Nth floor looking out at another building which was fine . we didn ' t stay in the room much anyhow inorder to sightsee . the hotel location is great ! you can go right down the block to catch the free trolleys or doubledecker buses . most things are within walking distance . hancock observatory is right down the street with great meals at the cheesecake factory patio . we also grabbed a quick burger at johnny rockets on the other corner from whitehall . an excellent italian restaurant called papa milanos was a couple of blocks away . the reception girls were pleasant and friendly at whitehall , as were the doormen , and valets . the room was nice with a double bed , new carpet , and plenty of lights lamps . the furniture was quaint and in excellent condition , as was the bed - great sleeping . mirrors were plentiful - full length on the double sliding closet doors , huge mirror over the desk , and in the bathroom . drapes were in fine condition , windows were clean . the air conditioner worked great . there were N phones - one on the desk , one on the nightstand , and one in the bathroom . the bathroom was large , and very clean , with lovely tile flooring , large vanity , and hairdryer . ( the room also had an iron and ironing board . ) the concierges were excellent - ronald and tim . they didn ' t rush us and had all the needed maps and info . to get ice , we had to call down to room service . they brought it up within N min . the adjoining lounge had a relaxing atmosphere with a piano player and singer . we didn ' t check out the fitness room - no time . we would stay there again . we had a very pleasant experience with whitehall hotel . 
well restored and very comfortable . close to the museums , and within walking distance to michigan ave . nice sized rooms and very comfortable accomidations . in room dining is exceptional . 
stayed for N nights for our anniversary . the desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary , he gave us an upgrade . . . imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only N other rooms ! corner tower suite with a view of the river and michigan ave . beautiful ! cabs available right outside the lobby . . . never paid more than N for a cab ride . if you go in dec . you must go to the chriskindl festival for strudel ! 
i stayed here for the pack expo trade show from oct . N-nov . N and had a very comfortable and enjoyable experience . the " heavenly bed " was excellent with soft linens and comfy pillows and the room was clean and stylish . the lake views were excellent . the location was perfect for me--the hotel is right on michigan ave , right next to the john hancock center . we were right in the heart of the magnificent mile and therefore close to shopping and restaurants . the staff was courteous and friendly , although i didn ' t have much interaction with them . the restaurant was ok ( ate there for breakfast ) but the service was somewhat slow , which was surprising given that it wasn ' t full . overall , it was a good stay and i wouldn ' t hesitate to stay at another westin ( or this one ) again . i just wish i ' d had more non-working time to enjoy my time on michigan ave a little more ! 
i travel frequently on business ( both domestically and internationally ) and was looking forward to our five-night stay here . good points the hotel is in a prime location , just two blocks from the mag mile . you ' re in walking distance ( within N-N blocks ) of several excellent restaurants . the rooms are very clean . and the continental breakfast on each floor is nice ( not elaborate--just sweet rolls , some fruit , coffee and juice ) and certainly convenient . mediocre points for the price and all the glowing reviews i read , i fear it ' s not quite up to snuff . the service wasn ' t exactly what i ' d call " european " or " upscale " as some other travelers have noted . it ' s more like a very nice holiday inn . the staff is friendly ( except for the doorman , who was always excellent ) , but they don ' t really go out of their way to make you feel welcome or particularly pampered . all in all , it ' s " fine " but not N-per-night worth of fine . bad points we had room N , which backed up to an alley filled with dumpsters . ok , you ' re not looking out there , but you will hear the garbage trucks emptying every one of the N dumpsters at Nam . not exactly restful . on the first night , we thought , " well , what bad luck but now that ' s over . " the garbage trucks returned the next night for another two-hour crash bang boom fest . we asked to be moved the next day , which the hotel did . we also asked for an adjustment to the bill ( they took off N for each of two nights ) , which they did less readily . if you want a great location , this is it . if you ' re looking for the european ambiance they tout or N-star accommodations worthy of the N-star price tag , look elsewhere . there are plenty of other hotels in chi-town . 
hotel sax is a treasure . . . in the right place , at the right time . relaxed but close to everything . great spot on the river . staff ever so helpful and friendly from the desk to the consierge to the doormen . wine cellar and restaurant nice touch . will be back many times and recommend to everyone . 
great hotel , great location with amazing city and make views . staff is very professional ! very big rooms . one of the best hotels ever been to ! ! ! 
we booked our stay in march through travelzoo like so many other reviewers . because of the great deal , we were a little wary about the state of the hotel during construction . that wariness turned out to be completely unnecessary ! the entrance to the hotel is a mess - there is scaffolding , uneven sidewalks , mud , wet paint in the lobby , etc . , but this really didn ' t make any difference to my husband or me . the only annoying thing about the construction was that we were forced to use two separate sets of slooow elevators every time we went to our room . otherwise , the price and the newly remodeled rooms were definitely worth the cost of walking through a little construction in the entrance . the rooms are all updated with a very clean and stylish feel to them . we stayed in the studio suite , which was very spacious and very comfortable . the flat panel tv that swivels around from bedroom to living room definitely kept my husband entertained for a while . the view from our room - on the Nth floor i think - was a great view right down a street that runs parallel to mich ave . the fact that the restaurant and bar aren ' t open made no difference to us whatsoever . there are tons of restaurants extremely close nearby , and if you want room service , they provide all the rooms with a menu from a delivery service for area restaurants . also , the lobby was always stocked with complimentary bottles of water and snacks . the location cannot be beat - it is about a block away from michigan ave , and about N N a block to neiman-marcus and sak ' s . it ' s literally right in the middle of everything . also , every single employee of the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful . we are not the typical guests because we were in town visiting several friends , and often visit chicago , so we didn ' t need as many recommendations about getting to navy pier , etc . , but if you do need that information , they are very knowledgeable and willing to offer tips . we loved our stay so much that i convinced my sister to book the hotel a few weeks later , and she also was extremely satisfied . once the new restaurant and rooftop bar are opened , this hotel is going to be one of the best deals in chicago . 
this is an older hotel , but we thought it was great . the staff was always cordial and greeted us each time we returned . we had a nonsmoking room with N double beds ( room N ) , and we had N full bathrooms - unheard of in any hotel i ' ve stayed in . the bathrooms were small , but having two is a luxury when traveling with a teen . we did not have a car , this hotel was a short walk from the diversey station el , from midway . the continental breakfast was great ( eggs , bagels , muffins , donuts , yogurt , fruit , hot and cold cereal , sausage and bacon ) . they had a nice lobby and a secure door that always required a key to access the hallway leading to the rooms . we chose this hotel because our daughter lives within N blocks . it is in a wonderful area surrounded by restaurants , shops and residential areas . i was pleasantly surprised and i would definitely stay there again . 
i liked where the hotel is situated-right in the heart of chicago . one thing i really appreciated was the fact that there is parking available that is easily accessible from the hotel . although expensive ( N day ) , for me , it was worth it . the hotel looks magnificent ! the staff was friendly and professional . besides the bedroom being very spacious and clean , there was nothing special there . the bed was comfortable and they do need to upgrade their tvs . the bathroom was small and i think they could have done a better job by adding a soaking tub . i hated the fact that they charge for internet access . ( N hr if you ' re in your room i think it ' s less if you ' re in the lobby ) but i guess it ' s because of the clientele they get which i noticed was more of businessmen . so if you are like me , traveling across country and just need to check on some stuff for few minutes , there ' s a starbucks right down the street with free wi-fi . 
i stay at the hotel blake regularly for business , and it never disappoints . clean , stylish , large rooms , nice bar , and attentive staff . my only complaint is the inconvenient ice machine location . 
we ' re not city drivers or city dwellers . the location of this hotel is perfect ! free parking is definitely the greatest thing . the staff are helpful and very nice . this is the only place we stay when we go to chicago , . 
we stayed here , as it was where the chicago unifieds were held . i booked our room online i wanted the Nrd floor ( executive floor ) and requested early check in and the room upgrade option ( for a nominal fee ) . we arrived at the hotel a couple several hours before check in , exhausted and not looking forward to getting ready for her auditions in the lobby bathrooms , as we figured it was too early to get our room , but the receptionist said our room was actually ready then and we were welcome to check in , what a blessing that was ! we also received the room upgrade . i think it was an extra N bucks , we got a big suite with two niced sized bathrooms , closets , etc . it was a lovely room . i would highly recommend staying on the executive floor , if your budget allows . they have huge sitting areas , and unlimited snacks beverages all day , plus breakfast . i think it was well worth the extra if you are there for a convention and will be spending lots of time at the hotel . the bed was heavenly , as other posters stated . the best night i ' ve ever slept in a hotel . i didn ' t hear any noise from rooms nextdoor or barely any noise from the street , besides an occassional ambulance , but not loud . also , this hotel was top notch for a large conference like the chicago unifieds . plenty of conference spaces , bathroom and water availability excellent host hotel for unifieds . also , we were able to pay an extra N ( an option on the check out bill delivered under your door the morning of checkout ) for a late N pm checkout , which again , was well worth it . check was simple just phone your departure time to the front desk . we were also able to store our bags for free ( just gave them a nice tip ) as we didn ' t need to leave to catch our plane for several hours after we had to check out . this made it easy to do some shopping w o hauling our luggage all around michigan ave . the only downside was internet ( wireless and room connection ) was extra , even on the executive floor . because the rooms are a little on the pricey side , i could see this being a negative for the hotel , but that ' s the only thing we would have changed . i would highly recommend this hotel if you have some extra and want to feel pampered . luxurious rooms , accomodating staff , great location we loved it ! 
top quality property with superb service and luxurious room . spa was excellent , as was the breakfast in the lobby restaurant complete with a string quartet . we had a child with us that was also catered to with special treats in the room on arrival . concierge also very helpful with directions and suggestions . 
good hotel if- and only if- you are going to a convention in mccormick place . the hotel is located a long distance from any other attractions , except solider field . it is on the northern edge of one of the worst south chicago neighborhoods . don ' t walk any where . drive or taxi , even if only a short distance . the hotel itself is clean and modern . the staff was adequate . our room faced the lake and had a nice view of navy pier , which would have been good in the summer when they have the fireworks . despite the hotels features , we will never stay here again because it is simply too far south of the restaurants and activities we want and the surrounding neighborhood is a disaster . the self-park garage was attached to the hotel and safe ( N for N hours ) . the hotel offers breakfast , but most of the dishes are N which is pricey for eggs and toast , even in chicago . 
i stayed there the weekend of november Nnd and i loved it ! i was my second time staying there and the staff remembered me . the entire crew in the bar is awesome and the place is magnificent ! i highly recommend that you check this place out ! it is very hip ! 
i stayed here once before a few years ago , and it was fine , but this stay was not very pleasant . i was attending a conference and didn ' t have much time to lodge complaints , but my hotel room was unbearably hot ( as in i set the temperature down to N degrees , but it still felt like it was at least in the high Ns ) and my tv didn ' t work . also , while the front desk staff during the day and early evening hours was perfectly helpful , the late night staff was surly and confusing at best . 
i stayed at the intercontinental hotel for a leisure weekend with my husband and niece and it could not have been a better experience . from stan who greeted us and took charge of our bags , to the front desk check-in to sam who delivered our bags and was a wealth of information on the hotel and surrounding area . our room was clean , nicely appointed and a decent size . the staff everywhere was wonderful . we ate at michael jordans restaurant and at the continental and at both the food was good and waitstaff courteous and attentive . the hotel is right across from nordstroms and within a few blocks of other great stores . this was meant to be a special weekend for our niece ' s Nth birthday and the intercontinental certainly played it ' s part . 
i just arrived a few hours ago , and i must agree that the staff is friendly but unbending to give a gold member an upgrade . i agree with the smallest suite review ! ! ! i was directed to three other rooms before i found one where i could finally open the drawer in the bedroom without hitting the bed , but there was no bathtub , only a shower . i was also told i would get a view of the fireworks , however on check-in it appears that no one bedroom suites had that view --- or any river view . i bought a pizza to heat only to return and discover there was no oven even though a full kitchen is advertised . there is only a two burner top , a full size refrig and a dishwasher---i would rather have a mini-fridge or no dishwasher and an oven . a lot of people do not " nuke " food . the evening light meal was more than adequate , but staff ran out of pasta and salad and brownies at N N , did not make more due to time , but did offer more bread and beverages . this has never happened anywhere i stayed before---especially with the receptionist indicating i could wait until N N to make a plate for my daughter---i went to trader joes ' s and bought some pasta to go with the sauce . yes , it is complimentary , but very much expected . . . there were several other disgruntled families and businessmen . i do not like the split lobby , but obviously the owners are trying to economize in every way they can and have rented out the ground floor . it is probably safer and the second floor dining area is quite pleasant witht he second floor view . everything is a trade-off . i totally prefer the comfort and amenities of the residence inn on walton ( miracle mile ) , however , it is a bit overrun with the " american girl " groupies on the weekends and too many unruly children . this is more in the working business section . however , many convention busses do not stop here and the front desk personnel indicated a one block walk south to the westin river north when i called . after i checked in , it appears a three block walk to the hilton garden inn for convention shuttle . on the positive side , it is new and very clean . the internet works very well . i have not experienced the slow elevator problem described in previous emails yet . the staff appears used to the small room comments and are trying to fend the issue as graciously as possible . the top floor pool looked very nice , as did the work out facility . . . much nicer than the residence on walton for work out and that place has no pool . i would suspect this is a foreign owned marriott as it is not similar to standard for this country in terms of space , amenities , etc . i will check on it . 
my friend and i had planned a vacation in chicago for a chairty event from the N-Nth and our last night we decided to stay at this hotel . the pictures looked amazing and the price seemed resonable . we were really excited to get to our room and see what it looked like . so we get to our room and we could not believe how old fashioned it was . we ' d stayed at N other hotels in the N days we ' d been in the city and this hotel did not even come close . seriously , the decor is so old it ' s not even funny . yes , we were aware that it was an old hotel , but this was just to much for our comfort . we had asked for a view of something and all we got was the hotel across the street and some emergency exit stairs . the room smelled old and musty , not to mention it was just creapy being in there , the so called " cannopy " beds didn ' t even come out of their confines , the bathroom is by far the tiniest i ' ve ever seen in my life . i ' ve seen outhouses bigger then these ! it ' s like a shower , toilet and sink all shoved into a closet . hardly enough room to move . neither one of us felt " at home " nor comfortable enough to sleep there . i called down to the front desk , explained the room was nothing like i had reserved and asked if we could somehow cancelle our reservations but i was told nothing could be done so we were forced to stay there . the lamp beside the beds didn ' t work , the room had and internet keyboard but was not ' eqipped " to do so . the so called computer rooms are crazy ! they charge you N bucks for the Nst hour and N bucks for so on . most hotels include that in your hotel stay . i know myself , nor my friend will ever stay here again . it ' s seriously like staying in a room in the N ' s so if your old enough to enjoy that , go for it but anyone who enjoys tasteful furniture and some color , i don ' t advise this hotel . 
we got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels ' website newsletter . affinia has a great location just off michigan avenue near the water tower . beware however parking is expensive in the gold coast . . . . N night . right from the start , victor greeted us and made us feel welcome . check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous . however , it was a handicapped acessible room and i wanted a tub , so one call to the front desk and we had another room . all rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful , comfortable and well appointed . the rooftop bar is a must-do . the outside patio has heaters and candles , a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views . we didn ' t sit inside the bar area . pedro and quentin were excellent bellmen , and christopher ( concierge ) was very helpful . as we left , we shook victor ' s hand ( he ' s always there ! ) and told him we ' ve found our new chicago hotel ! 
this hotel is the perfect location for downtown chicago shopping . the only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors , but looks much larger on the website . 
my wife and i recently stayed at the hyatt for one night . we paid N though hotwire . i arrived at around noon . check-in was a breeze and my room was ready . the king size bed was very comfortable . nice linens in the bathroom . we checked out early the following morning . no problems . overall , a nice shot stay . 
the hotel is in a great location , however the rooms and amenities are below expectations . the night i stayed their website price was N a night - i pricelined for about N . the latter price was more than enough . the rooms are small . the staff are way less than three star . take it from a seasoned traveler . . . . ok , but don ' t pay a lot for this . 
ok , so this is an older hotel and the rooms are small . i can live with that . but then why cram the room with inappropriate and useless furniture ( do we really need an ottoman ? ) , and arrange it so that the tv can ' t be pointed at the bed . not to mention hanging a bizarre piece of white cushioning in a frame behind the head of the bed -- guaranteed to get dirty and vaguely disgusting . i ' ve stayed in worse , but it would have been so easy to compensate for the small rooms with appropriate modern and minimal furniture that could have made the rooms pleasant . and it would have been easier to keep clean as well . the bathroom is the size of a phone booth . ok , i ' ll survive . but then why put in an oversized shower , leaving so little room that you can hardly use the toilet , since it ' s underneath the towel ring and hemmed in on one side by the shower door and on the other by the train-compartment-sized sink -- which has no usable ledge for your stuff because there ' s no room ! they have to place the towels on a chair outside , since there ' s no room in the bathroom itself . i also didn ' t appreciate the squished bugs on the ridged wallpaper , the kleenex box with three kleenex left in it ( never replaced once there were no kleenex left ) , the dirty cushion they kept placing on the ( i hope ) clean sheets of the bed each day , and so on and so on . not the worst , as i say , but i won ' t be back . 
i was on a business trip , and this was the hotel i had available to me . the staff were generally friendly and helpful , and the restaurant was very good . however , the carpets appeared to be stained and dirty , especially along the hallways . they were using carpet dryers on more than one floor ( maybe they were having trouble with water leaks ? ) also , the tub drain was completely clogged . when i asked for it to be fixed , the front desk informed me i had to be present for the engineer to come up . since i was supposed to be in meetings all day , i was disappointed they could not find a way to make repairs without me having to wait almost an hour on business time for this to occur . ( of note , the engineer was very friendly and professional . ) maybe they could have a security guard accompany him next time ? anyways , the bed was comfortable and the climate control was great . 
had to take this hotel , as everything was booked . great staff , helpful and friendly . very good housekeeping . funky , but good parking . . . ( you have to park a block away at night , lot adjacent to hotel gets full ) . breakfast not bad , very basic continental , fresh and not too bad coffee . con this place as another reviewer said " is not charming , it ' s old . . . " i felt like i was in a transient hotel right out of a movie . creaky bed , really old cheap furniture , worn-out hallways . . . i would say this is a Nnd choice hotel , ok if you have too . . . . 
i stayed here in august , after missing a flight due to unbelievable traffic . i had been driving in from wisconsin , and even though i allowed myself an extra couple of hours leeway , there had been an accident on the highway where gasoline spilled , the air water show was happening on the lakefront , and there was a cubs game . after a horrendously long time spent in the car , at the airport , then a cab , it was such a relief to walk into the beautiful lobby with some of the most artistic flower arrangements i ' ve seen . the staff were completely courteous and helpful , and the room was incredibly comfortable . i loved the l ' occitane bath products ! ! we had dinner in the bar - they provided full service , and were even more than happy to accommodate a member of our party who was on a restricted diet . the food was delicious , and the servers and bartender were friendly and efficient . the workout facility was also super nice . what was most unbelievable to me , however , was the excellent price of the room . i ' ve paid close to the same amount to stay in some of the middle-of-the-road chain motels that can ' t even be considered in the same league- i don ' t know how they do it ! ! i would N recommend this hotel and will most definitely stay here next time in in chicago ! 
the hotel room was great . checking in with sara , however , was certainly not . you would think that a place like this could afford to pay a more courteous staff ! we will stay elsewhere next time we are in chicago . 
we had a wonderful time at the chicago south loop hotel . the rooms were spotless the service was wonderful . the staff was exceptional very helpfull and nice going above and beyond there dutys from the front desk to housekeeping . i would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in chicago . special thanks to bernita , monique , jackie , kevin , byron , taron , renee , jim , diane w and if i missed anyone i came in contact with who works at the hotel special thanks to you all also . to the management you have a great crew that works for you treat them with the upmost respect because i hope to see them all on our next trip to chicago and we plan on coming to stay at the south loop hotel ! sincerely mr . mrs . treasure ! ! ! 
my room was dirty . . . hair on the bathroom floor that i had to clean up . then second night housekeeping took away my shampoo , soap and conditioner and did not repalce it . i ended up not being able to really shower before a meeting . had been looking at them for a possible wedding but would never want guests to stay there . 
we travel frequently and i always look on tripadvisor for reviews before we make reservations . unfortunately with this hotel , there was a conference in chicago the weekend we were there on september N so there weren ' t a lot of hotel choices available when we booked our stay . we booked two rooms for two couples with the boutique hotel . normally i enjoy staying at a boutique hotel because the hotel is not massive and the staff are friendly . however , this boutique hotel had some disappointments that we ' ve not experienced previously . pros - the location is great if you desire to be near michigan avenue . it ' s literally a short walk to the magnificent mile so it ' s very convenient . - the price was less , especially for that location at the time . i also noticed they had a special on their website that was even better than what we paid . - the lobby area was clean as was both rooms . cons - the staff was not very friendly throughout our visit . from the moment we arrived , we received no help with the door nor our luggage . i will explain more about the staff below . - the elevators are very small so we had to wait for an elevator at times since they fit two people comfortably , especially if someone has luggage . - there wasn ' t any place to eat for breakfast at the hotel , not even a continental breakfast choice . - the lobby and bar area is also small so there is not a lot of seating available . - there were very intoxicated people who who entered the hotel and were not guests . i do not know if this is because of the location of the hotel or not but the doorman had to be notified by another guest who then went to " find " the intoxicated people . had the doorman been at the door in the first place , maybe he would have seen them come into the hotel himself . - the fitness area was small and most of the equipment was broken , although there wasn ' t any signage on the equipment noting it was not working . - our rental car was parked in their parking lot across the street and was damaged by another vehicle in the parking lot during our stay . the manager of the parking lot said they were not responsible even though an employee of the parking lot was aware of the damage . we were not able to reach a manager at the hotel when we checked-out because the person at the front desk said that a manager was not present ( poor customer service ) . we were given a phone number in which to call the manager at another time . after multiple calls to the manager of the hotel , who also denied any responsibility , we were provided with a credit for the parking lot fee for the night but nothing for the damage on the vehicle . 
i stayed at the palmer house for N nights this week . the public spaces in the hotel are spectacular , and i ' d recommend you stop in the lobby for a drink whether you stay at the palmer or not . the rooms are small , like many older hotels , but they are very well maintained . the linens are soft and beautiful . cons it is noisy . my room facing the courtyard had a continuous buzzing noise like a generator . my biggest beef is that the operable windows were locked shut - i wanted to open them to listen to the rain ( which would have been a pleasant counterpoint to the generator noise ) and i could not . 
this hotel is excellent for business travelers , i would probably stay for leisure as well because the service is so great . there is a computer and printer available N-N as well as free internet ( as it should be everywhere ! ) and continental breakfast . the rooms are very pleasant they are spacious and comfortable . i prefer the quiet location of this hotel compared to other hotels i have stayed at in chicago ( including the hyatt convention center which is a difficult to navigate and wholly inconvenient monstrosity ) . the N-hr fitness center was a big sell , and the in-room jacuzzi tubs in the suites ( suites only ) almost make up for the lack of a pool . the very best part about the hotel was the excellent service . the " bad " . . . had a minor billing issue that took a some time to correct ( but was eventually corrected very cordially ) , they could serve better coffee for breakfast . overall great hotel . 
read the reviews on tripadvisor before booking . i stay at marriott a lot on business so used points to book N nights when my son and i went to chicago to catch a cubs game . the hotel is in a great location in the heart of downtown on the chicago river . we walked to navy pier on lake michigan , about N min walk . the red line subway is N block away which will take you to the cubs or white sox games . the connsier was outstanding . there was a harry potter exhibit at the museum of history and industry . she recommended it after asking my son ( N ) if he liked harry potter . great idea . allof the staff were friendly . the last night it rained , so after returning from a day exploring , we rented a movie in the room and ordered room service . they have a children ' s menu ( N each ) which is unusual in nicer hotels . food arrived in N minutes . there is an extensive breakfast buffett each morning , discount for children again . overall , i ' d stay here again on business or pleasure
we stayed at the swissotel chicago for N nights july N-N and had a great time . rooms we liked our room . the bathroom was big enough with adequate vanity space , with separate tub and shower . beds were comfortable enough , although it seemed they d put a pillow top mattress pad on top of a too old mattress . furnishings were fine . rooms were quiet enough . be sure to ask for a room high up when you book your reservation you ll probably get a good view wherever you stay , but the higher up you are , the more you can see . location this is a pretty good , central location , about a N-N minute walk off michigan avenue and wacker , close to the water , just south of the magnificent mile . you can see downtown and or the navy pier from most of the rooms . i liked it because it wasn t too close to the noise and crowdedness of michigan avenue . swissotel is next door to the huge hyatt hotel . i think it s the Nrd building in from the lake . transportation well , i d read about taking the train in and then walking to the hotel . i don t think any of the train stations are close together . cabs are definitely the way to go . don t rent a car unless you absolutely have to . the parking at swissotel is about N and parking is hard to come by in other places if you want to get out and about . the trains are old , jerky and bumpy not like the ones in new york city or washington , d . c . from midway airport , we took the orange line in and got off at the state and lake stop . it s at least a N-minute walk from there to the swissotel ( again , did i mention all the luggage ? ) the train stop is upstairs and there are no elevators , so we had to lug all our bags down N flights of stairs . looking back , i d save the expense and trouble and just get a cab . it was N one-way back to the midway airport from the hotel . we each bought a N-day unlimited cta pass for N each and only used the train once getting from midway to the hotel . staff we found the staff to be helpful and friendly . we never saw long lines for anything . we asked for extra towels each day and they were promptly delivered within N minutes . the maids did a good job . ice machine we had to go up a floor and into a service area to find ice . they turn the machines off to save electricity , i think . you have to flip the power switch , and once i figured it out , i had all the ice i needed . pool we went to the hot tub a couple of times . it was nice . they have a nice workout area but you have to pay N a day to use it . the workout area overlooks the city and was nice and clean . dining we did not eat at the hotel . they have a palm steak house here and it was open for lunch . they seemed to have reasonable steak house lunch prices . i ve never seen a palm restaurant open for lunch wish we could have tried this . we went to houlihan s down the street as several other reviews suggested i just wasn t all that impressed . they have a N breakfast buffet but it s just that a N breakfast buffet , similar to what you find in a nice hampton inn and suites these days . they had some hot items that looked like they d sat a little too long , cereal and some fruit stations . they had an omelet station but they couldn t find the chef so i waited N minutes ( omelet was good ) . we ate at the original billy goat tavern it s on michigan , just north of wacker , across the bridge , maybe a N-minute walk from the hotel . you have to take a staircase down to the lower level of the highway ( kind of like an underground parking garage ) . they serve breakfast , lunch dinner . wish i d known about the breakfast on the first day . good hamburgers too ( and i don t usually like hamburgers ) . there s also a mcdonald s close to the billy goat tavern , right behind the wrigley building . we ate at mike ditka s steak house restaurant and it was good . we went to the signature room restaurant and it was good , with the great view you d expect . we had a little bit hard of a time trying to identify the hancock tower it seemed kind of set back off michigan avenue . we ate at giordano s italian and it was good . the have a lunch personal pizza and it s still too big for one person . we ate at emerald loop caf it s down wacker , go left on wabash , restaurant s on the right . a nice restaurant with reasonable prices and great food . kind of like an upscale bennigans , but a lot better and prices aren t that much higher . attractions we took the architecture foundation river cruise . the departure is right down the street from the swissotel , at the corner of wacker michigan , downstairs , under the blue awning . the tour was well done , but don t forget a hat and some major sunscreen the best seats are up top and it s open to the elements . i went to the art institute of chicago and wish i could have spent more time there . hubby and kids went to the museum of science and industry . we walked along the navy pier . it s just as touristy and kid-friendly as you d expect but seemed clean and relatively safe . went to millennium park ( free ! and not too far from swissotel maybe N minutes walk ) and it s a great place to visit . ambiance of the city we didn t find the people of chicago to be as friendly as those in texas . we encountered quite a few aggressive homeless people throughout all of chicago . i didn t feel completely safe walking around the streets by myself . overall nice experience and i d stay here again . 
i stayed several months at the seneca this past summer when my wife had medical procedures performed at northwestern memorial . i thought that the extended stay rates were reasonable and the staff accommodating . the hotel is pretty old , my suite was pretty tired and sported a dreary view of the back alley . even so , if you have to spend mega-days in the area of town called streeterville i suggest that you consider the seneca . it is adjacent to the hancock tower , close to water tower place ( for shopping and dining ) and just a block off the magnificent mile . 
stayed here for business recently and it was a disaster . there was a problem with the booking of our room - two of my colleagues decided not to come on the trip and two different people came in their stead . despite the fact that we had the credit card the room was booked on in hand , the hotel would not let us check into the room because the names of the guests who showed up did not match the names on the reservation ( again , on the same credit card ) . we went through two levels of management , and the response was " sorry , there is nothing we can do to help . " then , our office manager called from afar , was told the same thing about the rooms , and then put on a show by faking crying and making up a story that she would be fired if the situation was not rectified . then , and only then , did management suprisingly decide to allow us to occupy the room . all of this wasted N hours of time and caused great stress . i was simply shocked at how many times management said " there is nothing we can do " instead of trying to help us out . the other " great " thing was that they fully admitted we would be charged for the room because we had reserved it , but could not occupy it or cancel the reservation because the actual guests listed were not present . 
prices of rooms are left to the disgration of the very unfriendly staff . beware . . . of hidden charges that will later show up on your credit card bill . parking is not included in the price and you will not be warned of this . when you check in you will be advised where to park and that they require an additional N . N deposit for the phone , tv , etc . on top of the room rate . they will never mention you must pay an additional fee of N . N per night for parking . after you pay cash for your room and parking charges you will see on your next credit card statement charges for the parking garage in the amount of N . N which they will say was a tip . when you phone in for a reservation you are required to give a credit card number to hold the room and they will charge what ever they want to it without your permissionand you never have to present the card or signing anything . 
i plan on following up with a full review later , however , i wanted to give an initial impression while we ' re still on property . we are finnicky ( sp ) and frugal when it comes to accommodations . with that said , we ( myself , wife , and N year old daughter ) have found ourselves forced to slow down and forget our busy schedules , etc . we could not be happier . . . . . 
booked at the conrad for our annual christmas trip to chicago and just returned . great location on rush street and surrounded by great shopping and restaurants . we didn ' t spend much time at the hotel so i would like to return when it ' s not snowing and we can enjoy the area more . many guests were loaded with shopping bags and packages . so it ' s an easy walk to great shopping . ( nordstrom was directly across the street and i think the hotel had a walkway or easy access to it . ) it was snowing too hard and way too cold to explore the outdoor areas ! ! we were also enjoying a late night cocktail in the lobby bar when larry byrd and the pacers checked in over the weekend . they were obviously in town to play the bulls . i ' m not a huge basketball fan but you can ' t miss that many tall guys walking thru the lobby . . . and anyone can recognize larry byrd . security was tight and they were shuffled onto the elevator while the crowd in the bar applauded and cheered . but just a few minutes later larry byrd walks into the bar and took a table along the wall and was eventually joined by others . i thought then . . . i like this place ! great beds , very quiet , extremely clean . and you never know who you will run into ! ! 
my wife and i stayed for N nights and loved it . our stay was booked for us by virgin atlantic when we booked our flights from london to chicago . we were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the hilton brand name . in the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel . on arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient . the interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built . the room we were given was a good size with N queen bed which was particularly comfortable . the hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby . the first night we ate at the hotel ' s own gourmet restaurant ( the lockwood ) which did not disappoint . the breakfasts are also served in this restaurant . we had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered . generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful . a nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving . a member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive . overall i would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money . 
suite rooms are great actually separted by walls and doors , not like other hotels . N tv ' s , fireplace and N . N bathrooms . staff is very friendly . great location - right off michigan avenue . nice oasis in downtown chicago . 
the hotel is beautiful . nice flat screen tv , great view of magnificent mile , nice furnishings . we got the room for N night through hotwire . to be honest , i wouldn ' t stay here again , even if it was N night . the service was terrible - the concierge was away from the desk , and no one else would help us find a good place to eat drink dance . finally , someone told us about a great place to go on the other side of town - sangria . we had a minor with us , and he said that they accepted N and older in the club . so , we took the N cab trip there , and sangria told us that it was N and up only . so , we went all the way back and complained . we asked the front desk to refund us for the cab rides , but they said that they couldn ' t do that . they gave us a coupon for a free drink , but by the time we got back from our room , the bar was closed . everyone behind the front desk except for one person treated us like we were just second rate . on top of all this , everything costs extra - even the toothbrush toothpaste , just in case you forgot yours , costs N . if you have an endless pocketbook and love to tip generously , i ' m sure your stay would be wonderful , but if you ' re like me , you ' ll grudgingly hand over N by N for tipping and extras , adding up to be just as much as you spent on the room originally ! 
i think i have been finally been convinced to switch away from the hilton hotels . i have had more inconsistent stays at their hotels . but the marriotts i have been in lately have all been outstanding . just before i arrived in chicago , in fact , i was in toronto ' s eaton centre hotel , where i had a fantastic N-day stay . everything about the springfield suites was stellar the location could not be beat --it ' s not just close to the classic lou malnati ' s pizza but my favorite mexican restaurant in the country , frontera grill , is a block or so away . while the weather was pretty hot outside , i could always count on a clean , fresh , made-up and comfortable room . the breakfasts were awesome and you guys should hire me as a line waffle cook , since i was so adept at making them . the hot foods were good and everything was refilled and kept delicious . yes , there were many guests and it was hard sometimes to attend to everyone , but your staff was simply first class . they would come up and ask us how everything was . i liked that there was free and problem-free wireless internet access in the rooms . excellent . the coffee was plentiful and nice and bold . oh and i must mention a staff member named veronica who went far and beyond the level of service . veronica normally keeps up the breakfast room , along with the other staffers . i came downstairs around N am on thursday morning ( july N ) , just as the staff was cleaning up the breakfast room . i asked her if they had taken down the big ice water dispenser that is normally put out for breakfast . apparently they had . i had my empty water bottle with me and i had planned to simply fill it up as i prepared to tackle the hot downtown streets . veronica insisted on helping me . she took my bottle and disappeared into the back . it took her a little bit of time and honestly i didn ' t know where she had gone . in about N minutes she appeared with my bottle full of ice water . i ' ll repeat that again ice water . i have no idea she was able to get ice cubes into my bottle . it was just the thing i needed because that water was kept colder longer . she went out of her way with effervescence and enthusiasm ---she really wanted to exceed my expectations . as an ebullient representative of the springfield suites , i felt she made your hotel shine that day . i know it doesn ' t sound like much but she really deserved some mention . she needs to be singled out for her terrific care on that hot day . 
this was a wonderful hotel . i stayed at the palomar for N nights for a mini staycation . i booked a king spa room , getting a discounted rate because of my kimpton intouch membership . just prior to my stay , ashley from the palomar emailed me to ask if i had any special requests and if it was a special occasion . i informed her that i was celebrating my birthday , and also asked for a dvd player and early check-in . i was actually unable to check in much earlier , but only because the staff was trying very hard to get me a specific room and it wasn ' t ready when i got there . after i told them that i would take any room , as i had to be somewhere shortly , they quickly scrambled and checked me in to a different room . the dvd player was installed and the maintenance man helpfully explained how to run the machine . they also sent up a bottle of champagne for my birthday , which was a lovely touch . the room was very spacious . i gathered with four friends in the room before going out for dinner and there was plenty of space in the sitting area . wonderfully comfortable bed , and the room was very quiet , too ( a must for me ) . there were lots of kids and dogs in the hotel , and there is a lot of traffic outside , but i wasn ' t bothered by any of it ( fyi , i was on the Nth floor , so this may have helped with the noise of the traffic ) . also , i loved the blackout curtains - made it easier to sleep in in the morning . the deep soaking tub was awesome . the room also had a large , separate shower . the wine hour is very nice i believe this is done at all of the kimpton hotels . the workout room was very clean and well-equiped . there is also an indoor pool , but i didn ' t have time to try it out . the staff was very helpful . housekeeping was unobtrusive and thorough . i mentioned to ashley that i was thinking of trying yolk for brunch she told me to tell them that i was staying at the palomar because the hotel had preferred seating there - totally worked , we didn ' t have to wait at all to be seated . i read other reviews about the front desk area being chaotic , but i checked out on a monday and did not have any problems . i really liked the location of the hotel , too - close enough to lots of shopping ( another must for me ) but without being right in the middle of crazy michigan ave . also , there are lots of dining and bar options nearby . side note on parking i didn ' t park at the hotel , but used spothero . com to reserve a spot at the garage kitty-corner from the hotel . i bought N hours of parking for less than the cost of one day at the hotel ( it was my first time using this service so i wasn ' t sure what to expect , but everything went smoothly ) . my only teeny tiny quibble during the entire weekend was with the tv remote - it had no numbers and i could only scroll through the channels in one direction . but you ' re not supposed to waste your vacation watching tv , so it wasn ' t a big deal . i ' ve also stayed at the palomar in dc ( which is what prompted me to check out this hotel ) and had a great experience there , too . i ' ve become a big fan of the kimpton hotels . hoping to check in to another one for my next birthday , whether it ' s in chicago or elsewhere ! 
at Nam , after arriving late through ohare , and sitting in an hour of traffic , our " paid " hotel room at another facility was given away . we got in a taxi and passed the w . having stayed at w hotel ' s before and had great experiences , we stopped and were welcomed with open arms . our room was comfortable and staff exceptional . we always look forward to staying with w , and the chicago city center fulfilled all our expectations . 
from check-in to check-out , the service i received was great ! if you are lucky enough to get miss jacqueline or regina providing service at the front desk , you will be happy ! 
what a gorgeous elegant hotel . i felt like i was in one of the finer hotels in europe . my room was so spacious i could have held a dance in there . the bed was extremely comfortable and i slept fabulously . i had an issue with the internet connection and they sent a technician up right away and got it squared away . i loved that there was a starbucks in the lobby ! 
this place and the staff are amazing ! we arrived around noon , even though official check-in was N N , and the front desk let us know a room was ready for us right then ! ! beautiful river view --- great window seat built for N -- and the room was spacious and inviting . we spent the afternoon out and about in chicago , came back to our room around N and found a delightful treat in our room and the wine hour going on in the lobby . even had turn-down service and chocolates on our arrival back from dinner that night . best service ever ! ! would definitely stay there again - and again - and again ! 
i really have no complaints about the room in the historic section of the hotel which has been refurnished ( not sure when but it was in very nice shape ) . sound insulation ( especially , to adjacent room ) was pretty thin . . . fortunately , they eventually went to sleep . i thought just under N ( including tax ) for a small bottle of drinking water was excessive ( nice touch would be for them to leave a couple of small complimentary bottles when your base room rate was N before taxes ) . everything else was fine . 
i cannot say enough good things about my stay at the blackstone . . . was here on business in mid-october . . . absolutely everyone working there treated us so wonderfully . . . i had stayed at the palmer house back in march and the service didn ' t even begin to compare . . . if you have a choice , choose the blackstone . . . you ' ll be very impressed ! 
at N a night this is one of the worst hotels i have experienced . i booked a non-smoking , quiet room in july , but upon arrival in november was sent to a smoking room . when i complained , i was given a room overlooking a busy city street . my third move got me into the room i had requested . unfortunately , access to the room was from a blockhouse in the parking garage , not from the main lobby . things were no better as the week wore on elevators were extremely slow , no thermastat in room so a forced hot air system either broiled you to death or forced you to turn it off and freeze to death , sheets were as scratchy as sandpaper , and drains were sluggish . while security in the hotel was good , our cab was once smacked by a beer bottle as we drove south to the mccormack convention center . this certainly wan ' t the hotel ' s fault , but it certainly contributed to our overall dissatisfaction . this hotel should be downgraded to a motel N grade facility and re-priced accordingly . 
i had the fortune to spend the weekend in chicago and chose to stay at the courtyard by marriott chicago downtown magnificent mile . it ' s important to note that we were visiting the second city for the N bank of america chicago marathon , so the hotel was full and the city was packed with runners and spectators . my wife and i experienced tremendous customer service during the length of our stay at the hotel . the check-in process was seamless and the friendliness of the staff was evident in our very first interactions . the great service continued every step of the way during our stay -- from the front desk to the bellhop to the housekeepers . everyone we interacted with was happy to help and treated us very well . the location was incredible as well . we were in walking distance to major shopping on the magnificent mile ( N N block from the entrance to the hotel ) and hundreds of fine restaurants . we were also very close to public transportation and used it to access the different neighborhoods that make chicago such a great weekend destination . the only complaint i have in terms of amenities would be the starbucks located within the hotel . it was a very small location and was always jam packed . we attempted to grab coffee on two separate occasions , only to be ' turned away ' from the long line . instead , we opted to get our caffeine fix at the dunkin ' donuts located N yards from the hotel . on a more positive note , the free wireless internet was fast and easy to access ( a huge perk in our book ! ) . the room we stayed in was very large and included a king size bed and full sofa . it was very clean and had a very nice layout . the bathroom was also very large and clean . the room , however , is in need of updating renovation . the first addition i would suggest is a flat screen lcd tv . what did i like best ? friendly staff location free wireless internet what did i like least ? old school tv ( need an lcd with hd ) inaccessibility of the starbucks
location , location , location . i like being close to oak and rush streets . close to the boutiques , barneys , the lounges and restaurants on rush division . i statyed in a junior suite with my wife and two kids . the sofa bed was great , believe it or not . it had a down feather top , etc . kids loved it . the price was okay as i prefer the four seasons down the street , which is more . but with kids in tow , the sofitel seemed more kid friendly . of course , the sofitel is a notch down , but it ' s still nice . i would go back again . the service was okay , not fantastic . i had to call housekeeping to make up the sofa bed . while it was worth it , it did take a little while . the restaurant had an awesome butternut squash soup but my madagascar shrimp salad was just so-so . the shrimp was not fresh but the flavor was good . i avoided the shrimp after the first bite . the room was clean and new . bed was comfortable as mentioned in other posts . a very nice stay . i would suggest the hotel improve it ' s workout facility . it was cramped and not well ventilated . i expect more from a four star hotel . sadly for the kids , mo pool ! overall , we would go back again . price point below four seasons and location is just as good . cheers . 
my wife and i stayed N nights at the sax . this was my first stay in chicago . one of the nicest aspects was the proximity to the the el from o ' hare airport . the stop was just a N minute walk from the hotel . upon making an on-line reservation ( which originally was a double queen superior room ) , i requested to get a room that was far away from the elevator and would be high enough to be able see the chicago river . they said they would do what they could . when i arrived , i found that they had upgraded me to a deluxe room with a king on the Nth floor that had an absolutely great view ! i entered a room that was spotlessly clean with everything in perfect working order . the room was great an included one of the largest bathrooms i ' ve seen in hotel room . we found that the location of the hotel ( one block north of the river and a couple blocks west of the miracle mile ) was perfect . it was close to everything and we had a wonderful visit to chicago . my one , and only , criticism of this hotel is that getting my morning coffee was inconvenient . there is no in-room coffee maker though they do provide ( excellent ) coffee in the lobby . unfortunately , they stop providing coffee at N N am - which is tough for those who are on vacation . if they had kept the coffee going until N N , i would have had a perfect stay . i ' d give this hotel a solid N and N N stars ! 
great view , great location , no frills . my first trip to chicago and had a wonderful time . the hotel was clean and to the point- great room with awesome location- walking distance to anything worth seeing . prices were reasonable and staff was very friendly . i recommend renting some bicycles and riding through the city , the aquarium was average , definitely eat some pizza , and don ' t miss hot doug ' s ( best hotdogs ever ) , just a short walk from great shopping
we got a great deal of N per night through priceline . with this price , the hotel is great , even for double that price it would have been a good deal . the hotel itself is a little weird though , they only had the computer check-in machine when we checked in , so we did not actually talk to anyone about our room preference . we received a room on the Nth floor which had a giant spot light pointed directly at our window all night , the blinds blocked it out but it was not the best . also the house keeping people we obsessed with cleaning our room between N and Nam , after we went to the gym ( which was nice ) our bed was made and we hadn ' t even used the shower yet . also on other days , they waiting in the halls for people to get up . the location is good and we walked pretty much everywhere or took the train that was nearby . other complaints about the high price of internet and food there seem a bit funny . this is a business hotel and they expect that their customers will have their businesses paying for everything . the prices for these things are the same at most other business style hotels i have been to . just book it on priceline and use your savings to eat elsewhere , the corner bakery on michigan was pretty good for breakfasts . 
i was well received at the reception and allowed an early check in and a late check out , unusual of hotels . the room was spacious and had a panoramic view from Nnd floor . the breakfast is complimentary and serves variety of food . there is a wii besides the reception and can be used any of the guests . i use them during my free time at hotel . the location of the hotel is great and lot of good restraunt are nearby . the hotel has a well equiped gym and a nice swimming pool . i would recommend it to all business travellers . 
having just joined tripadvisor i am now catching up from all the hotels i have stayed at this year , both on business and pleasure . i was super shocked to see the sax chicago not in the top N , N , or even N hotels in chicago ! this hotel is seriously fabulous and definitely underrated on tripadvisor . i managed to get an amazing deal on expedia for this hotel and i had a great room with views to the river channel whatever its called . the room was spacious and the bed super comfortable . most importantly though , the located was second to none . i loved how u could sign your meals at nearby restaurants back to the hotel . very clever to increase the dining facilities offered to guests . i would N stay here next time i return to ord . 
we just returned from a trip to chicago and after staying in the swissotel have nothing but the best things to say about this hotel . we arrived at about N am and were told that the room wouldn ' t be available until about N pm which you could expect . the bell staff was happy to hold my bags till i returned . returning to the hotel about N pm i was then able to check into my room . to my surprise i had a great king bed room looking over lake michigan , the chicago river , and navy pier . it was a million dollar view . we found everything in the room to be fine . then headed to the Nth floor to use the pool whirlpool . once again the view was to die for . the pool and whirlpool were a great way to relax after spending the day shopping . didn ' t use the workout area , but looked like they had plenty of equipment for guest to use . after checking out on sunday we checked our bags so we could do some more walking and shopping . returning about N pm and found the fireplace located off the lobby a great place to warm up and relax having a cocktail . all i can say is that i found nothing but good things about this hotel and their employees . i will be staying here on my next trip back to chicago
trump has created in the trump int ' l hotel chicago what imho is the finest hotel in america in terms of overall experience and especially service , and one that can rival the greatest hotels in the world . over the course of the past thirty years of my business career , i have stayed in many of the top us hotels and many of the world ' s great hotels , from london ' s connaught , to geneva ' s hotel des bergues , to hk ' s mandarin and peninsula , and tokyo ' s seiyo ginza . the trump chicago is definitely in the same league as these great international hotels , yet it also retains a distinctly american flavor friendly service , modern design , and leading edge technology . from the moment you arrive , the service is impeccable and achieves the elusive ideal balance between professionalism and friendliness . the staff are efficient , attractive , well groomed , courteous , and extremely helpful . moreover you never , ever have the feeling that anyone is expecting any kind of a gratutity , which can be so offputting in certain american cities . here , you truly get the feeling that you are a valued guest and that whatever can be done to make you comfortable and happy is cheerfully offered . from the reception staff to the room staff to the restaurant and spa staff , everyone did a superlative job . our room was magnificent N square feet with a superb view of the lake , a fully equipped kitchen area ( including nespresso coffee machine ) an enormous and delightfully comfortable bed , and a very complete and efficient bathroom . the design was modern , but not oppressively so . the high ceilings reinforced the feeling of space . the electrically controlled drapes opened onto magnificent floor to ceiling windows , the soaking tub in the bathroom allowed for a bit of indulgence . this was truly one of the best rooms i have experienced in N years . . . the location was ideal for anyone having business in the downtown loop area and there were always taxis a doorman ' s whistle away , despite a busy convention ( which had the hotel N full ) as well as regular summer thundershowers . as for food and wine , we spent our first evening at rebar , having quickly changed after an arrival from the west coast , and found the cocktails to be delicious , the sushi sashimi remarkably good , and the ambiance lively and young . we were in fact surprised when the lights were raised shortly before Nam to indicate that closing time was approaching . we had been having such fun that time truly flew by . we did not dine at the in-house restaurant so i can not comment on that . the exercise facilities were state of the art , in pristine condition , had spectacular views and contained everything one could possibly want . we did not use the spa facilities so this is something else i can not comment on . in summary a truly outstanding experience . i would definitely stay there on my next trip to chicago . and while this hotel clearly charges five star prices , they unquestionnably deliver five star service so even if one was not travelling on business , i can think of no better place to treat oneself to real luxury . and i left thinking what a pleasure it was to see an american hotel earning a place among the unique establishments of the world . bravo mr trump and congratulations to your team ! 
i stayed at the palomar on a recent business trip to chicago . first off , the staff was extremely helpful - from the concierge to the front desk . they had suggestions on where to eat , gave me precise directions to find places on foot ( and provided a map ) , and stored my luggage after checkout until my meeting was done . the staff deserves a big pat on the back ! the room itself was very spacious - i received a corner room , which afforded me two floor to ceiling window views of downtown chicago . the room was spacious and impeccably clean . the tv was a large flat screen with an abundance of channels ( which was much appreciated ) . the bathroom was standard for a high class hotel . the only thing i did not like about the room , was that the vanity was too high . i couldn ' t really get ready in the mirror ( i ' m N ' N " ) because of this . luckily there was a mirror outside the bathroom door , which was great ! i ordered room service and they delivered it on time , and it was a delicious breakfast . i would definitely stay at this hotel again when visiting chicago . 
returned to this hotel recently for another weekend getaway to chicago . in the N years that i have been staying here can say that the experience remains above-average . whilst my style of hotel would run more towards that of the peninsula , i prefer the feeling of being at this hotel . -rooms continue to be well-maintained super clean , beds extremely comfortable , ample toiletries . i have generally stayed in suites here but arranged a room for my brother that he indicated was extremely comfortable . -service always great polite , friendly and helpful staff are the general rule here . -sofitel bar one of the best hotel bars you will find in chicago great vibe , great service , outstanding meeting place . major plus for this hotel . because my objectives in chicago are only N-night weekend getaways perhaps i do not seek as much from a hotel than others on this site but i cannot recall anything negative about this hotel . highly recommend . 
i am sad to report that the intercontinental chicago was a waste of money and my priority club points . i expected so much more from a high end property and received so little . as a priority club platinum ( N weeks year in priority club properties ) i had some basic expectations such as express check in , friendly staff , a bathroom bigger than N ' x N ' , clean rooms . at check in i had the huffy clerk who complained that she had to merge my record because i was using points and paying for my stay . she never looked me in the eye and made no attempt to be friendly . it went downhill from there . i noticed on several posts that some reviewers recommend getting the ambassadors club membership , but i would not pay a dime for that ! i have spent over N , N on hotel stays this year so far and should not have to pay a single cent more to get some decent treatment and a decent room . please heed the warnings of your fellow travelers and do not stay here . i am from chicago and believe me there are better properties where you will get what you pay for . 
because of some long work hours and a big project over two days i wanted to stay downtown so there would be less commuting . thanks to priceline , i got a rate of N . N a night at the hyatt regency . anytime a discount broker involved , i worry about what i ' m going to get for that rate but i was more than pleasantly surprised this time . the staff was friendly and accommodating , giving me a higher floor room at my request and letting me know that because i had used my airline credit card with them i would be able to get N miles on my account . my room was clean and overlooking the river with a great view of the downtown skyline . best parts of the room were the comfortable bed , view and roomy bathroom with a huge lighted mirror . only quirks i felt detracted slightly from the experience was a odd rumbling sound that i believe was due to the elevator bank ( mine was the second room to the right of them ) and a some signs of age with the furniture like scratches and gouges and a oddly mismatched looking hallway carpet . overall , would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone . 
