overall , the hotel was okay . though i did have a problem with the price . the accommodations mentioned on the website were accurate ( other than the supposedly luxury mattress , it was not more comfortable than my own mattress ! ) but this hotel offers nothing more than a much more affordable hotel ! there is a difference between the palmer house hilton lobby , and your normal , affordable lobby . but , i do not go to a hotel because it has a fancy lobby i go to get a good night ' s sleep . when i want to sight see , i go elsewhere . like i said , overall , the hotel was okay but it was not worth the price . 
was one of the worst travel experiences of quite some time . . . . N . arrived to construction or renovation to main lobby . . . no warning . not on the website . . . ' thanks for letting me make the choice to stay in hotel with construction site ' N . lengthy line to wait at makeshift reception area ( N min wait ) . . check in . . ache conference-- be prepared for the influx of people for the convention . N . double book room . . . . go back to check in . . . told to get back in line . . . and we will review when it is your turn . . . told them i just waited N mins . . curt service worker said wait your turn . N . second room . . . dirty dishes from room service in front of door at our check in at Npm . N . internet kept dropping and slower than dial up network . . . . N . second day and third day stay . . . no hot water to start the day off with cold shower . . . . N . check out . . . overcharge on bogus fees . . . . travel to chicago stay at the palmer house or fairmont . 
this hotel is amazing , i would recommend everyone to stay at least one night here if they had the chance . i stayed here on my first honeymoon and they had all the accommodations i expected plus more . i was floored by the friendliness of the staff and they definitely went the extra mile to make everything perfect without any hassle . the restaurants at the fairmont were amazing as well . when staying at this hotel , food and wine at their best are portrayed . if i had to make the choice to stay here again , the only thing that i would do differently is schedule the stay to be twice as long ( it was so relaxing ! ! ) . already booked another stay for next year i enjoyed it so much . 
i recently stayed at the hotel monaco and i must say , it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city . in the past , i ' ve always stayed at the marriott or the hilton so this time i thought i ' d go with a boutique hotel . i ' ve stayed at some of the kimpton properties in san francisco so i was delighted that they are running the monaco . basically , i like the friendly , real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places i ' ve used before . i do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill i normally use . south water kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants . i really dug the complimentary coffee , high speed internet and newspaper . i get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service . all in all , i will return to the monaco . it ' s a great alternative . 
my family and i recently attended a wedding in chicago and stayed at the swissotel . it was much nicer than we expected . we are used to staying at mid-class hotels and this , by far , was one of the nicest places we ' ve stayed . the beds were so comfortable and the crib the provided for my infant son was great quality - i was concerned that we would get a rickety Ns crib ! the bed sheets were so soft that i wanted to take them home ! we will definitely go back to this hotel the next time we are in chicago . 
i stayed at swissotel chicago when i was on business and it was very nice . the staff was very helpful and room was very clean . i would stay again in a heart beat ! 
my husband and i visited the fairmont chicago millennium park for our honeymoon . the customer service was amazing . from the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing . these people were proficient , respectful and very thoughtful . the fairmont had a lounge , a wine room , a bar and a restaurant . i couldn ' t decide where i wanted to go first ! after we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room . . . it was totally delicious . we also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon ! then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa , once again excellent ! ! everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time . we stayed in the gold room . although it was a little bit smaller than i thought it would be i was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows . my husband and i relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city . it was a wonderful experience that i will never forget . four thumbs up ! 
this is a great hotel ! the views are fabulous , the service it friendly and the location is superb . we booked a room on an upper floor and had access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks were available with picture perfect views of the chicago river . the only negative is that the ceilings in the hall and room are low and can make you feel a little cramped . we booked our room for N a night for memorial day weekend . it was a steal ! i highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning ! 
this hotel is totally overrated . yes , the location is awesome , but there are plenty of other nearby hotel options . the customer service , or lack thereof , was particularly disappointing . why are they paying anywhere from N - N doormen yet none of them can ever actually open the door for a lady ? even when her hands are full . the housekeeping staff couldn ' t figure out our preferences even after we left them a daily note explicitly stating such along with a tip -every day . why ask what newspaper we want with our morning room service when you don ' t bring it anyway . as stated previously , the location is great . location , however , does not make up for the complete lack of customer service and inattentiveness from staff . i would not stay here again . 
i would not reccomend staying at the hard rock hotel chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep . i stayed at the hard rock hotel chicago for two nights this past july . i had a select king city view room . the room was dark , with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view . i was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow . the hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long , so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there . when i called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did . i ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door . they quieted down for about an hour , but then were loud again for the rest of the night . the hotel was expensive , and for the price there weren ' t very many special amenities . there was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at N a day . overall i would not recommend staying at the hard rock hotel chicago , as it is way overpriced for what you get . 
the homewood suites is one of my favorite hotels in chicago ! it is a great place to stay as a family . the last time my family and i visited chicago , we stayed and picked the shedd aquarium package . what an amazing time ! the aquarium is great , and we saved a lot of money by buying this package . i also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen . with two really picky children , it was so nice to be able to cook , or at least to have the option . we also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the homewood suites chicago downtown . nice pool , great workout room , breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening . i wouldn ' t stay anywhere else when i visit the windy city ! 
i stayed at the fairmont to attend a conference . i was very pleased with the hotel . the doorman offered me an umbrella as i headed out for a walk . . . and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- i would have been soaked with it . upon my return , the doorman then asked about my walk , etc . this is reflective of all the staff i encountered . the front desk promptly checked me in . definitely register for their rewards program before you arrive . . . the complimentary gym access is excellent , plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members . the bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient . the only negative- no coffee maker ! and the starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days ! ! ! otherwise my stay was perfect , considering the conference rate was N per night ! 
the hotel is beautiful . it is an excellent location . there was a few minor issues . the hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd . there were charges for almost everything , although i did not incur any of these . our room was a little small for the class of hotel , but not overwhelmingly small . not a true complaint , but the elevators were very slow . my comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip , and the intercontinental ' s were significantly slower . that ' s it , no more little nit picks . the staff was excellent , the doormen being the highlight . the hotel bar was also very nice . the hotel was immaculately clean . i would definitely travel to this hotel again . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago last week and was very disappointed . the highlight of the stay was waiting N minutes for a bellman to come and get our luggage . finally , my N year old mother , N year old son , and myself gave up and dragged it all down to valet parking ourselves - no easy task . the security guard was kind enough to hold the door for me . the valet parking attendants looked over and then ignored us . as far as i could tell , he was just standing there doing nothing . i couldn ' t let go of the bags without everything falling so i gave my son the parking receipt . the attendant pointed to where our car was parked - no short distance away . my N year old had to tell him to pull it up . they should have been ashamed . less significant , but irritating issues . the pool is part of the hilton athletic club . two lanes are reserved for adults wanting to lap swim . basically , two adults can take up N Nrds of the pool while everyone else is consigned to the leftover N Nrd . this is ridiculous and very family unfriendly . in addition , the pool closes at N p . m . what pool closes at N ? we stayed for N nights . not one single additional bar of soap , bottle of shampoo , or coffee stirrers . 
my stay at the talbott was a wonderful experience . the service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations , the gold coast location is close to michigan ave , the museums , and many of the other sites chicago has to offer . if you are visiting chicago , i highly recommend the talbott ! 
the talbott is definitely not worth the price you pay . i was really looking forward to staying here since it was recently renovated was in a good location . unfortunately , it just didn ' t live up to the hype . ' recently renovated ' apparently means it was redone in the last decade , not the last year . it was just very tired-looking . also very disappointing was the food , and the service was hit or miss . i expected better from a hotel of this caliber . bottom line , there are better places with better value . stay elsewhere . 
your website wowed me enough to book online although i had never used your hotel . i had high expectations when visiting your hotel with my family on our recent trip to chicago and i was very disappointed . the first problem was that there was not enough staff at the desk . we had to wait a long time to get checked in . when we finally got to the room the beds were unmade and cleaning supplies were in the bathroom . the maid hadn ' t finished the room and she ' d left her stuff behind ! of course we called the desk right away and got a new room but it was a huge hassle . the next problem was the dog of the person across the hall and down one . we knew this was a pet friendly hotel but we envisioned well controlled , non barking pets . this animal barked repeatedly when my kids were trying to go to sleep . i called the desk twice and eventually the barking stopped . i think the dog just gave up because it didn ' t sound like the desk staff knew what to do . the crowning disaster , at least for my kids and husband , was that the remote control for the tv was dead . we managed to get that taken care of but it was just the icing on the cake . your hotel looks great but actually being there is not great . i cannot recommend it to anyone . 
i stayed at the talbott twice in the last few weeks . i was very pleased with every facet of my stays . the staff , from doormen to front desk , to concierge , to housekeeping , were wonderful . the rooms were nicely sized and clean , and well stocked . i will return to the talbott anytime ! 
we really enjoyed our brief stay at the millennium knickerbocker ! from the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender , everyone we met was helpful and welcoming . our Nth-floor room was clean and beautiful , and the view looking north to the drake hotel and apartments across the street was nice . the in-room coffee service was appreciated , too . there isn ' t a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries , but i ' d still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day ! 
the omni chicago hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel , particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv ' s . the windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room , before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows , which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom . an in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay . there ' s even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince . however , the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use , as well as the whirlpool , jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool . sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks . a nice aspect that isn ' t so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel . the omni chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation , particularly when you don ' t want to be separated from your pet , within the area . 
the room i booked a room here and was told i ' d be getting a king bed . when i check in , they say they only have a queen bed room available . i protested to no avail . when i got to the room , it was really only a full size bed . so i went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in chicago . for the pleasure , i paid the same price as a normal king bed room . the full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable . i think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses . we would wake up with body aches and headaches . my wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights . not good . also , the internet in the room is hard to set-up , slow to use , and inconsistent . i generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work . the internet worked one day on my iphone and then would not log me in . it ' s not really worth it . room service room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical . some mornings they would take our towels ( even the ones we hung up to use again ) and not replace them , other times they would replace some towels and not others . they would also come at vastly different times . hotel service this hotel loves to nickel and dime . i asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it ' d be N . no other hotel i ' ve ever stayed in ( regardless of how many stars it had ) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room . late checkout ? charge . shuttle from the airport ? - nonexistent . the front deck ' gold passport ' people can ' t even figure out how to get you points . in the end i will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay ( not that i plan on staying at a hyatt property again ) . by the way , apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing . i was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying N . the hotel the hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower . the west tower has some underground amenities no one uses . the bars are extremely expensive , but the drinks are tasty . the food is edible too , but i wouldn ' t brag about it . the hotel is not directly on the main street ( michigan ) , but it ' s not too far from it . it ' s right next to the boat tours and , in some rooms , has a view of the navy pier . our room faced another hotel , but we could see a sliver of the pier . the hotel is walking distance from millennium park . it ' s a bit of a walk to any of the l stations though . if you want a wonderful breakfast place , go to wildberry on randolph st . it ' ll have you waiting to eat for a long time , but it ' s yummy ! conclusion i get better rooms , better beds , better service , and better amenities at a holiday inn express or a best western . save the money and stay elsewhere . 
we booked a room at the hilton chicago for two nights to stay the weekend , but upon arrival our reservation could not be found . i even provided the hotel with our confirmation number , but it still wasn ' t available ! fortunately , another reservation had not shown up so there was space available for us . once we settled into our room for the night ( after a long flight ) , there was a bad odor coming from the bathroom . apparently the cleaning solution they used was tainted and they had to re-clean it after our arrival . needless to say , with both of these poor experiences in just one night , i will be hesitant to ever stay in this hotel again , let alone any other hilton around . please consider someplace else before the hilton chicago ! 
i wrote an email to the sales reservation team a week ago . . . . . . . . . i ' m still waiting for a response . all i wanted to do was book a suite for N nights but they failed to even reply with an offer . we have now booked another hotel who can be bothered to answer emails . shame you missed out , coz we tip like rockerfellers ! ! 
great , awesome service . seriously , the people are amazing . that , and the nice bartender who serves after last call ( at least , that ' s what i was told - i of course don ' t drink ) save this place from one star . but seriously blah , small , non-luxury rooms with beds that are just really uncomfortable - and for a card rate of N night , even in a major city , the rooms better be awesome . i ' ve had waaaay better rooms in nyc for N night . ( good thing i had a corporate rate . ) and my room was not especially big , despite what the below reviews say . but here ' s the main problem . even on the Nth floor , the guy blowing the whistle to summon cabs downstairs woke me up at N , and N N , and N N , and N N , and N N , and N N , and . . . and , well , i finally got up and said screw it , let ' s greet the day . maybe everyone else was already up , but somehow i doubt it . am now safely ensconced in the four seasons . 
our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke . we were not allowed to change rooms . also , the concierge staff was unprofessional , telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed . the location was great . hotel is dated , but would still be a nice place to stay if it weren ' t for customer service issues . 
move beyond the rock theme and it ' s an average hotel with a good location . room was unbearably hot and the controls on the wall did nothing . thank goodness the window opened or we ' d have been cooked alive . that of course let in all the noise from michigan ave . this combined with our neighbors door slamming against their thrown door lock every N seconds made for a lively setting . room was stuffy too . burn marks on carpet lead me to believe nasty smokers had occupied room on many occasions . wife happy w aveda in bath . base bar was good with great service and well made drinks tho pricey . 
we stayed at the hard rock on january Nth , N for N night . it is located on michigan ave , just two blocks from the mag mile , two blocks from millenium park , and five blocks from the chicago art institute . our hotel room was very nice with views of michigan ave and a unusually comfy bed . the hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms . parking was N for valet and N for self parking . the staff was very helpful with all of our request . 
the room was very spacious with very nice , colorful decorating . the beds felt like lying on a cloud , and there were four pillows on each bed , two fiberfill and two down so you could choose which you like better . the bathroom was very nice also . overall , i was very pleased with the stay . you had to show your room key to get in after ten p . m . i thought that was a good security issue . it has a great location too , close to downtown . i would recommend it . the decorations were very classy . most hotels have two of the same framed art , boring bedspreads and lumpy pillows . the hyatt regency was just the opposite . 
when i first checked the hotel ' s website and reviews i was completely sure that it would be a great hotel and i would have a great time there . but i was totally disappointed once i got there , first of all i asked for a nonsmoking room because i hate the odor , and in fact they gave me a non smoking room which smelled worse than a smoking one , it was smelly in a bad way it smelled like sweat and dirty laundry or something like that . then when i was trying to enjoy the view , they windows were all dusty and dirty . so i decided to get out of the room , and i went to the pool and it wasnt what i expected either it has nothing to do with the picture . so i went back to my room and called room service for them to complain about the smell and dirt so they gave me another room which smelled even worse ! . i was about to freak out so they gave me some deodorant and it was tolerable the bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom eww ! , its all i can say about this hotel . 
stayed there three nights from N N N through N N N . chechecked in about N N am . had to wait about N minutes because of specials requests i had made . room was quiet , and comfortable . marked improvement over last time i stayed there ( about N years ago ) . the renovations were great , and maintained the old time charm of the hotel . 
my boyfriend and i decided to stay at the conrad chicago for our anniversary . the second we walked in , we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room . white luxurous bedding on the king bed , plasma t . v . subroofer surround sound speakers ( my boyfriend was more impressed than me , as i reminded him that we didn ' t come to chicago for the hotel room ) very large bathroom w tub and separate stand-in shower , granite countertops , his her robes and slippers . the view wasn ' t great , but we were on the Nth floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us . not a large room by any means , but again . . . we didn ' t go to the city for the hotel room . it was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room . we got a great rate on it ( N at hotels . com ) but i think the going rate is usually closer to mid N ' s . i ' ve stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one . we will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city . 
a few nights ago , i stayed at the hotel allegro in the theater district of chicago . i ' d heard some amazing things about the great food , and how friendly the staff were . upon arrival , the service at the front desk and the bellman was fantastic ! they treated me as if i stayed there all the time ! the rooms were cozy , with very comfortable beds that helped me sleep through my jet lag . i ordered breakfast the next morning , and had room service bring it up . the meal was brought up only a few minutes after ordering , and was delicious ! i would recommend these accommodations for anyone traveling , or any families staying in chicago , as the rooms were very reasonably priced , and is a short distance to lots of great sites . next time i come through chicago , i will definitely be staying here ! 
a bunch of us got together and we had a great time in this hotel we asked for limes and they gave us like a punch bowl of them the rooms were so awesome you really have to see it to believe how extradionary this hotel is i love the decorations on every floor and being surrounded by such elegance . will definitely stay here again 
i would not recommend staying at the swissotel in chicago . i was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times . she had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since i would be arriving first . the ' night manager ' at the hotel was extremely rude and told me i could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation . ( this was their mistake ) they told me i could sit in the lobby for N hours until my friend arrived . they did nothing to try and help me until i stood there and complained for twenty minutes . i can ' t believe that a ' manager ' would treat a customer this way . there are other great hotels in chicago . this hotel is not worth the aggravation ! 
i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago during labor day weekend , huge mistake ! when i got to my room everything seemed okay , until i went into the bathroom . there was a steady drip noise coming from the bathroom sink and no matter how hard i turned the knob , it would not stop . there was none of the usual bath soap nor was it stocked with any toilet paper . it also seems that housekeeping just swept everything behind the toilet as i saw a wad of hair , and scraps of tissue behind the bowl . i called the front desk and ask them to send someone up to stock the bathroom and clean it . while i was waiting i turned on the air conditioning because it was kind of warm in there . . . . the a . c . started blowing out hot , musky air and had the room smelling horrible . i made another phone call to front desk and complained and asked them to switch my room . they told me all they had available was a double bed and it was near an elevator . i was so frustrated between the odor and the steady drip i was hearing i had no choice but to take it . when i moved to the new room , there was now a large damp spot near the window which smelled very strongly of beer and the light in my bathroom would not turn on . front desk once again sent someone to my room to fix the problems and finally N hours later , i was able to relax and settle in . hard rock is definitely not what it used to be and for that reason , i will not be staying there again . 
we stayed N nights over spring break in what was called a jr suite but resembled a wide hallway with a window at one end . bad cheap furniture , carpet that stops short of reaching the wall , a tv that sticks out into the middle of the room and a window that whistled when the wind blew . bad bad experience . find aother hotel plenty in the area . 
i had a large , roomy , clean N bed room with a large bathroom , big minibar snack assortment and was tucked away nicely in the corner so that there was no hall noise . customer service here was absolutely incredible , from the doorman to the front desk , to the gentleman who delivered my toothpaste to my room when i requested it . sure , you get a little outside noise , but it is a big city , that is not unusual ! i really enjoyed my stay here and strongly recommend it . 
on my recent weekend stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel , i was very disappointed . i chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area . from the look of the website , my expectations were above average . i felt the website led one to believe it was upscale . upon my arrival , i checked in . i was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room . as i was settling into the room , i began to notice a general lack of cleanliness . i noticed spiderwebs in corners , and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom . also , it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room , however , it did not work and i had to call down for them to bring a replacement . i , as a guest should not have had to call down , these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in . i found the restaurants on site to be crowded , loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal . i did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items . overall , my experience was not good and the next time i am in the area , i will chose another hotel for my stay . 
i have to say that the hard rock hotel in chicago is a cool place to stay . when i first got there , getting checked in was very fast . the lady at the counter was nice and well spoken . the bellhop had out bags into the room very fast . the room was very hip and cool . there was musical items all over the place . i really loved the beatles art that was in my bathroom . after being in the room a few minutes , i got a call from the front desk asking me if i liked my room . they also asked me if i would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if i needed to use their business room . i needed some things shipped while i was there , which they had supplies to help me with that . after getting some work done , i called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around . they gave me information for N awesome places . i left and came back after having a night out on the town . they were very understanding that i was a wee bit out of it . i had more than pizza that night if you get my drift . when i got back to my room , the bed was so comfortable . i feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep . in the morning i order breakfast , which was really a philly cheese steak . they will make anything you want anytime of day . i checked out by Nam with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed . thank you hard rock , you rock ! 
swisses chicago nice , but lacking in some pretty basic expectations in our modern era in a great spot along the chicago waterfront . a spacious room is a comfortable respite from the city , but don ' t plug in your computer or hope for a free donut in the morning . no free wifi here , or affordable breakfast , or a free swim in the pool . just a ten-dollar-a-night charge for internet , an on average N plate for breakfast , and another N bucks a night for the ' fitness center . ' i ' ve stayed in small town no star motels where wifi is free as part of a N dollar room . get with it - this is N ! no free breakfast is not so bad as you probably ate too much for dinner and don ' t need it anyway , but for those of us who aren ' t charging everything to the company card some basics would be appreciated . coffee , milk , oj stale donuts , , muffins , maybe some cereal . throw us a little something besides fruit flavored water in the lobby . with regards to swimming , this is another one wrapped up in a fitness center fee but the pool is only open till N pm plan accordingly . this all makes the N fiji bottled water in the room seem like a bargain . summation drop the fees , the nickel dimming of folks , and just charge what you need to charge to compliment what is otherwise a nice hotel . 
swissotel chicago don ' t let the shiny bright lights of the windy city fool you . this hotel does not provide the luxurious experience or stay as you might expect . firstly , the provided appliances and room gadgets are of relatively low quality . for example , the window curtain for a small bedroom window nearly broke off it ' s support after trying to open them for a city view . the bedroom bed ( king-sized ) makes rattling noises on every turn of the body you make . of coarse , this isn ' t too bad once you fall asleep , until then , it sucks ! in regards to room services , the hotel workers are not all that friendly . they talk to you in a stubborn way , as if they just want to get it done and over with , just to get their pay-check . yes they do all basic room service orders , but it is not all too friendly . overall , this hotel has it ' s much noticeable flaws on top of the positives this hotel has ( which is a bare minimum ) . with that being said , i would not recommend this hotel for anyone around the downtown chicago area in need for at least average hotel services . however , if sub-par service and quality is okay for you , then this hotel could be suitable , however , considering it ' s prices , you are better off looking elsewhere for hotel rooms . 
my stay at the hotel monaco recently was fantastic . we got a very reasonable price for our stay ( especially since we were a aaa member ) , and there was plenty of perks to utilize in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few . another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that , upon request , the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room . how cool is that ! the staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable . i would definitely recommend the hotel monaco to anyone in the downtown chicago area . 
when making my reservation , i made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer memorial day . the staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate . the suites are very spacious , clean , cozy , and comfortable . upon on arriving staff were friendly , willing to exceed expectations , and serve me with enthusiasm . the hot breakfast was delicious each morning . the beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest . i would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other chicago hotels . 
i stayed at the swissotel chicago while i was on holiday recently and i have to say , that you definitely get what you pay for ! i was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised . i was sorely mistaken . the first problem i had was when i got there they told me that they had double booked the suite i had reserved . they gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room . i should have left then but i decided to keep an open mind . after we were all settled in my husband and i went to the palm restaurant . my husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times . each time we asked them to fix it , they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff . after dinner , we went back to our room . just sitting on the bed i knew it would be a long night . the mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them . when i went to the restroom , the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons ! my husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one . we just didn ' t want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in . i tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional . he pressed really had and hurt my back . perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session ! for lunch we tried geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way . i decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later ! once i got sick , i was done . i went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because i was not going to sleep there one more night . i made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable . after a lot of arguing , he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel . this was the worst place i had ever stayed ! i think a super N motel would have been more luxurious ! 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers for three days while i was in chicago on business . this was quite possibly the best hotel experience that i have ever had , which says a lot considering the fact that i stay in hotels quite frequently . the staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating . they made sure that i had absolutely everything that i could want or need . their friendliness came across in a very genuine manner , not fake or forced like some employees can be . the room itself was to die for . the bedding was so soft and the room was extremely clean and well kept . i cannot speak highly enough about the quality of the mattress and bedding ! because of the mattress and bedding , i got the best three nights of sleep i ' ve ever had . the views of downtown chicago were absolutely amazing from my room . the way the city lights sparkled stole my heart and almost made me want to move to chicago . the food was amazing also . i made it a point to eat at all three of the hotel ' s restaurants and visit the bar while i was there . my favorite restaurant of the three was shula ' s steak house . the chi bar , the hotel ' s bar , was amazingly designed and the drinks were great . all in all , i would rate my experience a N out of N . there is nowhere else in downtown chicago that compares to the sheraton . 
as a former chicagoan , i ' m appalled at the amalfi hotel chicago . first of all , i was expecting luxury and hospitality , neither of which i received . there ' s an experience designer who is supposed to be like a ' personal concierge , ' but my experience with my ed was terrible . i felt like he was trying to pressure me into staying more days than i wanted to . not only that , but i couldn ' t understand what he was saying most of the time because he was talking so fast . when i finally got to my room , i was disappointed with the quality of the furniture and the room ' s cleanliness . i had to ask for a maid to come and give me clean towels because some of the towels in the bathroom were damp . on top of that , the bed was messily done i could have done a better job on my own bed at home . i was angry at this point , because i was paying a lot of money for every night i was staying at amalfi , and i didn ' t expect to be greeted with wet towels . i needed to use the wi-fi to download some important documents , and the internet was surprisingly slow . even a very basic hotel or motel could have offered better , maybe even faster internet access . when i finally checked out of the amalfi , i made sure that my supposed personal concierge knew all of the problems i ' d had with my room and the hotel . i was glad to see the amalfi getting smaller in the mirror as i drove away ! 
during my recent trip to chicago , i stayed at the ambassador east hotel , which is located in the downtown are . i have to say i was not pleased with my stay there . for one , i had requested that my room have one king sized bed when i called for reservations , however , when i arrived , the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and i had to settle with two double sized beds . when i told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation , he just shrugged his shoulders . when i got to my room , i found it to be very small . there was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room . there wasn ' t , although i did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed . at night , there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel . i did not figure what the convention was for , but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise . i called the front desk several times complaining about the noise . each time they assured me they would deal with the noise , but the racket never dissipated and i finally gave up getting any sleep . i did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me , the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble i had been having at the hotel , but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble . when i left the ambassador east , i vowed that if i ever returned to chigaco , i would never stay at this place again . 
my fiancee and i were looking for a modern , upscale venue for our wedding reception . we have found the perfect location at the james . from the ballroom to the personal attention to detail , each step was handled with care . now that we have locked in our date , we are more excited than ever . thank you staff at the james for making our day even more special ! 
the ambassador hotel is located in downtown chicago right off lakeshore drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown . i would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown . the rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay , when in fact , we had a pretty unpleasant experience . it started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in . i have no problem with this , except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him . after checking in , we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed . the pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms , they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way . the beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows , they took over an hour to arrive . i will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future . 
the hotel monaco is a hotel that some say has ' character ' . i found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and ' contemporary furniture ' . i found the fact that you have to be a member of the kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least . because of their pet-friendly policy , our room smelled like a wet dog , and a canine ' guest ' down the hall kept us up all night with his howling . perhaps the dog would have howled less if the N-hour room service were faster . we waited an hour and a half for our order meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at N N pm until midnight ! all in all , we would not stay here again . the views and location are great , but for the money there are better places to stay in chicago . 
my family has dubbed the omni in chicago ' fawlty towers ' because there always seems to be something wrong . this time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long . it smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing . the bedroom window was bolted shut , so we couldn ' t get any fresh air into the room . with the amount that the omni is charging for a room , they should have a much better ventilation system . 
great location and quality place to stay . lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great . staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars . coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality . the hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room ( compliments of the hotel ) for me this showed that they care about their guests many thanks to all it was a great place to stay . 
i recently stayed at this hotel with my family ( N-N N-N ) . we had a terrific experience . i landed the hotel through priceline for N per night and paid an additional N per night for a suite on the Nst floor . my two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the Nnd floor was easily accessible . i found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating . i would love to stay here again . 
we have just returned from N nights at the conrad chicago , everthing about the hotel was excellent . wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class . great view from our room . the hotels location is great , right in the centre of the magnificent mile . a wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the conrad . 
when my husband and i went to amalfi hotel we were expecting first class service . first , when we got there we learned they had given our room to another guest and we were not able to get a suite like we had booked . room service took forever and the food was subpar . supposedly they had planners to help explore the area , but we requested one and never saw hide nor hair of a planner . the spa staff seemed incompetent . the only positive things i can say about amalfi hotel was that the rooms were stylish as advertised . i give this hotel two stars . 
i was in chicago for a convention and stayed at the sheraton towers . i had a negative experience because i got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso . it made attending the conference uncomfortable . the staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room , as the conference had booked the whole hotel . after the sheets were changed , i got no more bites , thankfully . despite this , i managed to enjoy the stay . i liked the location next to the river , and the fact that it was easy to walk to magnificent mile . 
we traveled to chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city . to our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations . gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one . . . elevator that is working to the second floor to register . our first room was recently renovated . . . . . stark white walls , no amenities at all . guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room . modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud , a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair . no fride , coffee maker , iron , or even a picture on the stark white walls . we asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the Nth floor . while this room was attractive , we were greeted to jack hammers at N every morning . the staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking . lake shore drive 
 ' barely average hotel at premium price ' this hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby . i have stayed in the conrad in dublin , ireland and in hongkong both of which i loved . i was looking forward to staying at this hotel . i was extremely disappointed . i am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the conrad name . pros elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers location located in the heart of chicago disappointments - stained and worn out carpet in hallway - room was small - phone and lightbulb in room were broken - breakfast was N for two people , service was slow and impolite - hotel rationed soaps and shampoo , one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days , i felt like i was staying at a budget hotel . and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct . i would not stay at this hotel again , it just is not worth the premium price they charge . 
our stay at the sofitel was definitely below our expectations . the staff was less than nice to me after i waited several minutes until i was noticed . at first , my reservation could not be found , so i was provided a spare room . the hotel was fairly neat . however , once we got to the room , and onto the bed , we found the bed to be noisy . just sitting on it made a squeaking noise that was unpleasant . we immediately called down to the front desk and informed them of our concern . we were told to go back downstairs to settle things out . once we got downstairs , we were provided with another room number . however , we had to wait half an hour for another room to be cleaned and prepared . for such a well reviewed hotel , i was highly disappointed with the amount of time i had to spend to get settled into a room . 
i recently had the misfortune of staying at the swissotel chicago hotel in illinois , and it was one of the worse travel experiences i have ever had ! first off the shuttle that was suppose to pick us up at the air port was late by over an hour ! then when the bus finally came , the driver was nice enough but it was clearly his first day on the job since he got lost going back to the hotel . finally when we got to the hotel they didn t seem to have our reservation for the Nnd room . ( my wife and i stay in one room , our teenage girls usually stay in their own room . ) so after the very rude clerk at the corner did nothing to help us we were forced to pack into one room . we would have rented another room but they had no vacancies left . they hotel did have a large occupancy rate , but that only slowed up everything else . our room service was late almost everytime we ordered , and the hotel restaurant never had a wait less then N mins . the quality of the room was fair enough , but it was almost impossible to get room service , we could not get fresh towels for almost N days ! we were suppose to stay for a week , we left after N days and found a different hotel to stay at . i would not recommend this place to anyone ! stay away ! 
our experience at hotel monaco was wonderful . my fiancee and i stayed two nights in the tranquility suite--absolutely exquisite ! we had wonderful room service and practically never had to leave our room . ( except to go to the gym ) i was able to do yoga on the trip because they had yoga accessories in the room ! i was surprised by that . this hotel was the definition of ' luxury ' , they had anything we needed and more . my fiancee said we were staying at a really ' nice ' hotel but i had no idea until we walked in the door . as soon as you walk in you are met with the charming atmosphere and luxurious decor . i have to admit , cheesy as it may sound , i felt like a queen all weekend long ) most of the time i have at least one problem with the hotel i stayed at , but i have to say at this point i have no complaints at all about hotel monaco and i will definitely look forward to staying there again during my next trip to chicago . 
the location of this hotel was superb ! our room was spacious and the view was spectacular . the staff at the hotel treated my family with the upmost respect . one of the front desk staff even helped my five year old tie his shoes while we were waiting for the porter . we will stay here again and advise our friends to do the same . 
the good - excellent location , neighborhood is pretty and quiet , close to shops , restaurants , the waterfront , close to train subway station , etc the bad - very old decor , which isn ' t a big deal , but the tv was smaller than my pc monitor . we were supposed to have a king bed ( anniversary trip ) we were given two double beds and told we would be switched - that never happened . the shower tub was stopped up so bad that after i showered my husband waited over one hour for the tub to drain before he could shower . who wants to shower in someone else ' s dirty water even if it is your wife . the indifferent - room was a decent size , bed linens were okay , staff was mediocre to marginally rude 
under the gloss of a nice building , friendly staff , and a wild set of items in the minibar , this is somewhat below-average hotel . in particular , the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable i ever encountered . after two nights , my wife and i were practically cripped by bed pain . we complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room , but the other room was furnished identically . the owners of the omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts . i should not be lying on the floor , trying to unkink my back , thinking longingly of the last red roof inn i visited . 
we stayed N pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel . the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too . . . also nice view from the roof-bar . the area is pleasant nice and clean , minute walk to magnificant mile , easy to walk around to the lake . friendly stuff , very clean , great warm hotel to stay in . it does not have the ' big hotel ' factory-like feeling - more like home ) 
i have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled fairmont chicago millennium park and all i can say is fabulous ! the modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in . the front desk is a work of art . i stayed in the anything but standard guestroom . the modern decor , the beautiful artwork , this is the most relaxing hotel room i have ever stayed in . the bathroom is like having your own personal spa , all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time . the rainfall showerhead is to die for people . if you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa . great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa . i wish i could have stayed longer , next time i will be sure to add a couple of ' me ' days to my trip and i ' m sure i won ' t even think of going outside those doors . 
i recently stayed at the sheraton for an onsite conference , and had problems from the getgo . i had problems with the check-in even though i had made arrangements beforehand to pay by company check and they have a credit card on file . the front desk clerks were kind of rude . the room was okay , not worth what i paid for . the sheets were kind of messed up and the room didn ' t feel very clean . they also charge for internet access , which is ridiculous . most hotels provide free wi-fi . the conference food , which i assume is catered by the hotel , was not good at all . on the day of the check out , i had arranged for a late check-out , but in the morning before check-out time , someone else got assigned to my room and was attempting to get in ! then they locked me out of my room with my luggage still in there before my check out time . all in all , i would recommend staying somewhere else . 
we will not be back to this hotel . there are several reasons for this , but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight . our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it . the room was ok , but the beds were hard and uncomfortable . the room next door had their tv turned up very loudly , and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option . they didn ' t offer any other solutions . the food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests . overall , we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in chicago . 
i was scheduled to stay at the hard rock in june , but had to cancel . i had booked the hotel back in january . when i called six days before my arrival date to cancel , i was told that i would be charged for my stay because i did not cancel seven days in advance . i told the customer service rep that i had never heard of such a practice , but she said , in a very smug manner , that i was told back in january . i honestly don ' t remember being told of the cancellation policy , but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel . i , for one , will never stay at a hard rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice . 
the room looked like a country club prison cell . flat paint on all walls , doors , trims , not especially clean . a platform bed and a long shelf desk with an iron chair . no amenities , no homey touches , nothing on the walls . no room service , no gym , no concierge . the air conditioner clunked off and on all night . on the plus side , the bedding was nice and there was a large screen tv . don ' t waste your money . 
my family and i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers with the belief our stay would be a N star experience . that was the farthest thing from the truth . the staff was very rude and unhelpful . the hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff . once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over . so overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room . as we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest . my wife went to the bathroom , and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor . that was just the beginning of our bad stay . after being in the room for about N minutes , there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the chicago police . there was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room ! my family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched . there was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched . come to find out after video surveillance , the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana . needless to say , our stay at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers was the worst part of our vacation and i would not recommend anyone to stay at this place . 
an excellent vacation destination . clean rooms and many nice features . superb location and proximity to local attractions . staff is always friendly and eager to help . highly recommended to anyone looking to travel to this area . 
i just had a conference there . they have bed bugs--i have all these bug bites and it itches like hell . food wise , we had chicken both times for lunch ( maybe my company was saving some ) but they should at least prepare them differently . it looked like they did the same style chicken but change the underlying ' bed ' upon which it is served . for dinner , we had filet mignon and crab cake . sounds good right ? wrong ! the filet mignon seems to be N N the thickness of what i have seen and it was tough . i thought the filet mignon is suppose to be tenderest part of the cow ? ? ? ? also , the crab cakes was a bit too salty . finally the portions were tiny and left me lacking . in asking my co-worker , most seem to be blase about the food . however , some seem to like the burger ( which they went to substitute ) at the palms , which is a restaurant inside the hotel , just off the lobby . on the positive note , the dessert for dinner was good . otherwise , i ' d recommend another hotel . in the meantime , when i got home , i make sure to bring everything straight to the washer dryer to disinfect ( even strip down ) . but , damn , i ' m still itchin ' 
affinia chicago is one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at . not in my life have i been treated so poorly as a guest . the front desk was very unaccommodating when i asked for a smoke free room when they had made an error in my reservation . there was no bellhop available for some strange reason so i had to move all my luggage to the elevator and down a long hallway to my room by myself . if it wasn ' t already a bad stay , i ordered room service and it took over an hour and a half to be delivered . if they didn ' t have air conditioning in the room , i would say just about everything about this stay was completely miserable . if you are traveling to chicago for any kind of business , i hope you decide not to choose this hotel . i was quite surprised , i like chicago as a city but this stay definitely made my trip quite a negative experience . 
i asked for a high floor away from the elevator and that is what i got . the room was pleasantly decorated , functional and very clean . i didn ' t need a whole lot of service but when i did they were pleasant and prompt . i used the fitness center which was well equipped and everything was in working order . it is in a great location at one end of the michigan avenue shopping district . 
this is a superb hotel . the rooms are huge , including a luxurious bathroom . it is clean and service is first rate . breakfast was excellent ( and complimentary for hilton honors members ) . hotel is in a good location , and is connected to a mall , which i imagine would be a great asset in the chicago winter . next time i go to chicago , i will stay here for sure . 
we booked an american girl place package at fairmont chicago millennium park . told that we ' d have a room with a nice view , apparently their idea of a nice view is of another building ! ended up getting a smoking room when we booked non-smoking , cost us N more a night than we were told , and staff was incredibly rude at the restaurant . would never recommend coming here for any reason whatsoever ! 
although much too overpriced in my opinion , the hotel is spotless . the staff was very courteous . and the spa service ? was a god send ! in a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so i didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! love it ! going back for my anniversary 
this is a great hotel , in a great location , in a great city ! ! ! there ' s a cool bar area to the left of the main door when you can hang out and all of the staff are quite funky and look the part . the rooms are spacious and well thought out with a picture of some old rocker ( s ) in the bathroom . . . i had the beatles and although they ' re not my cup of tea , i was happy enough with george staring back me ! the hotel itself is on the corner of michigan ave and a short walk will take you to the fabulous shops and restaurants . . . try the ' cheesecake factory ' or have a meal cocktail on the top floor of the ' john hancock centre ' . a slighty longer walk ( or a short cab ride ) and you ' re at the ' navy pier ' - take a ride on the ' seadog ' then enjoy all the fun of the fair . . . or maybe a drink or two whilst listening to some great live music . this hotel ( city ) is well worth checking out . 
we stayed two nights . we were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant . he was very cold . our room was very , very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days . the room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet . we were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink , the door to the bar was locked . we called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really wasn ' t and were told they were short staffed , ' sorry ' . what ? ? are you running here ? you are a hotel in the country ' s third largest city and your amenities are open at whim ? this was our first and last visit to a kimpton hotel . 
the pictures on this website sure are deceiving ! in real life the palmer house hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be ! the cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning ! now , granted it was only N minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but i thought that was the only weird thing i would have to put up with on that trip . it wasn ' t ! they charged us for a mini-bar fee when we don ' t even drink , no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway ! they also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time , so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip . we had to spend N extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we ' d planned ! and then it wasn ' t as good because the tour guide wasn ' t there and we got lost ! my husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one . it was terrible ! i certainly won ' t be staying here again ! 
very friendly staff - and helpfull with whatever ? you may have . don ' t miss the wine bar and the hot chocolate bar . spacious rooms . perfect for business and for theatre guests . a little quiet area during weekends . 
i needed a place to stay for a business conference in chicago . while higher priced , the reviews online plus four stars convinced me . granted the hotel itself is beautiful , but looks can be deceiving . the pictures online show beautiful white linens but mine were a bit grey . the restaurant ( cafe des architect ) had amazing food , so that was a plus , but the service was awful . i had to wait twenty minutes for a glass of water ! my remote wouldn ' t work for the tv and the air conditioner was far too loud . the hotel must ' ve been hosting a convention because i could hear music all through the night . the housekeeping was good but happened too infrequently . i called twice for more fresh towels . if i wanted this type of experience , i ' d have stayed at a lower-end hotel . same experience , less money ! 
our check-in was great , but then we got into our room . the carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower ( open concept ) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it . the mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room . our final hotel bill reflected N charges that were incorrect . . . . N for the mini bar which we did not utilize , and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ( N instead of N ) . when my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected , he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee . it was adjusted , but not without confrontation . there was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same ' mysterious ' mini bar charge on her bill as well , and was trying to have it corrected . overall , the location of the hard rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one , 
i recently stayed here for the chicago triathlon . this was my third stay at this hotel . i have not had any issues until this visit . after the Nrd day of my stay i requested my room to be serviced and returned to what i thought was a clean room . while getting out of bed i was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet . i must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because i found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards . i had not noticed it before so i was very disgusted . we notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped . we returned to the room after Npm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor . after making a complaint to the customer service i have gotten no reply from the hotel . considering the price point of this downtown hotel i would think that they would try to live up the N star rating but instead they have failed miserably . luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown chicago . 
we just returned from a weekend at the palmer house . we normally stay north on the mag mile but wanted to be closer to soldier ' s stadium and the art insitiute this time . we were able to upgrade to a suite upon arrival at half the price that we paid for a regular room at the four seasons two weeks earlier . what a suite ! ! it was huge . the basic living room , dining room and kitchen wet bar area was one large room . up to three additional bedrooms can be added by the use of connecting doors . all rooms were spotlessly clean . they even smelled good . lovely soaps , robes , etc . lots of large closets . the bathrooms were older but well maintained . much better than the ones at the four seasons . the furniture was nice but worn in some spots . the beds and linens were excellent . room service was fast . the food and service were great . the pool and workout areas were clean and well maintained . we had one small problem with a burned out lightbulb in one of the lamps . maintaince arrived quickly with a new bulb . they wouldn ' t allow me to tip them ! ! check-in was somewhat slow as the hotel has been sold out for several weeks . this is a very large hotel , so they have to move a lot of people and rooms . also , the hotel does not have views as it is configured like an ' e ' . all in all , the palmer house is a good value for the money . 
i ' m a frequent business traveler and often in chicago on trips . at times , it ' s very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown chicago , and this was one of those times . i recently had to pay almost N for one night at the allegro . it was absolutely not worth it . the hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers , so check-in and check-out were very slow . there were very few elevators , which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests . the morning i checked out , our elevator stopped at every single floor from the Nth floor down to the lobby , but the elevator was almost completely full when i got on at the Nth floor , so i can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs . the room was extremely small and cramped , even though it had obviously been renovated recently . the tv , bed , and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel . still , the rate was way overpriced for such a small room . the best thing about the allegro was the room service , which was prompt . the food was good , and the prices were very reasonable for room service . from now on , if my regular hotels are booked , i ' ll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just isn ' t worth it . 
as i sit here in my Nth floor room at the hotel allegro , i listen to the conversation between husband and wife in the room on my left . she seems to have a cough today . in the room on my right , someone seems to use the restroom quite a bit . i hear the water running and the toilet flushing . i also hear footsteps in the room upstairs . even roadside motels have better insulation between the rooms . i ' ve stayed in about a dozen kimpton hotels and this is by far the worst . the room is dirty - the carpet covered in spots and stains , the curtains with a large brown stain ( i don ' t want to guess what it is ) , paint peeling , rips in the wallpaper . the decor is a bit garish , with pepto-bismol covered walls , green and yellow pillows and the filthy brown and white carpet . the size of the room is fine and the bed comfortable , but i ' m so glad i had earplugs to avoid listening to others ' toilets flushing all night . the location is good for downtown theaters or business . only three elevators serve this N storey building and they run very slowly . chicago has many nice hotel options -- many i ' ve enjoyed quite a bit . unfortunately this is not one of them , and even more unfortunate for me i ' m stuck here for two more nights . i was looking forward to staying here because most kimptons are hip , comfortable and attractive . this is not . 
hotel monaco is a luxurious hotel situated in the heart of chicago . it is blooming with historical elegance combined with modern day amenities . i had the pleasant experience of staying at this facility . perfectly set up to handle any business traveler , sight seer , convention , wedding or shopper . they offer top notch service from reservations to wedding planning or even asking for a good local restaurant . i noticed that world travelers are welcome here with some of the employees ability to speak foreign languages . guest rooms offer stylish charm and can relax even the unrelaxable . in room spa ' s and top notch room service is second to none . the south water kitchen is a true downtown chicago restaurant offering mid-west american dishes and several signature cocktails . i know that anytime i visit chicago , hotel monaco is my place to be . 
recently stayed at the intercontinental chicago magnificent mile and was a little underwhelmed . it ' s convenient location did not compensate for the fact that the property is very old and definitely in need of some updating and renovating . there is a definite need for some noise control -- everything and everybody could be heard from inside the room . hearing the plumbing from other guests ' rooms was particularly annoying . the fitness facilities are really hyped but unfortunately they were not free to use ( at least it wasn ' t included with my booking choice ) . parking was pretty expensive so if you really don ' t need it , don ' t use it . overall , just dissappointed that the great location wasn ' t matched with great accommodations . 
we recently completed our first visit to chicago and were pleasantly surprised by the affinia chicago hotel where we stayed . the hotel has gone to great lengths to offer extra services to their guests , including individual pillow choices , complimentary kits with items designed to enhance the city visit , and fine dining in two on-site restaurants , one of them roof-top with amazing city views . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago . 
we also just returned from a frigid weekend in chicago . i booked the ambassador east because of its great rate , N . N with my aaa card and we were delighted . yes , the rooms show some signs of wear , but the warmth and charm far make up for it . this was such a pleasant change from the sleek , modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels . we became members of the i preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in . we had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom . we had wonderful food at the pump room which is classic . our oatmeal there was so tastefully served , i ' d love to have some right now ! the location was great . had it been normal winter weather , we could have easily walked to michigan avenue for shopping , but due to the minus N degree windchills , we opted for a cab which was less than a N . N fare . we also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all . we would definitely stay here again ! 
upon entering my hotel room at the palmer house hilton i immediately turned my nose up at a foul odor coming from the bathroom . after placing my bags on a poorly made bed i walked into the bathroom to find the last visitor had failed to flush the toilet . i immediately called room service and asked for a new room . they apologetically told me there were no other rooms available but would send someone right up to handle the mess . after oh around a half hour of waiting a very angry maid knocked at my door . she seemed very irritated to have to deal with the mess and looked at me as if i should have been the one dealing with it . after the room was cleaned up she turned to me as if asking for a tip . i hesitated and she angrily stormed out of the room . i thought things would run smoother and tried to relax with an ipod . yes you can use your ipod in the room however what they fail to mention is the constant white noise because the signals are so poor . and nothing could compare to the remote control heating and air . when i was able to get the buttons on the remote to work the temperature seemed to change on its own . if i wanted hot air it would slowly get colder and vise versa . after giving up on a nice television program i decided to retire to bed . egyptian sheets ? right ! all i can say is i found myself early to check out and in a new hotel within the next hour . if you value your back do not rent a room from this hotel . 
my parents booked five nights at the james for its location and good reviews . they had a terrible first night with defective air conditioning and not much sympathy from the management staff . they sent engineers three times to repair the unit , and they insisted that it was getting cooler when it wasn ' t , under the rationale that the summer temperature is high and the filter was dirty . at my parents ' request , the hotel staff moved them to a lower floor with a queen instead of a king and with neither a rate discount nor an effort to compensate them for the inconvenience and discomfort . the hotel insisted they were fully booked and reluctantly gave them that room . don ' t book this hotel in the summer . and by the way , there is no view at all from any of the rooms - except for the windows of other buildings . 
my stay at the omni chicago hotel was wonderful ! i had a last minute business trip , in downtown chicago , and this is the first place i looked at . i looked at the pictures they show online of the rooms , and the facility itself , and i simply fell in love with the place . the indoor pool , outdoor sun decks , massages , this place really has all you could possibly need , whether you ' re on vacation , or needing a little stress relieved from a busy week . i mean they even have high speed wireless internet ! i would definitely recommend the omni chicago hotel , if you want a great place to stay near downtown chicago ! 
i loved it here ! my boyfriend and i booked this hotel online and were a little worried what it would be like since we paid next to nothing for our N nights here . ( i ' ve paid more to stay at the santa barbara motel N ! ! ) gorgeous hotel , great staff , fun bar lounge area and we were most impressed with the room . the large windows in the bathroom were the best--i took a bubble bath one night while looking at the views of navy pier and the skyline . i remember thinking , ' this is really living . . . ' the room was comfortable and quiet , again with great views just like in the bathroom . chicago is a wonderful town--i have nothing but good things to say about it . can ' t wait to come back ! 
my daughter and i woke in the morning wanting to go swimming . when we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum . i then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool , one white phone and one emergency red phone , to call the desk . both were out of service ! ! ! ! i am glad there wasn ' t an emergency . as we were exited the pool area i ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean . . . . never heard back . one more thing , in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table . within N minutes my N year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding . they need to update this piece of furniture . 
oh my goodness , this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown chicago . it all went well enough checking in , but them went downhill . there was so much left to be desired . the biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet , i kid you not ! i guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it , i just don ' t know . but for the prices they charge , this type of thing is unacceptable . most everything else about the actual room was as expected . the noise was a bit more than i ' m used to though , but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us . so we asked to be moved to another room , they did get us in another room , but that took nearly N hours . the second room worked out well for us , but i won ' t be risking staying here again . plus the pool was not available , i really wish they would have mentioned that on their website , i was looking forward to it for days . all in all , it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location , but they need to work on their customer service before i ' ll reconsider staying at the homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown . 
everything you would would expect from a top-notch hotel and exceeded by the service . the trendy decor and easy to access dining gave us a ' second-wind ' pick up after a day of sight-seeing . this hotel is definitely the place that i want to come back to . by the time we left after N days and N nights , my wife and i wished we had more time to enjoy the restaurant a few more times and the delightful swiss flare . one of the things we enjoyed the most was seeing the water from our window . the feeling of being pampered can only come from the very gracious hotel staff and this hotel is number N in my mind . 
my husband and i stayed at this hotel the weekend of sept . N-N , N . when we were planning our vacation , we were impressed with the hotel . the exterior is very lovely and we looked forward to enjoying the view from our room . we first started to wonder if we ' d made the right choice when there was no one waiting to help us with our bags . we had to carry our luggage up to our room ourselves as the hotel was in the middle of a shift change . this seems like something a supposedly ' world class ' hotel should be able to avoid . the good our room did have a nice view and when i sat down on the bed it was like sitting on a cloud . the shower was very pleasant . the bad the room was very small and the bed was not the king size we had requested . we felt very cramped and uncomfortable throughout our stay . we have stayed at less luxurious hotels that were much more spacious and able to provide us with the requested size bed . the restaurant options were acceptable , although the service was not as excellent as described . perhaps we expected a miracle that would ' ve changed our minds about the hotel . we were so disappointed by the room and the service at check-in the rest of the weekend was somewhat tainted . we usually enjoy partaking of room service , but we decided after a sub par first day we would eat out for the rest of the weekend . next time , we will look into other hotels in the chicago area . 
wow ! loved the ambassador east hotel in chicago ! it was so close to all the great sights of chicago like navy pier , lake michigan , and all the fabulous dining . the hotel was very classy and the rooms were furnished in a traditional , but cozy manner . the entire family loved it , even the dog . . . because they are also pet friendly at the ambassador east hotel ! we loved the restaurant there , the pump room was great , something to please even the pickiest of our eaters . we were there on a family get-away , but asked to see a larger ' suite ' . the suites were gorgeous . i can ' t wait to tell our friends about this place ! our next business trip to chicago , we are booking at this hotel . they have the perfect conference rooms and we love the service ! we are definitely coming back ! 
stayed at the monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic . very convenient for walking to museums , shopping and park nearby . the room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view . we also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel . helpful staff , wifi , aveda products , decent restaurant downstairs for brunch , easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location . i would definitely recommend staying at this hotel , for business or pleasure . 
months prior to my N-night reservation with the hilton chicago i requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light , facing an open view , not a close building . ( the reservation was made through a conference travel agency . ) i confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record . she told me it would be difficult to find , but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me . i was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers , tucked into a very dark corner , facing a wall of rooms . i called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request , but to ' sit tight ' and someone would call me . no one did . further calls yielded similar results . at one point i was told i could have a ' parlor room , ' with a sofa bed , at a reduced rate , but i could not go see the room before committing to moving . that ' s real hospitality for you . worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave , i ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room . ( i had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds . ) the only redeeming feature of the room was that it had N bathrooms . other than that , it was tight quarters with a tiny closet , two uncomfortably low chairs , at the desk and in a ( dark ) corner . light fixtures didn ' t do much to brighten things up . since i was here at a conference , i really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail , but instead i got a cave . consequently , i spent as little time as possible in the room and next time i am in chicago , conference or not , i will absolutely stay at another hotel . there are much better locations that the hilton chicago and looking at the percentage of ' inside tower ' rooms , places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service . shame on the chicago hilton . 
if you ' re in chicago and want to stay in the loop , the allegro hotel is perfect for you . it ' s centrally located , stylish rooms and attentive staff . i stayed at the hotel for N nights and was very pleased with everything . the bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows , large flat screen tv , radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean . everyone that i came in contact with was very friendly and helpful . my last day there , i ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time , the kitchen called to see if everything was alright . i have never had that kind of follow up service . i ' ve stayed at the palomar in dc , another kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too . i will definitely see if kimpton has a hotel at my next destination . 
my husband and i stayed at the omni chicago hotel last weekend and i felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel . i have to say i was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel . not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff i have ever encountered . i frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as i did at the omni chicago hotel . from the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty . this is one hotel that i would definitely rate N stars . you can be sure , i will absolutely be back in the future . 
we have just returned from a week at the james chicago . the hotel is fabulous , very chic and chilled . the service is beyond compare . check in and out were swift and painless . the concierge service is also super efficient having located an excellent hair salon and a couple of fab restaurants for us during our stay . the hotel restaurant itself is rated N in the top N in chicago - voted by chicago residents . we stayed on the Nth floor with great views of the city . the room ( a deluxe king ) was equipped with a great selection of cocktail making lovelies , hairdryer , safe , tv , robes slippers , a very interesting selection of minibar items ( one of which was a real surprise ! ) including crisps snacks a first aid kit and an umbrella ! we also had a spotless and elegant bathroom with kiehls products and a cosy little dining area . the ipod dock cd radio and complimentary chillout cd were a nice touch and husband liked the enormous plasma tv . the super comfy bed ensured a good snooze and complimentary wifi allowed us to plan our next day ' s activities from our bedroom . we were so busy touring around the city we didn ' t get an opportunity to use the gym or the spa - both of which looked fab . the bar lobby area is a haven of civilised tranquility with smooth music playing in the background to help you chillout that bit more . staff are attentive without being fussy and a good selection of drinks and bar snacks are available . the barman mixes a mean mohito ! this hotel is full of nice little thoughtful touches to make people feel welcomed and cared for e . g . the virtual tuck in service - basically a couple of pcs with webcams to allow people to say goodnight to their children when they ' re away from home on business . also the dog biscuits and water outside the front door for our furry friends . next visit to chicago i ' ll definitely be staying here and wouldn ' t even consider an alternative if the james can maintain these standards . 
arrived on N N N , greeted by friendly doorman , and zipped up to the Nth floor lobby . very open lobby area with friendly reception staff . room was on the Nth floor and very nice . everything was in order and very clean ! the king size bed was nice and each night i had a restful sleep . bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall . the room was furnished with everything i needed including internet hook-up access . also , you can walk thru on the Nth fl to the westfield north bridge shopping mall , where you will enjoy nordstrom and other stores . of course , you ' re steps from michigan ave . too . the central location of the hotel was great , as i could walk to most places . the cta subway stop ( grand ave . on red line ) was an easy N block walk . i will stay here again on my next trip to chicago ! 
we usually stay at the sofitel but thought we would try the conrad for a change . i don ' t think i would rate this hotel over the sofitel but it was still Nst class . but i do think the service was better at the conrad . we arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left . normally service goes down hill then but our waiter eric was the best . even when i kept ordering my after dinner ports . the meal may not have been the chop house but it was still very good . the bar was ok , no crown reserve . they did have the cask N at N a drink , ouch . the room service was very quick . our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits . the only fault we could find was the temperature on the Nth floor . it was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off . which wasn ' t so bad since my wife smokes . the temp on the Nth where the lobby , bar , and restaurant was fine . we enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in sept . one last thing , if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast . go to the west egg , only a few blocks away . 
just putting in a good word for the hard rock hotel in chicago . the reviews i read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect . the location was perfect . the hotel was beautiful . our view was awesome . the room was large enough and very clean . the bed was very comfy . the staff were helpful - especially the concierge , jared . i couldn ' t find anything negative to say . if you want to stay in downtown chicago - you can ' t go wrong with this cool hotel . 
great hotel with beautiful scenery ! the staff was wonderful and the rooms were comfortable and spacious . they even had a docking station for my ipod ! 
we stayed here for one night , and found it a hotel that concentrates on conferences rather than your normal guest . we found it hard to get a room in the city for that particular night and so we paid above the odds for this - N for the night . we felt when we checked in that if you weren ' t with the conference , then why were we staying in the hotel . the guy at the main door didn ' t even hold it open when you are trying to lug your bags into the lobby , we then had to que for N-N minutes just to check in . we were not given any information about the hotel and when i rang down to reception at one stage to find out if there was a business centre in the hotel that i could access the internet through , i was just short of being asked why didn ' t i bring my lap-top with me so i could use the internet access in the room . . . . ! ! i found the staff very rude and not helpful at all and would not recommend this hotel for a tourist . 
the ambassador east is a particularly crappy property , given the numerous quality hotels in and around the gold coast . unfortunately , i saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for . while the lobby was gorgeous ( and appears to match the photos on the website ) the room i was assigned was run down , and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website . it looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls , but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty . the room also smelled of must or mildew . while the room did have air-conditioning as advertised , it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg . i was only here for a single night , but had i been here for anywhere longer i would have requested a refund . please , if you ' re staying in this part of town , do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here . the hampton inn and hilton garden inn are both nearby , clean , and often have special-offers -- these aren ' t the only properties in the area , but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay . 
i recently stayed at the omni chicago hotel and it was awful . when i arrived my room was not ready . two hours later when it was finally cleaned , i entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that i had requested for my son . i asked for it again , but they never brought it . my mattress was uncomfortable , and i did not like sharing it with my son . the ac did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room . the next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving , and it too was bad . there was cereal , low quality yogurt , and burnt flavorless muffins . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
for a hotel rated with four diamonds by aaa , one would think the hilton chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty . the only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare . i should have known from the moment i walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth . first off , as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who couldn ' t be any older than nineteen or twenty , red flags started going up . the clerk was extremely rude and lazy , acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone . if that wasn ' t bad enough , the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife ' s breasts . she wasn ' t even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat . after diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys . it shouldn ' t have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break . okay , that was annoying , but we managed easy enough . we finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip . to our surprise , not to mention our disgust and horror , their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out . it took almost a half hour between the couple in the room , the front desk , and my wife and me to get it straightened out . apparently the night clerk didn ' t bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk . after what could only be described as chaos , we were finally given another room on the next floor up . we were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while i dropped our luggage by the beds . hearing a clinking sound i bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed . i was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when i heard my wife cry out . there on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and i noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there . there , in the sink and in very plain sight , was a used condom ! so far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back . by then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room , free of charge to make up for our troubles . the room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around . despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had , we decided to make due . so while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip i pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access . i shouldn ' t have even bothered as i ' ve used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds i was getting . with a quick call to the desk i was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment . so instead of worrying about it , we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area . yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife ' s chest or forgot half of our order . after arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything , we found that our found was not only bland , it was cold ! we didn ' t even bother trying anything else , that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel . i don ' t know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who couldn ' t clean a room , but i know that that hotel didn ' t deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative . that place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel . 
i would like to add a comment , maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination . my daughter was married in may of N and we decided to have the special event at the sofitel water tower we were amazed . she always wanted a ballroom type of wedding , and sofitel made this happen for her . they took care of all the invitations , cake decor , and so much more . the special day for my daughter was worth everything . if you are going to be in the chicago area , check them out you will not regret it ! 
very centrally located in the loop directly south of the Nth day adventist church ( my room looked down upon wacker drive , the aforementioned church and the chicago river . small room , virtually no storage space . attended a conference with the monaco as venue . they provided adequate service , with no problems . this was the first time i spent with a kimpton hotel and i registered for their frequent stay program . i never felt comfortable in this hotel . i ' m N yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age . rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender . the young people can have at it . i ' ll stay at the marriott michigan ave next time . 
i recently traveled up to chicago for business and had a terrific N day N night stay at the sofitel chicago water tower in downtown . the location was perfect as it gave me easy access to michigan avenue and the conference center where i was doing business . my hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere . i ordered room service for dinner and it came within N minutes so i was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs . the food was extremely good and i really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat . i had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress . i woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel . they had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well . after shower i headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests . the breakfast was delicious and started my day out right . after my business stuff was over i really got out and enjoyed chicago . i met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well . when i go back to chicago i will definitely stay at the sofitel again . 
we decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in chicago . won ' t make that mistake again . the rooms are smaller than they appear on the web ( creative photography ) and the place is dirty . we ' ve stayed at best westerns that are cleaner ! the air conditioner is super loud . . . and the walls are paper thin . the people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between N and N a . m . , security failed to stop the ruckus . also thought the front desk staff was rude . usually in hyatts , hiltons , etc . , the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating . these people weren ' t particularly personable . . . we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it . the only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that doesn ' t make up for the negative experience . save some money and stay somewhere else ! 
while traveling in chicago i stayed at the sofitel on chestnut street . though the hotel was a beautiful and comfortable as the advertisements suggest service was severely lacking . i arrived late at night and had one peaceful dreamy nights sleep before being woke up at dawn . i reserved a room on one of the lower floors unaware of the construction happening in the area . i complained that i had not been informed of the construction and requested another room . my complaint was totally disregarded . i was told there were no other rooms in the whole hotel available . when i explained that the noise was bothersome i was treated rudely . the woman at the front desk actually ask me if i thought she could make the workers stop . i understand that the staff has no control over the noise . they did however know about the construction . information i did not have at the time i booked . information that would have swayed my decision . then to treat me so rudely for bringing it to their attention . i will not be staying there again . 
when you stay at a hotel like the james , just from their price point , you expect a certain level of quality . if i pay well over N dollars for a room , i do not think it unreasonable to expect not only a quality room , but also a certain level of standard of service . perhaps this hotel should rename itself the lebron james , because it has about as much class as he does , and is about twice as pretentious . a handful of baby powder thrown into my face would have been a refreshing break from the level of service i received at the lebron james . my night of hell began with the clerk , bellboy , or whatever he was , at the front desk , who faked what i assume was intended to be a british accent , but ended up as an unholy melding of australian and new englander . a british accent does not make you fancy , or skilled . once i made my way past mr . belvedere and to my room , i was disappointed , not only by its size , which was unusually small , but also a faint scent of cigarettes . not a strong one , but i could definitely smell smoke . not acceptable . then , while i was sleeping , a deep throbbing sound began to emanate from the walls . it sounded technical , mechanical , like an air conditiner malfunctioning . despite many reassurances from the front desk , the throbbing continued on throughout the night . i demanded the man at the front desk come up and rectify the situation immediately , but from what i could tell , he never came . 
our trip was our annual anniversary trip . the hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed . instead we received two double beds . this seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the hyatt . there were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room . no complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel . location was more of a business district , not appropriate for pleasure trip . employees of hyatt were very friendly and helpful , other than the failure to deliver the reserved room . 
i recently stayed at the ambassador east hotel for two night , and my visit was nothing short of disappointing . expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance , we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere . our expectations for the ambassador were not met . the room was small and , frankly , outdated . the bathroom smelled musty . the a c in the room had two settings polar cold or off . the walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms , and it was loud at night - a good night ' s sleep was impossible . staff were indifferent . do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel . frankly , it ' s not worth the steep price and mediocre character . since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in chicago , i know i won ' t be back at this place . 
my husband and i had a wonderful stay at the omni chicago hotel . i had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite . when we arrived , she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what i had requested--and more . our suite had a partial view of the lake ! ! ! and , we were able to check in early . the service at this hotel is incredible . everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had . the suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel , very near to michigan avenue . housekeeping was prompt and thorough . we really couldn ' t have asked for a better hotel . we will definitely stay there on future trips to chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there . 
this will be the only hotel i will never forget in my life . hotel monaco chicago has the best staff and also the rooms are also nice . whether if it ' s a king delux room or a tranquility suite , all of the rooms are luxorious and are themed based , so it suits ones personality . even if you are a super sized person , like me with a height of N ' N ' , there are special ' tall rooms ' just for you . my days went very fast when i stayed there becuase there was so much to do there . in the mornings i would do yoga from the yoga channel . then i would go downstairs and drink one of their complimentary coffees while reading the morning newspaper . before i go to a meeting , i would get my shoes shined by their complimentary shoeshine service . after i come back from the meeting , i would go to their fitness rooms and workout on their fully-equipped machines . i just didn ' t want to leave that hotel so i decided that the next time i come to chicago , i will surely stay at hotel monaco chicago . 
great hotel . went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time . the hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at . beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery . great staff and wonderfull food as well , i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work . 
spent a wonderful night at the amalfi with friends . the evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive . breakfast was a plus , rooms were cozy and very clean . would not hesitate to go back again . 
i had requested a quiet room several weeks in advance , yet was given a room facing the street from which i could hear traffic noise . i asked to be moved and was told that nothing was available until the next day . the next morning , prior to being moved to a quiet room , the toilet in my original room overflowed creating a large unsanitary flood . about an hour later i was moved to a room which did not face the street . the room was quiet but smaller and darker . the mattresses in each room were very firm , i would even say hard . i asked if any softer mattresses were available and was told that the mattresses were all the same . at checkout i tried to give the hotel a form of payment that differed from the card the room was reserved under , and this process was still not done correctly after N minutes , which seemed longer because the van to the airport was waiting right outside , with other passengers . ( the cost was not correctly charged until almost a week later . ) as recompense for the noise , flood , etc . , the hotel offered exactly nothing . not a great stay . 
the affinia manhattan is fantastic ! my husband and i stayed there when we went to visit my sister . i loved the room . it was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in . the view was incredible . manhattan is one of the most beautiful places i have ever been . the staff was very helpful as well . they had no problem going out of their way to be helpful . i would suggest this hotel to anybody ! 
my company was hosting a seminar at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago , il . each participant of the seminar stayed in one of the luxurious rooms at the hotel . my room had an incredible view of downtown chicago and the styles of the rooms were very modern . my husband was able to stay back in the room and enjoy the large flat screen television while i attended the seminar in one of the hotels meeting rooms . on saturday night , my company held a ball in the crystal ballroom . the food was excellent , the hotel chefs were the best . the servers were polite and were right there to fill up our drinks or bring us more food at the dinner . our overall stay at millennium knickerbocker hotel will be forever in my memory . it was a fun filled weekend with great food , clean rooms , excellent maid service and all the hotel personnel were polite and willing to fulfill our every need and want ! we will definitely be staying here again ! 
my family and i stayed here while we were visiting chicago . this was a perfect location to many of the things we wanted to do and was easy to get around . it was in a safe neighborhood and was great accomodations . the staff was friendly and went the ' extra mile ' to make sure we had everything we needed . the beds were comfortable . we would definitely stay here again . 
how about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation . she tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door . sorry not on my watch ! then about this room you gave me i understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing ! you take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a hilton i think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating . registration fail parking price fail plumbing fail thank you hilton for for my super N experience in chicago . 
there is a great difference between a hyatt regency hotel , and a normal hotel . the thing that i did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other . i get really uncomfortable when i am in a crowded area , and people are smoking their lungs out . even though this hotel is really glamourous , has a nice bar , a nice restaurant , great music , it is still not a good stay if you don ' t like people smoking beside you . 
arrived at N Nam only to find that sleep was not in my future because of the dance club connected to the hotel . if you party and stay out all night anyway , this hotel would be fine . but don ' t plan to get any rest if the club is open ! front desk lady was extremely rude to people calling in to inquire about the hotel while i was checking in . she was fine with me and gave me a corner room , but sure wouldn ' t want to be on her bad side . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is my favorite place to stay in chicago ! i travel to chicago very often to visit my son , who is training for the u . s . navy . they make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation . the indoor pool and sauna are amazing , and i never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped . if you dine at the lb bistro , you must try the eggs benedict ) the staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature . 
i found my stay at the hotel monaco - chicago to be less than satisfactory . they lure you in with a fancy website , promising the world and more , but their services and amenities turned out to be a facade . the pictures on the website show a grand five-star lobby and one would assume the rooms match , but when i received my room ( which by the way i could barely afford ) i found it to be no more luxurious than my local motel N . they mention that they are ' pet friendly ' . let me tell you , that is code for ' smelly ' . there was a faint urine smell throughout the entire hotel and i was awake all night because of the incessant barking . would not stay again . 
this was the best choice my husband and i could have chosen to visit ! the hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water ! i was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym . everything was so clean and invoting . especially the pump room there was so much history in one rooom . overall , we had a great , relaxing vacation away from the kids . i would definitely return to the ambassador next time we ' re in the area ! 
the talbott hotel is a place to stay where the staff treat you like you are not welcome . if you do not pay higher prices you are snubbed and the rooms are no classier or fancier than a standard motel . the room service takes over an hour and there is constant traffic and construction outside . the cost is far more than the luxury . the best thing about staying at this hotel are the bathroom towels . 
luxury and comfort combine to give a wonderful sense of relaxation for guests at the omni chicago hotel . their rooms are some of the cleanest and most well-furnished i have ever seen at a four-diamond hotel , and the N lounge , which has accommodating late hours , was perfect for me to relax after a day of work . the workout room is absolutely huge , and each treadmill has its own tv to watch while working out - fantastic ! overall , my experience at the omni was amazing . i ' ll definitely be coming back the next time i ' m in chicago ! 
this is a beautiful hotel inside and outside . the rooms were very comfortable and clean . the hotel made my experience of visiting this city even more wonderful , i highly recommend this to anyone . 
not worth the price . we almost stayed at a hotel for N a night , but instead choose the hard rock for N ( a special ) . we were located on the ' newly renovated ' beatles floor . the carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced . upon entering our room we found some cool beatles artwork along with a NxN foot marilyn manson portrait . i think they were halfway done re theming the room . at checkout they tried to charge us N for using the mini-bar which we didn ' t even open . they removed the charge right away but i wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge . nothing special here . if you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you . 
this hotel had a great location , but you can do much better for the money . the hallways smelled of smoke , dirty elevators , furniture in the lobby was thread bare . the staff was very helpful . the room was large , bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered . if you have any allergies don ' t stay here ! 
has gone downhill so much we almost checked out . we stayed in the dean martin celebrity suite for N nights while entertaining customers in chicago . we ' ve stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the four seasons or the peninsula , it has always been a comfortable and clean , service oriented hotel . not only has room service been eliminated ( if you want room service it comes from marios italian restaurant down the street , so is only italian ) , complimentary morning coffee is no longer available , mini bars have been removed from the rooms , etc . etc . the only restaurant , the pump room was closed for a private function on saturday night , the bar also , so we weren ' t even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests . surely the function was planned before we made our reservations , but we weren ' t told of it . we also learned that the bell staff ( who have been there for N and N years ) is being eliminated . so , in other words , anyting to do with ' service ' is gone from this hotel . i hear they are going to begin renovations in december , but that is no excuse to let an old glory ' go to pot ' in the meantime . we won ' t be staying here when we go back in july or for thanksgiving . we even had to pay for internet . mind you , our bill for N nights was N . N , no room service , no restaurant bar charges . highway robbery for what you get ow at the ambassador east . sad . 
i was on a business trip to chicago a while back and i had the unfortunate luck of staying at the intercontinental chicago hotel . i say unfortunate , because from the first moment i walked in my experience was poor . the front desk made me wait a very long time and i had to resolve an issue with my reservation . my receptionist had made the reservation and the room should have already been on or company account but they were insisting that i supply a personal credit card for the room . i understand their precautions but i travel a lot and usually do not encounter this situation . once that was all taken care of ( several phone calls later ) i was taken up to my room . it was nice and i was glad to finally be there , but the bell hope was very short with me and was very quick to throw out his hand asking for a tip , even though he had done nothing but groaned the entire time he was taking me to my room . i was very happy i only had to stay there two night because after my run in with the front desk i got the impression that no one wanted to deal with me . i will hopefully not be staying there again , and will suggest that it be avoided by all . 
i recently visited chicago . i stayed at the hotel allegro chicago . first of all i did not enjoy the welcome as i checked in to the hotel . my hotel price was off the roof and i only used it to sleep and eat breakfast . the food served was not up to par i felt like it was a cheap ' free ' lunch . my room was crowded and my waste baskets did not have bags in them . my toilet paper row was half way finished when i checked in . i felt that the house keepers gave us dirty looks as we went in and out of the room . i did not feel safe , i had to hide my valuables and i kept the ' busy ' sign on the door so no one would enter and take stuff . the rooms did not appear as they do on their website , it is actually the opposite . looked to me like a regular motel inn but i paid way more than i would have at an actual motel inn . i did not appreciate that none of the electrical outlets worked and my phone was dead for my whole duration of the trip . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
i just came back from this awesome , terrific hotel last week , and i have to say-- i loved it ! my wife and i were there for a week due to a business meeting , and right when i stepped into the hotel , i knew that this business vacation will be well spent . the customer service was very great , and an employee even guided us toward our room ! we were introduced to a fantastically lit room with N beds , a flat screen tv , and even free internet access . my wife loved it , and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap . when i headed down to the lobby for my conference , i got lost , and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held . he leaded me to the door , and i was very impressed . there is a fitness center which i went everyday , and this great restaurant called c-house situated nicely next to the hotel lobby , where i had a nice steak and my wife a salad . all in all , i thought that the trip was really worth it , and my stay was very welcoming at the affinia chicago . i highly recommend that whenever you visit chicago you should stay there , you will not regret it . 
here are some pros and cons pros -good location -nice staff -clean room cons -lack of bathroom amenities ( i get better items at a holiday inn ) -housekeeping wasn ' t so great . . . N . a bathroom rug was taken out of my room ( no idea why ) and never returned it . the marble floor in the bathroom was very dangerous when slippery . . . i had to throw towels on the ground to make sure i did not fall . N . i was charged for items i did not take out of the minibar . 
my husband and i snagged a great deal on a weekend trip to chicago , and decided ( at the recommendation of friends ) to stay at the palmer house hilton . the only word we can use to describe it is ' amazing ' ! walking into the lobby feels like stepping back in time , it is simply breath-taking . be sure to check out the ceiling , i have never seen one so beautiful outside of europe . we checked-in without any issues and were assigned a very lovely room with the most comfortable bed i have encountered in any hotel . everything is in walking distance of the palmer house , you couldn ' t hope to find a better location for exploring downtown chicago . everything was perfect with our stay here , i would not stay anywhere else in chicago from now on . 
beautifully appointed , professionally staffed , comfortable , well-located , and elegant , with wireless internet access ( plus free access in an alcove on the second floor ) , fitness center ( a little small but fine if you use it at the right time ) , good energy clientele , easy access to michigan avenue , next door to N-hour restaurant , N blocks from N starbucks , elevators that are there before you get your finger off the button - they thought of everything . will definitely return ! 
this morning , i checked out and left behind one of the worst hotel experiences i ' ve ever had hard rock hotel , chicago . i am in disbelief that this hotel is part of the ' preferred hotels ' group . upon checking in , i was ' greeted ' by a front desk staff that had better things to be doing and let it show . my room was poorly lit and dirty . the desk desk chair was covered in sticky , dried soda pop ( or something else ? ) which i had to clean myself so i could work . the ' sound system ' was put to shame by my N-year-old daughter ' s boombox . no one , rock star or otherwise , wants to reach more than an arm ' s length for toilet paper . everything is possible . this includes hiring professional and courteous staff to answer customer calls that are directed to the ' everything is possible ' line . great marketing fails with no follow through . the in-room mini-bar policy ranks in my personal top-five most ridiculous business practices of all time . do you charge steven tyler N . N for opening his in-room ' fridge ? looking back , i would have much preferred enjoying cocktails in my dirty room rather than the dirty , drafty , overpriced bar ( with a horrendous wine list ) with the exception of the fact that i was leaving , check-out was no better than checking in . i wasn ' t even asked about my stay ! the young woman who provided me with a copy of my bill could not have been more unpleasant . i , for one , will not bring my business back to that location . next time i ' m in chicago , i ' m staying at the hyatt . rock on , tripstarr 
i first walk into the beautifully decorated lobby of the affinia chicago hotel where i ' m greeted by name by the concierge . he tells me that they have taken the liberty of customizing the room to my profile from when i booked the stay . he shows me to my room ( paying careful attention to my bags , and ensuring that i needn ' t lift a finger ) sure enough , the down pillow i had selcted from the dream pillow menu sits proudly atop the queen of the domain , which by the way is covered with the softest of bedspreads making me wonder if they didn ' t literally drag a cloud in here and fit it on my bed . i notice that there ' s a display of champagne and cupcakes ( ! ) atop the dresser and my ' experience kit ' which comes complete with an ipod shuffle downloaded with only my favorite workout tracks , and a yoga mat . namaste . unable to resist the urge to inspect the bathroom , i find that not only is there a marble tiled invisible glass shower , but a jacuzzi , lined with candles of vanilla , deep enough to bathe a walrus . feeling girlish , i run the water and test before going to dinner . the hotel ' s restraunt c-house offers the most delicious seafood menu that makes you think you ' re dining with the kings of paradise . or at least eating in the caribbean itself . hmm , i should have brought a date . 
i recently had the opportunity to stay at the conrad chicago hotel , located on north rush street . as part of the hilton hotel chain , i was confident that i would have a positive experience . unfortunately , from the time i walked in the door until the time i checked out , i was plagued with nothing but problems . when i walked into the hotel , i was not greeted by the concierge , which is usually a bad sign . ( he was reading a newspaper . ) then , when i announced that i was holding a reservation , they desk clerk was unable to find it . i had a confirmation number which they agreed matched a number in their system , but they could not find the room i had reserved . finally , they assigned me a room , but it was smaller than i had originally requested and it had a bad odor . i was very disappointed with the room and its decor . the room smelled of stale smoke , even though it was on a non-smoking floor . the bedspread was threadbare and there was no soap in the bathroom . i had to keep checking to make sure i was really at the conrad chicago . surely , this was not the way the hilton chain operates ! there continued to be problem throughout my stay . i asked for a wake-up call and it was N minutes late , which had me scurrying around so i could make my business meeting . i ordered breakfast to be brought to my room , and it never showed up -- at all ! and the water for my shower never reached anything by lukewarm , so my shower was short and unsatisfying . i decided to check out of the conrad chicago a day earlier than originally planned because i was so dissatisfied with the hotel and the way it attempted to resolve the problems and issues . upon my return home , i wrote a letter to the hotel manager , but never received a reply . because they refused to acknowledge that i had problems , i will not be staying at the conrad chicago again , and will avoid all hilton hotels in the future . 
my boyfriend and i were amazed by the breathtaking view of lake michigan ! we are from texas so the view of the city was very important to us . we had no problems at this hotel . . . rooms , service , location were top notch . 
i called the reservations line to book a room at the beginning of december N for a rate with a local corporation . when i first made the reservation i did not get an e-mail confirmation . i had to call again to get the e-mail and then saw that i was booked in a handicapped accessible room which i did not need as there was me , my wife and three year old . i called the reservation line and asked for a regular room which they said was impossible at the rate i was at , however for ten dollars more i can upgrade to a regular room . i then asked what if a disabled person needs the room and he said he could not help me . i told them to cancel the room . based on the reservation experience , i did not want to run into anymore trouble at this hotel . 
the omni chicago hotel is a very high quality hotel . this hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax . it has everything you could possibly want to relax , workout , and feel luxurious . a must stay at hotel , i give it five stars . 
upon first entering the hotel , we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen i have ever encountered . through our N week stay , they told us to ' have a nice day ' as we left in the am and welcomed us back upon our return . breakfast is served in the am , and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen . it was a very enjoyable stay . 
i have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel . i had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift . when my parents arrived , they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly . my parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip . additionally , my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured N times that his room was non-smoking . when my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop . when my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured N times that the room was non-smoking . never again . 
the location is ideal . they have very high ceilings so the rooms appear much larger than they are . the views are great . there were fresh flowers in the bathroom . they had all white bedding . you feel like a princess there . 
the sheraton is a fantastic hotel . my wife and i stayed on the Nth floor overlooking the chicago river and lake michigan . the view was great . we got a corner room that also had a couch in . the hotel was just a short walk to the navy pier and the magnificant mile shopping area . food at the hotel was great . service from checking in to maid service was first class . great hotel , great town , highly recommend it . 
stayed over memorial weekend for N nites , N rooms . great hotel , we always love breakfast in morning , and drinks in even when applicable . around the corner from magnificent mile , and close to lots of restaurants . staff was great , we even checked in early before noon , and other room available less than hour later . fresh fruit was available to us , and bell guys are cool . suites are on small side compared to other homewoods but no complaints here , house cleaning kept our room clean , and we felt safe ! 
we were checked into a room with empty beer bottles , dirty underwear in the closet and unclean bathroom . there was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints . we missed our show because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc . finally when i got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles especially when i had a child and a teenager with me she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience ! ! ! staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night . they kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets . i asked for two blanket , but they delivered one . i had to keep calling to get settled . i saw a comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk , who had taken the trouble of filling it out , but no one collected it or cared for it . ht . noisy rooms . can hear the doors all night . thebreakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished . i will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates ! ! 
i stayed this hotel for N nights . i had high hopes seeing as this is a N star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures i ' ve seen . upon entering the building , you can easily see that it is clean and high class . the lobby was nice , and everything seemed as it should be . however , as soon as i made it into my room , it was completely different than everything previous to it . it was dirty , visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom . the room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms i ' ve been to . there was also a lingering smell from the last tenants . when i called the front desk about these issues , they sent someone up to fix it . i left the hotel about two hours and upon returning , they were still at it ! this is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors . the smell also did not completely disappear when they were done . as i was too tired , i just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at chicago instead . i hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me . 
this hotel is rather far from the airport and in traffic it took almost N hours to get there . by that time , i was so tired i was just ready to check in to my room . i stood in line forever as there was only one person working at the front desk . that was only the beginning . it was very noisy outside from people constantly walking around . i guess it ' s because they ' re located in the middle of the downtown area , but they could at least make the walls thicker . i don ' t want to hear everything going on in my neighbor ' s room . the bathroom was not very clean and one of the towels had a hole in it . the toilet ran all night which kept me up along with all the people on the street . the restaurant food was horrible and i would rather buy food from a street vendor than to pay the ridiculously high price they charged for a burger . overall , i was very disappointed with my stay at the conrad chicago . 
the hotel sofitel chicago water tower bills itself as a N-star luxury hotel , but the luxury is evidently in the eye of the beholder . filled with trite modern art and modular , cheap-looking furniture that looks straight out of the latest ikea catalogue , this N-floor hunk of glass has to be one of the ugliest hotels i have ever seen . ' urban chic ' design does not equal comfort the seating and bed furniture are made more for the design floor than for actual use . room service is expensive , slow , and the food you eventually do get is mediocre in quality and flavor . the hotel features two bars the cafe des architectes bar , and the simply named le bar . cutesy french names and trendy modern outfittings do not a good hotel bar make ! excellent service , fair prices , friendly and competent staff are what make a bar great , none of which you will find at either of these bars . cafe des architectes is also a restaurant , offering ' seasonal menus featuring contemporary cuisine with french roots , ' which means small portions and large prices at questionable quality . even the old standby filet mignon did not stand up to its reputation , coming out a little dry hunk of meat rather than a succulent steak . pass this one by , if you ' re looking for a comfortable , enjoyable stay in downtown chicago . the water tower is dry . 
the omni chicago hotel is amazing little get away right on the magnificent mile in chicago . this hotel is warm and homey as well as modern and filled with amenities ! the beds are very comfortable and there are flat screen televisions in the rooms ( at least both times i have stayed ) . the windy city spa provides a relaxing getaway as well . the indoor pool provides something fun for all ages and the customer service was excellent . the garage was very secure and has unlimited in out priviledges which made it nice to be able to access the car as much as you wanted without any penalty . all in all , well worth it and will plan to stay again ! 
outmoded and worn furnishings combine with some poor original design choices to produce a drab place to stay . this hotel ' s five-star rating needs a downgrade ! when i visited this hotel N years ago , the fairmont was among the classiest brands . no more . my Nth floor room was expansive , but dark -- only one small window and one light was not working . the upholstery was frayed , the bathtub faucet produced only a trickle of water , and the room ' s door didn ' t close unless you pulled on it in a certain way . worse , the management has filled the room with price lists and displays of things to sell you , with one set of snacks even in a large tacky plastic case on the dresser . it was like sleeping in an old vending machine , but when i looked for a pen to take a phone message , there was none to be found . other reviewers remarked that this hotel ' needs updating , ' but i think some of the original design choices are also to blame . for instance , someone decided to place a series of heavy doors in strange configurations . i couldn ' t sit on the toilet without leaving the door to the toilet cubby open -- the space wouldn ' t accommodate my legs . ( i am not unusually tall . ) there are so many great hotels in chicago that deserve five stars , that the fairmont shouldn ' t be able to compete . see my profile for better ideas . niftyc 
i chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed . the previous weekend , i stayed at a N . N star hotel a few blocks away , and was much more impressed there . the hard rock had a number of issues including very dark room - not much light ( artificial or natural ) lots of street noise very cheap decor and furniture broken cabinet door very warm room - said they would send maintenance , but they never arrived had bar charges on account that were not ours . overall , i was very surprised that this was a N star hotel . i expected a much better experience ! 
i must say , this hotel is absolutely beautiful . my wife and i were blown away by the penthouse fitness center and pool all the way up on the Nnd floor . very well designed rooms with great linens and pillows . the bathrooms were a nice change of pace from the boring hotel bathrooms we usually see . overall an excellent experience here , great views and close to everything you could want to do in chicago . 
after reading so many great reviews i booked the hotel monaco and was not disappointed . i booked through their web site about N N N months prior to arrival for N night plus tax for a room with N queens . the location was perfect - right by the river near michigan ave . - minutes walk to the el , millenium park , the theater district and shopping . the room was clean , a little larger than standard and nicely decorated . we had window seats in the room with a view of the river . there was starbucks coffee in the lobby in the morning and a wine reception in the evening . to top it off , the staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area . 
my wife and i spent several nights here on a getaway excursion . i didn ' t choose it -- priceline gave it to me for N . if i ' d paid the book rate , N , i ' d have been less pleased . no troubles with checkin . very small room but bed was clean and comfortable . starbucks in the lobby was a godsend . i ' d read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough . for N , it ' s a steal . for its online face value , not so much . will definitely return if can get similar price . 
we visited for my Nth birthday . we had never been to chicago so was not sure where to stay . found the deal on this hotel from travelzoo . great rate , staff was awesome , very helpful and nice , location was great . enjoyed our stay but still like nyc better . great , great hotel . would stay again . 
stayed here for N nights for a bridgestone firestone convention . no complaints . room was great with a beautiful view . staff was very accommodating . had drinks and appetizers in main bar . fantastic ! great location . yes it ' s a huge hotel as it ' s used for conventions but that didn ' t stop it from being a great place . 
did not enjoy my stay at the omni chicago hotel . firstly , the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful . there was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle . secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out , the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below N degrees . considering i paid well over N per night for the romance package reservation , it was below my standards and i will not be heading back to the omni chicago hotel any time soon . 
this hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat . the first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket . this place looks alright in the lobby , but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in chicago , this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night . clearly the ambassador east hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession . not to mention that it is at least N-N minutes from the airport in traffic . chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached , particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call . 
we were greeted by staff with excellent customer service skills . our room was such a pleasant surprise , from the flat screen tv , the full size shower with rain showerhead hand held shower wand , the wall attached toilet with flushing options ( on the wall ) , the comfortable bed , the lovely lighting options , etc . . the size of the room was snug , and very comfortable , as would be , in a historic hotel . it was also quiet , and i know that the hotel was sold out . my sister was in the room next door . we did not hear her tv . we also loved walking less than a block , to the shopping and restaurants on north michigan avenue . 
while overall a decent property , the incident i had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel . i recently stayed at the hotel monaco for five nights , checking out on monday , march Nth . shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet , my partner and i noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that wasn ' t present upon checking in . we had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay . i called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at park one ( their valet company ) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within N hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival , and was scraped upon departure from the garage . the garage manager , mike yunan , didn ' t call back until i had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel , marco scherer . when he finally got back to me , the garage manager stated that he would file an ' incident report ' and claim with his insurance company , travelers , which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff wouldn ' t admit fault or liability , nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage , which could have verified that the damage wasn ' t present upon check-in , but was at check-out . their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location , contradicting the garage manager . in the end , this kimpton intouch guest got stuck with a N , N bill for parking at this kimpton property an almost N paint scrape on top of a N per day parking fee , rental car expenses , several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue , and one gigantic headache . in the end , do not trust the valets or staff at this hotel , and take your business elsewhere if at all possible . 
the hyatt regency chicago hotel was a delight to stay at . i ' ve never been to chicago before , but the location was fantastic . they had all sorts of different rooms , from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms . i ' ve never seen so many options for rooms . the room i stayed in was well worth the nightly price . the location was so close to all the activities my husband and i had planned for our vacation . we have never been treated so much like royalty than at the chicago hyatt regency . 
after reading all the lukewarm reviews for this hotel , i went ahead and got an ambassador membership just to hedge off any unpleasantness . i normally have a good experience with intercontinental hotels , particularly the mark hopkins in sf . i called the hotel directly to confirm that my reservation was designated as ambassador club . when i arrived at the hotel , there was no separate check-in line ( as advertised ) and the manager on duty basically ignored me when i told him i was an ambassador club member and stuck me with a regular tiny room . i was nearly half an hour checking in the room and had to deal with the arrogant attitude of the manager on duty . they gave me a room in the ' modern ' tower , ( built in the N ' s ) which was about N N the size of a regular room at the mark hopkins ( built in ' N ) . i had to deal with torn sheets , cracked marble sinks , and the spare roll of toilet paper being located outside the bathroom inside the closet - how convenient is that ? the closet door , if you are not careful , may break the full length mirror attached to the bathroom door . i was not provided with a key to the minibar and i called for turndown service , which never happened . the next day , they finally got around to the fact that i was an ambassador club member and entitled to an upgraded room , but since i travel with a medical device which i already set up in the tiny room , i declined . to their credit , they did send some of the amenities i would otherwise be entitled to as an ambassador club member . i would not stay at this hotel next time i go to chicago . there are other better places for the money including , the omni , the james , the fairmont , hyatt , sheraton , monaco , crowne plaza , even the holiday inn and marriotts located in the same general area . 
we stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on trip advisor and yelp . we might have had a one in a million experience , but we - were served a hairy salad ( a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage ) - considered our guest room tiny - could not submerge a thigh , much less a body , in the tub ( we ' re not obese and we ' re not dexter ) - endured a broken air conditioner for days ( it couldn ' t be repaired ) - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet ( they fixed it that day ) . on a positive note , the tea from room service tasted delicious , employees were abundant and friendly , the location is great , and it ' s very easy to get a taxi . in the future , i would reluctantly stay here for business . i would not stay here for pleasure . i think a N-something who hasn ' t traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would . . . as a friend said to me today , ' oh , the sofitel ? that ' s the hilton of france . ' i agree . 
the omni chicago is hands down , the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area . i am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy . our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly . i forgot my hair dryer but thankfully , one of the many perks at this hotel , they provide one for you in your room ! that ' s a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer ! i have never had a massage like that before ! my favortie thing about the omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests . i am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as i was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done . i also loved the tv they provide in the room . a big plasma with a beautiful , crisp picture ! i don ' t even have that at home ! needless to say , i spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning ! i will be coming back to the omni on my next trip to chicago . that ' s a promise . 
this is one of my favorite sheratons starwood properties . i have stayed at a lot of hotels ( mostly starwood ) in chi but all around , this is my favorite based on cost , amenities and downtown location . i really like it beginning with unloading the taxi because i am greeted by nick who has been there for years . he gives the best greeting from la to ny and is always happy ! he obviously loves his job . people at the front desk are always nice and efficient . if you like to workout , roberta runs their fitness center . another one who loves their job and serves guests well . great lake river view while working out . on this particular trip i was caught in a pinch however , christy the former mgr was able to take care of a frequent guest . i considered it a ' minor miracle ' based on hotel availability . the maids on Nth floor were very friendly and efficient . another great experience . 
we connected to affinia chicago thorugh a city websight . the deal was fair for a downtown hotel on the main drag with an attractiion included . there was information out there that the hotel was being overhauled although we did not pay much attention to that . they are currently under major construction . they will be a little late of their projections in the finish date . i must say that the staff tried very hard to make our stay comfortable under very difficult circumstances . the room was complete and was good . it had a very nice bathroom . the main lobbie and all hotel amenities are totally unfinished drywall with no food , drink , or rest room opportunities . the construction guys did their best to limit activity and noise to after N Nam . i think this will be a good one once they are done . as of the end of may , they have a way yet to go . 
we booked thru hotwire which we have a high percentage of positive outcomes . i was very happy when we saw that we would be staying at the knickerbocker-as i had stayed when i was younger . we reserved a king non-smoker . upon arriving we were told that they did not have that and we only had the choice of a smoking room . when argued they stated ' well you booked thru hotwire so you do not have priority ' . as we entered the room i noticed the bathroom door was off track and the bathroom light did not turn on . we called the front desk and they fixed the door but not the light . later that eveing as i took a shower the seal around the shower was so poor water got all over the floor and towels . also , i must add the room reaked of smoke . the next day when we checked the front desk clerk asked how our stay was and when we told him the problems , he told us the total and had not concern of our issues . we also checked in our bags for the day , and the bellmen came quickly and made very rude comments about us hurrying up so he could get on with his day . we realized a bit later that we forgot something in one of the bags and was told they would not get them back out . stay away-even if you get a good deal ! ! 
imagine flying to the windy city for business . after a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel , the much-hyped conrad . you ' ve been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the chicago skyline out your window . that ' s exactly how i imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride . that ' s the opposite of how it turned out . i got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone . i approached and they didn ' t even hang up . they were going on about how they thought the whole charlie sheen thing was overblown . i don ' t care . it ' s late . i have meetings the next day . i try to check in and they say they can ' t find my reservation . this is despite the fact i have my receipt with me ! finally , they check me in and don ' t even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags . this isn ' t a cheap room . it ' s standard to treat your customers with some level of respect . i get to my room and i open the door and it ' s someone else ' s room ! somehow they ' ve given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person ' s room . worse yet , the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room . i have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room . finally i get up there and my room is missing a pillow . seriously ? how can the maid not notice . the bed was made . someone must ' ve been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows . this episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay . needless to say , neither i nor my business will be using the services of the conrad in chicago . 
this was my first time in chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location . this definitely fit the bill . i could walk to all the places i wanted to see - very close to michigan ave and the magnificent mile . about a N minute walk to the art institute . the hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful . there was coffee in the lobby every morning , that was very welcome . the room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet . i could hear the train and some traffic from the street ( considering the location , this wasn ' t bad and didn ' t affect my ability to sleep or relax ) . i would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem ! ! 
after reading good reviews about the affinia hotel in chicago , my husband and i decided to spend two nights there to celebrate our Nth anniversary . unfortunately , the hotel missed the mark for us . i did not expect to find bedbugs underneath the mattress in a N-star hotel . because my husband and i have had a bad experience with bedbugs , as a rule , we always check underneath the mattress before settling down for the night in any hotel . when i brought this to the attention of the front desk staff , they practically accused us of planting the bugs there . i was very humiliated and disappointed in the way the situation was handled . needless to say , we made the decision to pack our bags and went elsewhere to celebrate our anniversary . i have written a letter to the hotel chain and hope that they will be more responsive to the situation . i have also reported the incident to my credit card company to alert them that i will be refuting the charge for the one night the affinia charged to my account because we missed the cancellation deadline . 
after a recent stay at the talbott hotel in chicago , i left the city with an empty pocket book . i had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific , i didn ' t realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus . i could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu . when did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money ? i basically felt overcharged for the so called ' extras ' included in the package i purchased . one other thing , the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler . 
two main issues ( N ) understaffed from the street to the front desk . unfortunately i had to drive into the city , when i arrived there was an excessively long wait for parking . then inside , there was a huge queue line with just one clerk working in a big city hotel . not good ( i will say friendly however ) ( N ) i know this is a big city , but , N a night to park my car when i ' m staying at that hotel ? really ? ? that ' s unreasonable and a bit gouging in my opinion . again , i realize this is chicago , but , i ' m already paying a hefty price for this outdated hotel . 
we stayed at the ae for two nights for a three generation ' girls weekend ' ( grandma , mom and daughter ) . i looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us . then i called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named reece . rates were a bit high for the saturday night portion of our stay but when i requested the american girl package , he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate . the american girl package was perfect for us . my N year old daughter was thrilled . they give you a doll bed , a backpack and a travel kit to keep . they have matching bathrobes for girl and doll ( you don ' t get to keep those ) . she also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu . our room , N , was large and clean . it had two double beds with nice linens , two chairs , a desk and a clean bathroom . the employees are all very friendly and helpful . we had a drink in the pump room but did not eat there . we ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the Nrd coast . this hotel is north of michigan ave . but it is just a short , pleasant walk to the mag . mile . i would definately stay here again in chicago . 
my wife and i just spent N nights at the talbott . the room was spacious , comfortable and well-appointed . the hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby . linens and towels first-class . free wi-fi in the room . the location is terrific , just one block to michigan avenue . we will stay here on future visits . 
we stayed at the fairmont two saturday ' s in a row , and both stays were disappointing . we had to call the hotel prior to each stay and both times it took the hotel N-N minutes to answer their phone . for the price , we expected nicer decor ( it looked cheaply done ) more comfortable beds-the mattresses were too soft and the sheets too hard-pillows weren ' t comfortable either a more accomodating front desk staff . our friends who were also there on the same dates will undoubtably add similar comments . 
the james hotel in chicago looks nice on the website , but looks can be deceiving ! the employees are extremely rude and the rooms are disgusting . i would definitely advise against staying there . 
very disappointed in our stay in chicago monoco . we have stayed many times elsewhere , primarily in washington dc and are accustomed to great customer service , beverages like water or soda at the wine bar , coffee and papers in the morning , help with bags . not only did the chicago monoco do none of these things , the staff was not helpful , either . requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there . you got the feeling you were ' bothering ' people if you asked a question . no bellman , the doorman did not open the door or help with bags . even though we were traveling with a child , i had to request a fish when they did not bring it . really baffling . . as we love the monoco in washington . 
i just returned from a long weekend in chicago with my wife . we stayed at the affinia hotel and i can ' t even begin to describe what an awful experience it was . when we arrived at Npm on thursday ( check-in is Npm ) , our room was not ready . we had to wait til almost Npm before we could even get into the room . once inside the room smelled like an ash tray . obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room . we decided to just go out for an early dinner . after arriving back to our room around Npm , our key didn ' t work . we had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one . the next morning the maids started knocking on our door at N N in the morning ! why would you try to clean the room that early ? ? ! ! the ' do not disturb ' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay . after that early wakeup , we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned . the front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when i asked . eventually we did get a new room but i didn ' t enjoy the demeanor i encountered to do so . our new room was fairly nice , and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful , but i have a bad taste in my mouth and likely won ' t stay there again . 
we spent a week in this hotel and were very pleased with the experience . as described in previous reviews . the room was very comfortable with the huge televison and bathroom being particularly outstanding . service was excellent overall ( i especially liked the bottle of water at my bedside with the turn down service ) . the door and bellmen women were particularly pleasant and helpful and the concierge was friendly and knowledgeable . we had completely satisfactory ( though overpriced ) drinks in the bar but didn ' t eat at the restaurant . the health club was fine and the equipment was well maintained . while there were only three treadmills and two elipitical steppers , i never had to wait for a machine although it might be a different story in the dead of a chicago winter ! one minor quibble--i like to have coffee first thing in the morning and there was no in-room coffee maker . the restaurant offered free coffee ' to-go ' but only before eight am . this is a very , very comfortable , attractive hotel in a wonderful location . chicago is an expensive city but we felt that we got a reasonable value for our money . 
the hotel itself was beautiful and wonderful staff but the bottom line for me was that it was impossible to sleep through the night because the noise of the ambulance sirens continued throughout the night . for three consecutive nights . there was simply inadequate soundproofing - even N floors above the street ( ok - N floors as there is no Nth floor ) . i hesitate to write this review but i rely on trip advisor reviews when traveling , and had i been warned about the ambulance sirens , i would have chosen to stay elsewhere . if you are a sound sleeper and noise is not an issue then it is a lovely hotel and excellent value . conveniently located . wonderful staff . but quiet is a key priority for me so i would not stay here again . ( 
i want to issue a travel-warning to folks who might sign up for the weekend deal they offer through travelzoo from time to time the deal says ' free breakfast ' included in the price . however , what they don ' t tell you , is that the breakfast consists of a cup of coffee and a bisquit ( or two ) ! moreover , you need to ask for these ' tickets ' at the lobby when you check in - they won ' t give them to you automatically ! we stayed there over christmas ' N , and we , and i noticed several guests who bought the same package , had a rather unpleasant experience ! the hotel is nice though , if you don ' t consider their lousy service ! 
this hotel must have originally been an ordinary downtown hotel in a not very nice neighborhood . the owners have painted it over and fixed up the lobby to make it an ' upscale ' overpriced boutique hotel . but it ' s still just an ordinary hotel with a paint job . stay here if you want to experience staying in a flophouse , but with all the sleaze removed . definitely stay at the chain ' s other location , the burnham , for a much , much nicer hotel . 
we live down the block from the hotel . we arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away . the floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night . i think the ambassador east was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there . over the years i had had some visiting groups stay there . i had also eaten there and been to the bar but i had never stayed there myself . the lobby is elegant . the service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated . the location is the best residential area in the city ( as far as i am concerned -- i live two blocks away ) and it is very convenient to north michigan avenue ( a good shopping street ) and reasonably convenient to the loop ( the main business area ) there are also probably N restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city . i paid less than N including tax for one night . i am not sure what their regular rates are but i think my deal was the best travel bargain around . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is a nice place to stay if you need a place to stay on quick notice , but it certainly does not ' exceed expectations ' as touted on their website . their starpoints system is somewhat complicated and not helpful for the frequent traveler . ' chic but not fussy ' is an overstatement . the room was clean , although the bed covering was wrinkled and the bathroom counter had water lying on it that appeared as though it hadn ' t been cleaned since the last guest . there was hand lotion and shampoo samples , but no soap sample . the bathroom was short on two towels and it took two calls to housekeeping to get this fixed . ' cheap ' might have been a better adjective . check out was simple and not much hassle . overall , the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is fine in a pinch , but next time , i will research hotels a little better before making a decision and reserving a room . 
recently stayed at the james chicago and will not be returning anytime soon . the staff is unfriendly to say the least and the prices are outrageous . also not a fan of the fact they allow pets as guests . there wasn ' t enough space in the gym and the lack of variety in equipment limits your options severely . ultimately i was very unimpressed with the services as a whole and would recommend you avoid this establishment . 
what a terrible experience my family and i had at affinia chicago ! first of all , we reserved a room with N queen size beds and received only N king size bed with a cot . when we got to the room , we found hair balls on the floor as if a cat had previously stayed there . what an absolute terror affinia was and i will never be going back ! 
this place had character i ' ll give it that . but it wasn ' t really my style . arrived late in the evening . the first room they gave me the tv didn ' t work . maintenance took a look at it , and couldn ' t figure it out . told me i ' d have to wait until the morning for the electrician . he then passed some gas and left . real professional . i phoned the front desk on account of the tv , and was able to get another room the second room was much like the first . horrible striped wall paper , dingy , and old worn carpet . bathroom was incredibly small . hard to use the toliet without banging into the door , or the sink . very cramped . the beds weren ' t very comfortable either . room temp hard to regulate and the ac somewhat noisy . location seem very convenient . i was there for a training session about N blocks away . but all of the theatres seemed to be near by , if thats what you were there for this place may be tolerable for a night or two . and don ' t make a long distance phone call from your room without a calling card . it was about N minute . i knew it would be expensive but wasn ' t expecting that type of rate . 
i ' ve stayed at other hotels in chicago , but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience . first off the staff was incredibly rude . i could have lived with that being that it was busy , but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out . the room was also horrid . it smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that i was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair . there was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain . mark my words never again will i stay at this dump ! 
we had a reservation for N rooms with N adults and N kids , got only N rooms on arrival . N of the corner rooms with an extra room . during the night it was very cold and we were not able to change the a . c . , even though we switched it off , it went on cooling , strange ! at night it was very loud from the street . in the morning they uploaded something infront of our window and i stood vertically in the bed , not what you need , if you only spend N night in a hotel . we came here a few years ago and had it better in mind . the area is in good walking distance to all famous shopping places , very good . clean and fancy . sorry , but next time we ll be looking for a more quiet hotel in chicago . 
the hyatt regency chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that i have ever stayed at . i stayed there for N days and two nights . my room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully . the staff was very kind and very helpful . the concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in chicago . overall , a beautiful hotel in a beautiful city . 
 if you are traveling anywhere near lake michigan within the next year or less , i would highly recommend staying at the sofitel hotel . unbeatable elegance , fine dining , and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of . along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest . if there were such a thing as a N star rating , the sofitel would surely have it . my visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort . located minutes from everything in downtown chicago , one would hardly want to leave . fine dining , dancing , and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting , or social event in town . the sofitel hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave . 
we planned to stay for N nights on a family trip . i booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite , then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff . well , our stay here lasted N night and we quickly , and thankfully , switched to a different hotel for our last N nights . the room was dirty . when we opened the sofabed , the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out . ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used , and theoretically cleaned , a lot . extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms weren ' t much better . temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night , it made for a cold stay . if you like to eat for free ( they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights ) and don ' t care to eat the great food chicago has to offer , i guess some may find this place tolerable . but we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a golden corral . the only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area ( we switched to the james and had a great experience ) . i couldn ' t be paid to stay here again . i ' m shocked by the high overall rating given our experience . 
my stay at the hyatt regency was an experience that i ' ll never ever forget - not in a good way . check-in was actually pretty easy and the clerk was pleasant . i went up to my room and looked around , all seemed ok at first . i was bushed so i flopped on the bed . . . ohhhhh noooooo ! the bed was as hard as a military bunk from my army days . but i was so tired that i just passed out . of course i woke up with a back ache . . . great . i figured a hot soak in the tub would help my back so i plugged the tub , turned the hot water on full force , and poured in some shower gel . i put my foot in expecting some real heat - the water was barely lukewarm . i called the front desk but they were no help , the clerk just apologized . frustrated at this point , i turned on the tv and switched on the air . i put my hand over the vent to see how cold the air was and i saw something slimy inside of the vent . it looked like a wet gray chunk of goop or something . i couldn ' t take anymore of this . i went down to the front desk and complained to the clerk . it seemed as though the guy was on something - he kept smiling as he apologized , no empathy as if he ' s used to hearing about the goop in the ac . he offered me a free night but there is no way that i ' d stay at this place again - ever . 
having traveled to chicago on business once before , i was looking forward to spending some vacation time in the city and wanted to have the best accommodations for my trip . after some research , i decided that the palmer house hilton sounded like the perfect place to stay . and , in a way , it was perfect -- perfectly awful . after reading some positive reviews and checking out the hotel ' s website , i was expecting a luxury room that was a notch above the ordinary . however , my standard guest room , which the hotel ' s website describes as ' deluxe , ' was very bland and generic and reminded me of rooms i had stayed in at budget chain hotels , not pricier historic hotels , such as this one . the carpeting looked dingy , so i had to wear shoes or slippers any time i walked on it and there was a gap in the curtains that made it impossible to block out the sunlight in the morning -- or the horrendous view of a brick wall that i had from my window . in addition , the sink in the bathroom dripped constantly and was an annoyance all night long . everything cost extra , including the gym , the pool and the spa , and the restaurant prices were outrageous . this hotel is overpriced , overrated and definitely subpar . i wouldn ' t recommend it to my worst enemy . 
the james hotel in chicago was a huge let down . i was expecting a truly spectacular experience . on the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel . well , my family ' s bad experience started right when we walked in the door . it turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else , and the man at the front desk was extremely rude . we had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us . the room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they weren ' t already in the room . the one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym . all in all , i feel that we paid way too much for what we got . next time i will look to stay somewhere else . 
my family and i stayed at this hotel during an extended weekend trip in july , N . we had ( N ) N bedroom suites . great location in downtown chicago . within walking distance to shopping and most downtown tourist attractions . the service was excellent and the hotel staff was friendly . the breakfast buffet was very good but the eating area can get crowded . i recommend going early . the rooms were quiet and clean . i highly recommend this hotel for families and for travelers staying N-N days . we would stay here again . parking is expensive , about N day . it is valet . the cheapest self parking i could find in the area was N days so we did valet parking . the valet and bell staff were very helpful and friendly . this is my Nrd experience with homewood suites ( N different cities ) . i have had a great experience each time . 
we have stayed at several high end places in chicago and this is still our favorite . location is superb , staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying . cornell , at the front desk , is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge . we love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program , high speed internet is gratis , as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing . bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains ! we have never had a bad stay at this hotel . 
ambassador east is an awesome hotel ! ! ! understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel . my family stayed at the ambassador for two nights in a suite . very clean room with great space . the best part of the ambassador is not the rooms though . the staff was extremely courteous , especially the concierge . if you stay here you have to go to the pump room . the restaurant is full of nostalgia , the staff is great , and the food is excellent . great atmosphere and music . 
since this was our first visit to the ' windy city , ' we wanted to stay somewhere that was central and unique . we read many great reviews regarding the kimpton brand so we gave it a go . the ' go ' ended up being a ' no go . ' we were sorely disappointed . when we arrived the ladies at the front desk were very nice . we have two kids with us , so we needed a crib for our N month baby . we were told ' no problem . ' unfortunately , it took them about N or N hours to get us the crib and we were in a lurch as to what to do next . then , we noticed a bug ( or bugs ) near the fridge area . yikes ! we called downstairs to complain and to be switched to a different room ( or floor ! ) . our request was met about N minutes later . by this time , we were so tired from the flight and the first impressions , we almost wanted to throw the towel in . customer service was so lacking ! we wanted to get settled and go grab a bit in the city , but had to wait around for our new room and the crib . this is not what we expected at all for this high price ! will have to think hard before we book with a kimpton hotel again . 
the hotel monaco claims to be a ' boutique chicago luxury hotel , ' but it certainly was neither luxurious nor stylish . the pictures posted on the website imply that the guest is going to stay in a room with an amazing view , but that was certainly not the case for this customer ! the decor , which might be ' cutesy ' or ' charming ' to some was actually quite tacky and outdated . the bathrooms had a musty smell and did not meet the cleanliness standards of a hotel claiming to be ' one of the top N hotels u . s . ' don ' t be fooled by a snappy website with some selective photos--this hotel does not live up to its billing . you will be disappointed , as was i , if you expect anything more than a run-of-the-mill experience at a merely average hotel . 
the james chicago is a stuffy , uninviting hotel . if you are looking for all of the comforts of home , do not stay here . the rooms are like boardrooms , not bedrooms . definitely not a child-friendly hotel . the restaurant on site is also very modern and screams pretentious . i would not vacation here again , especially not with children . they were afraid to touch anything in the whole hotel ! 
i stayed at the swissotel for a business trip the first week of aug N . i arrived late the first night and got shoved into a hospitality room the first night . however , this was more than made up when after a strong talk they assigned me a corner room on the Nth floor . excellent view of the city , river and lake michigan . in fact , i would say the corner room of the swissotel has a better view than any other hotel in the vicinity . the room was huge , and everything was clean and the bathroom was nice . the hotel is very convieniently located to the magnificient mile and millenium park . would very much recommend this hotel , and would suggest trying every method possible to get a corner room in a higher floor . 
stayed here for N nights in apri . from check in the stay was perfect all round , staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially chris and scott . the location couldn ' t be better right on michigan avenue so easy access to everything . room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day . will definately recommend it to friends and family . 
my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel was by far the worst hotel stay i ever had . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . they promised i would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all . when i got to my room i ordered room service and it took them N minutes to bring what i ordered . i am highly dissatisfied . 
the lines at the check in desk were tremendously long so we decided to use the computerized self check in . the only option the self check in gave us was the size of the bed . when we got to our room , we immediately realized we were placed in a smoking room but we were unable or perhaps the staff was unwilling to move us to a non smoking room . i am allergic to the smoke and that made my stay uncomfortable . the walls seemed thin and we could clearly hear the conversations of the guests in the rooms next to us . when we went to breakfast , we were seated quickly but it was nearly ten minutes before our server arrived . for the price they were charging , the wait was unacceptable and we went elsewhere . it also took ten extra minutes than promised for the valet to get our car . for forty dollars a day for parking , we expected better . 
perfect location , clean and courteous staff all added up to a great stay . its in an area with plenty of stores ( the mile ) and restaurants . hotel lobby is on the Nth floor and the elevator to get there was annoyingly slow but overall i would highly recommend this place regardless if your there with a family , friends or on business . the subway to wrigley is a N N block away from the front door . 
very pleasant front staff , wine in the evening in the lobby , large rooms , great rates , and free internet for those that are members of the loyalty program . overall an excellent value . close to the el for those coming in from either midway or o ' hare airports . 
my husband and i decided to take a trip to chicago at the last minute and quickly chose the conrad , not really knowing it ' s location . we were pleasantly surprised to find it was almost right on michigan ave . ( it ' s connect to nordstroms right in the heart of downtown . ) great for shopping . the hotel itself was fabulous . the staff was extremely helpful in giving suggestions for shows and restaurants . i recommend going to joe ' s that ' s right across the street from the hotel . everyone was raving about it . . . but we couldn ' t get a reservation . the room was wonderful and the bed and pillows were very comfortable . it had a very warm and inviting atmosphere . my husband loved the workout room . i highly recommend the conrad ! ! 
we stay at hilton for N nights last march . it was a pleasant stay . we got a large room with N double beds and N bathrooms , the tv was ok , a N ' crt flat screen . the coincierge was very friendly when we need . the room was very cleaned when we arrived , we ordered some pizzas from room service and the pizza was ok also . the main hall is beautiful . the breakfast is charged , N dollars , kinda expensive . the internet access ( wifi ) is charged , N dollars day . pros low rate price , huge rooms , close to attractions at loop , close to metro station . cons expensive breakfast , internet access charged . tip when leaving the building , always use the michigan av exit . its a great view . 
this hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed , nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities . the ' fitness center ' is an oversized closet ! we were appalled during our stay ! truly anticipated ' warm , irish hospitality ' and short of a barman , no one was irish , warm or hospitable ! manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request . her manager ( ? ) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us . room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at N Nam it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate . to call this a red roof inn would be an insult to rri ! the manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all . the only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off . 
extremely disappointed in our stay . this hotel did not look like what pictures portrayed online . i booked online thinking what a perfect place this was going to be , only to arrive and have a room without a view even though that is what was paid for . the room smelled musty and not clean . garbage was not changed from prior person . found small ants in bathroom near shower . called to complain and someone came up N hours later and used bug spray . overall this hotel is in a great location , but we would never visit again . staff was not overly friendly or helpful and the room was not as all as it seemed online . 
hyatt regency hotel good ole downtown , chicago . hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers . well , when we got to our room , one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times . upon setting up the channel scanning which , the reception came in fuzzy all around , there was an interattive ethernet feature that after , lost in confusion of how to work it , provided us with our first fee ! the pool was in bad shape . the maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities . . just knock knock knock . we let em ' right in as they started vacuuming . one of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the gideon ' s bible had crib notes . what a room ! not to mention what the hotel was like ! oh geez . 
i loved this hotel . the room was so chic and trendy , the bed was comfortable , great slippers and robes . i love the keihl ' s bath products in the bathroom . we went during my birthday weekend , and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room . we got a great deal on a junior suite from travelzoo , but when we tried to take another trip to chicago , the deal was gone . i really recommend the hotel . i loved it . the only problem we had was with the david burke steakhouse . the service was horrible , they switched our order with the table next to our ' s and the only compensation was they took off a N side dish we ordered ( and they were nice enough to not charge us for the other side dish we didn ' t get ) . don ' t go there . go to the lawry ' s accross the street . but stay at the james . ( btw- its not a N-star hotel like the website lists- its at least N-star ) 
we absolutely loved the knickerbocker . now , if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable , forget this place . if holiday inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs , the knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city . the location is great , the hotel bar is cozy and classy , and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in victorian mansions . for the price , you simply can ' t do any better than this in downtown chicago . 
i loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities . great location , as it ' s so close to both lakeshore and city . chicago is such a walkable city , so this was a superb base . the staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient . the room was wonderful - very , very comfortable and exceptionally clean . great chair . great coffee . lovely bathroom with a huge , absolutely fantastic shower . it was also extremely quiet . that , and the best bed ever , meant i slept so well and since i was there for a week , that was very important to me . yummy martinis at the martini bar . i will most definitley be back ! 
so . . . the location to the clark lake train stop is great . . . and that is the only thing that is great with the hotel . the wall are very thin . . . so much you can hear giggling and early morning housekeeping conversations in the hallway . there is no coffee maker in the room , however free coffee is available in the lobby . . . becuase everyone wants to go to the lobby first thing in the morning ? ? ? finally , the ' business center ' is a pay for use set-up . . . no courtesty internet usage or printing . lastly . . . they bathroom is micro-tiny and lacks in counterspace and comfort . 
we attended a bachorette party in chicago in aug N . there were N girls total . we had N rooms . . . and i did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend . never been to chi-town before , i booked our hotel based on reviews from ta . and we were not disappointed . the staff is wonderful , the happy hour was just fabulous . the room was nice and clean , with a great double headed shower and aveda products was an extra bonus ! then you also get free internet in your room ! the hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness . we still talk about what a wonderful time we had . . . and we all agree that if we ever go back to chicago we will be staying at the amalfi again . trust me the pics don ' t do it justice ! 
after recent week stay at the affinia hotels , i can definitely say i will be coming back . they offer so many in room amenities and services , just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be . my most enjoyable experience at the affinia hotel was the amazing customization they offered , i would recommend affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay . 
my husband i stayed at the fitzpatrick in early june N for my birthday-great hotel ! location provides easy walking to navy pier , marshall field , michigan avenue john hancock . room seemed spacious even though its only about N sq ft . lots of room in bathroom comfortable bed very quiet , upscale hotel . we would definitely stay here again ! 
this hotel was great - in a great area right downtown and close to everything . the daily happy hour had great food , wine and premium liquors . the free breakfast was even better ! actually i believe everything was included breakfast happy hour business center wifi . our room was a king size facing the back of the building . really clean new and comfortable . small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - would highly recommend . 
i recently stayed in the talbott hotel in chicago with my family of three . i absolutely loved it and will definitely return ! the customer service of the staff at the front desk was fantastic . they were very helpful in helping us decide on what activities to do and what restaurants to visit during our stay . for the nights we didn ' t want to go out , we had room service . the food from the hotel restaurant was so delicious and the service was very quick . i also loved their commitment to the environment . it is clear to me why they have won so many awards . thank you talbott for a wonderful stay ! 
i haven ' t actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service . i visit chicago quite often and usually stay at the intercontinental , but yesterday i read some online articles advertising the james hotel ' s ' cyber monday special ' . the promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website , the hotel will match that amount in ' james credits ' that can be used toward your stay . none of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits . my next trip to chicago is in april , so i thought i ' d give the james a try . i travel frequently with my pet and i ' ve heard they have a very liberal pet-policy . so today i went online and bought a N certificate . me , having the one track mind that i do , somehow missed the part about the credits expiring march N , N . i realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament . i said i couldn ' t be in chicago until april ( i ' m overseas on business until then ) , and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month , or it not , refund my gift certificate purchase . i had only just made the purchase minutes before and hadn ' t even recieved my email confirmation yet . most businesses offer a N hr grace period . the girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying ' too bad , it ' s your problem now ' . she didn ' t even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all . so now that i know this is the kind of service i can expect from the james , i might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel , or try hotel monaco . i hear they have great service and are good with pets too . 
the talbott hotel was very classy , professional , and luxurious . i loved how the staff was nice and respectful . i was treated like i was royalty when i was there , when in checked i was greeted by all of the people working behind the front desk and was offered a tour of the hotel . they took my bags and put them in my room while i was taking the tour and they even escorted me to my room right after we were done . this is a very nice and modern looking and their rooms are spacious and clean unlike other hotels in their area . i have recommended this hotel to all of my family and friends and would recommend it to anyone who is going to stay in that area . 
this was the Nnd time that we have stayed at the hyatt regency chicago . the first time was far above our expectations for a N per night room . the rooms are very nice , and the beds are comfortable . this time we got a great rate through travelzoo N night for a room with a view . we were aware of the N parking per night . the first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we couldn ' t park they were full . we had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over N minutes looking at closed parking garages . ( it was a saturday evening ) finally found a spot and were told that it would be N . this was N blocks from the hotel . mind you its -N outside and we have luggage to carry too . not very good service for a N-star hotel . we got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby , its called the harddrive . that ' s cool and all , yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room , it wasn ' t an issue . the hvac controls to our room were broken . the first night we were ok , but by the second night it was blazing hot in there , N degrees . so hot we couldn ' t sleep . it was miserable . they sent up the ' engineer ' and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window , N floors up . it never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night . it was N below that night and the window being open N ' didn ' t help . they would not put us in another room either . at checkout , monday morning , our bill came to N . N after taxes for the room . we then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for N . N . cool , i got my reciepts and went on our way . on wednesday i was on my online banking checking my account , to find that hyatt charged me N . N and another charge of N . N ! ! ! that is almost N more than what the reciepts from checkout say . i was furious , so i called the hotel . nothing was resolved by my phone call , they treated me as if N isn ' t but something you wipe with . she said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off . that didn ' t settle well with me , but what could i do . i waited . its friday now . i check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts , and they still have ' authorizations ' on the two incorrect amounts as well . they have charged me an additional N ! ! ! ! ! ! im so furious ! and guess what . . . hyatt doesn ' t care . they gave me the same -- line as they did wednesday . save yourself some hassle and don ' t stay at this hotel unless you have extra money for them to play with . 
i selected the talbott after N hrs comparing hotels online . we have had wonderful experiences with boutiques ( monaco , allegro ) and assumed this would be comparable . good points the lobby is beautiful , and one staff member took roses i bought for my wife and arranged them nicely . the many problems when my wife called with a question on our arrival day , the agent could find no reservation -- N mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly . when we arrived , the lobby was stuffed with students nobody tried to manage the group , several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk . we left our bags and went out for N hrs so we could check in with less hassle . we finally were checked in , after waiting N mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms . when we got there , our room had not been made up from the last guest . when we complained , we were given an ' upgrade ' to a room that was old and uninspired . chairs are scuffed , closet shelves are bowed , the air conditioner is noisy , and a wall lamp is loose . the view is of a construction site . movies-on-demand are dated . we expect this from a budget hotel , not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale . when we returned after an evening out , the card reader to open the main doors did not work . one staff member admonished us ( really ) for not using the reader , when in fact we had tried . this was embarrassing , as others were standing in the lobby . i tried to access the hotel ' s wifi network , but was only given a N . N upgrade option . i called the desk , and was told to ' click past it ' , which of course did nothing . it wasn ' t until N hrs later the complimentary access worked . we are pretty easygoing we love good treatment and tip handsomely . if we had only Nor N problems , we wouldn ' t write . in fact , we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right . the president wrote a letter , and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch . . . nobody ever was . 
i found this wonderful hotel ! the location is awesome , just minutes away from all the shopping , restaurants and bars you could possibly want . i was in town for an interview , so i was really nervous . i ended up suggesting the hotel restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us , they made me feel so comfortable that i was hardly nervous at all . and the place was pack ! the room was superb ! really cool design . i had a room they call an apartment , and it was fantastic ! the natural light you get in this room is awesome , and i am very sensitive to dark places . they have a full bar in the room , which i was able to use to entertain my friends that night . i went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and i have to say i have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel . all the staff made me feel like i was family . they were available to me at any time , and so friendly ! i will definitely be back for another stay . 
while the hotel looked absolutely lovely from the outside , my experience went downhill once i walked in . the lighting is very poor , which creates such a dark and gloomy atmosphere . the mood was accompanied by less-than-friendly staff members who made our check-in seem like nothing more than a huge hassle . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet night or a nice stay . i definitely would not stay here again . 
my family and i went to this hotel on holiday last month . it was a very bad hotel . when we got there we imediatly checked in and went up to our room . the view from the window was a brick wall . really ? we even asked the lasy at the front desk , but she said they couldn ' t put us in a room with a view cause we didn ' t book one and we couldn ' t upgrade . also , my wife is a light sleeper and the trains kept her up at night . another thing is alot of ads boast a hot tub in all the rooms but this is not true , our room only had a normal tub . but , the tub had no stopper , so we could only take showers . the room was also very small compared to other hotels with around the same prices . 
location is excellent , but don ' t valet your car there , ( N . N a day ) . bed was to soft , pillows were flat , we couldn ' t open up the mini bar cabinet because the bed was in the way . all in all not what you ' d expect from a hotel in that area . 
we stayed at the fairmont two nights for the sofa art fair at the navy pier . i was impressed that the bellman called us by name when he met the taxi and pronounced it correctly , which is quite unusual . everyone smiled and welcomed us . the lobby looks clean and friendly , not ultramodern , but not at all tired or worn . our room , also clean and comfortably furnished , was larger than we expected , with a clean , modern bath and a lovely view of the navy pier and the lake . we did not eat at the restaurant , but it looked attractive . our only problem was that we had asked for non-feather pillows , upon reserving the room , upon checking in , and calling housekeeping . after waiting an hour , we went to bed . the next day the check-in desk person was extremely apologetic and by the time we returned , all the feathers were replaced with foam and non-allergenic materials . the hotel is convenient to millenium park and michigan ave . we would stay there again , assuming we could get good rates . 
we got an outstanding rate by signing up for the hotels ' website newsletter . affinia has a great location just off michigan avenue near the water tower . beware however parking is expensive in the gold coast . . . . N night . right from the start , victor greeted us and made us feel welcome . check-in was easy and our room was gorgeous . however , it was a handicapped acessible room and i wanted a tub , so one call to the front desk and we had another room . all rooms have been renovated and they are beautiful , comfortable and well appointed . the rooftop bar is a must-do . the outside patio has heaters and candles , a high table for big groups and little groupings of chairs and sofas to get comfy on and enjoy the views . we didn ' t sit inside the bar area . pedro and quentin were excellent bellmen , and christopher ( concierge ) was very helpful . as we left , we shook victor ' s hand ( he ' s always there ! ) and told him we ' ve found our new chicago hotel ! 
i was not pleased with my recent stay at the palmer house hilton . my room was not ready upon my arrival and the room i was given was not what i had requested . i had requested a room with N queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that . the air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off . the room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up . i wondered what had happened in the room before i got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener . there was no doorman available or a cart so i had to lug my N suitcases by myself by dragging N of them about N feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items . luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance . my room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff . they promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after N calls to the front desk i finally gave up . i had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that i spent to stay there . 
i expected a glamorous room and i walked into a disappointment . housekeeping and management must not be concerned with attention to detail at this hotel . if you like staying somewhere that the air in the rooms doesn ' t go down past N , the closet is N ' wide , all old dirty brass fixtures , beds that are a little bigger than a twin , showerheads that barely put out water , then this is your hotel . i might be spoiled by staying in marriott ' s , but i stay in hotels N N of the year and was severly disappionted . no free breakfasts or a room change will get me to stay here again . 
when you ' re standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all , nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again . the worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem ( they told me that it happens to the upper floors , and i wasn ' t even staying on the highest floor ! ) as if that makes it ok . i can look past the ' rustic ' decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash , but c ' mon , a girl ' s gotta shower . 
chicago is my favorite city visit . i wanted to share this special city with a new love and booked us a room at the swissotel . it is advertised as close to downtown and close to the museums of chicago . i wanted to share my new love . it was indeed close to the museums but to get to either the shopping district or the chicago art institute it was a long walk , full of detours , and it was not easy to grab a cab . while the rooms seemed to be luxuriously decorated the beds were uncomfortable and the rooms just were not very clean . the room service was slow , the food arrived cold , and the total experience was way so expensive for what we got . i do not think i have ever experienced the level of noise in such a ' grand hotel ' as the swissotel seems . i would not recommend the swissotel because disappointment , noise , and cold food should just not cost that much . 
i went to stay in the millenium hotel chicago . now , first , being from rural midwest i was surprised at the price in general , but kind of accepted it when i was assured by my cousin ( whom i was visiting in chicago ) said it was normal . so i check in , service seems fine . i get checked in , room seems ok . a couple of hours later , a lady comes into my room , not a hotel employee , just some lady . turns out , they cross checked the rooms . we ( her and i ) went down and complained . turns out they double booked the room , not that they were full , but they were full on that room type , standard , as well as the superior rooms . rather than simply upgrade one of us for the mistake they asked which one of us would like to ' move up ' . we argued with them for N minutes , they didn ' t budge , our only option was for one of us to fork over an extra N for a corner superior . we ( the lady , her name was sharon ) decided to split the difference some , she gave me N and i moved . i get to the new room about N minutes later , nobody , but sharon helped me move . i get there , the bed was thrown together , not made , and the bathroom wasn ' t clean , the garbage had a kleenex in it ( i wasn ' t going to check if it was used ) . i called down , it was now Npm . no answer , i called for N minutes and finally got a hold of someone . i told them about the state of my room . they said they would have someone up ' right away ' . i waited N minutes and a lady comes in , not in uniform , but she did a hell of a job cleaning . she switched out the garbage , wiped out the whole bathroom , vaccuumed around me , and switched out the bedding , all told she was in and out in N minutes . she didn ' t say two words to me , but she did clean . i stayed the night and checked out a Nam and will never go back . ryan from iowa 
the hotel is excellently situated for visiting the art institute or millennium park . it is an ' old classic ' of a hotel , and the main lobby is a must see , but i would not stay there again . the problem with any hotel dating from long ago ( the current one was built in N-N ) is that , even with extensive remodeling ( which was done in N-N ) it is hard to create spaces that are comparable to what is expected today ( in many cases the walls are load bearing so cannot be changed too much ) . we had a reasonably sized room ( king bed and space for a desk and lounge chair ) but the bathroom was very small with little space to spread out toiletries . also , there was no coffee machine in the room - something i have come to expect in virtually all hotels these days . my major complaint about this stay was the executive lounge . it is usually worth while to pay the extra for access - in most hotels it is not much more than the cost of two breakfasts and there are usually some hors d ' oeuvres in the evening along with a modest wine at a modest price . ( since we are currently at the diamond level in the hilton honors program , we get access for free at the hiltons but i usually upgrade at other chains such as the hyatt . ) at the palmer executive lounge i ordered a couple of glasses of wine ( there was a bartender on duty ) and was slightly surprised by the cost - N glass which came to N . N for two with tax and tip - and was even more surprised by the wine . it was about the worst wine i had tasted in many years . i didn ' t think it was even as good as trader joe ' s cheapest N . N wine that i tried a couple of weeks ago . unfortunately i didn ' t get a look at the bottle to see what it was ( although i did notice that she had to fish it out of the back of a cupboard ) . i noticed that a couple of groups in the executive lounge had brought their own wine in - and i can understand iot at the prices they were charging . it then occurred to me that the wine had been sitting around open for some time . i checked the room service menu and saw that they offered three red wines by the glass - the same three varietals as at the bar . the cabernet was a william hill at N . N glass from room service . i presume that what i had had at some time been a william hill that had been left to turn to vinegar . it was slightly more expensive from room service , but i hope that it was in a lot better condition . 
a decent place to stay . the people are nice enough , yet the atmosphere was not what i was expecting . the rooms were not very spacious , nor welcoming . so many places to eat , yet the food was very pricey and average . i would stay here again possibly , but i feel like i could find a better option for a better price . 
my wife and i came to spend the weekend in downtown chicago for shopping and we found this conrad hotel well located close to everything downtown and of a size that doesn ' t make you feel lost in the convention world . we have had this feeling when staying at larger hotels in the past . our suite has view on michigan avenue with a bit of the lake at the end . staff was very professional , pleasant and friendly making us feel very comfortable . internet is free n the rooms and i am making my review from there . 
overpriced is the best word to describe the conrad chicago hotel . while it may be in downtown chicago , the room had no view . although i asked for non-smoking , the room reeked of smoke . the elevators were very slow , and one was not working during my stay . there was a stain on the pillow , and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken . there was a dead bug in the bath tub . i was only given N towels for my N night stay . my credit card was billed twice , and it took N weeks to reverse to extra charge . i do not recommend this hotel at all ! 
first let me say , the front office people at hotel monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what i ' d hoped . there are some other problems the furnishings are quite rundown , and housekeeping wasn ' t very helpful . we booked a suite and the sofa bed , chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use . i ' ve attached pictures , so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows . comfortable it was not ! the chair bottom is all broken down too . i invited one of the assistant managers to view our furniture , and a slight adjustment was made in our rate . as to housekeeping , we had ordered an in-room coffee service ( which kimpton ' s web site says is there , but you have to specifically request ) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee . we had to call the front desk every day . and , housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl . i had requested water be added to the bowl when i noticed it going down and my note was disregarded . these things may not matter to you , but if you plan to spend a week , like we did , you might want to be comfortable . the bedroom and bathroom were superior just the living room was bad . 
triple a rate with upgrade to view room was less than N which also included breakfast vouchers . had a great view of river , lake , wrigley bldg . tribune bldg . most major restaurants , shopping , sightseeing attractions within walking distance . large room with a very comfortable bed . 
hi ho hi ho , off to chicago we go . here ' s the skinny , if you ' re hoping to run into a washed up rock star ( cece deville for us , and no the teenagers had no idea who he was ) you may want to spend your hard earned money here . i took my younger sister and a couple of her friends ( teenagers ) for an overnighter in chicago on our way to wisconsin . i chose the hard rock for the ambiance . i mean come on it is supposed to be ' cool ' . well it wasn ' t . the positives it is in the carbon carbide building , which is beautiful . the location it sits in the middle of everything the lobby has two computers for guest use . the fitness center is very nice . cardio machines have individual tv ' s and there are head phones in case you forgot yours . they have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack . check-in and out was quick and valet was very courteous . the negatives the rooms were small and ours wasn ' t clean ( pistachio shells on the floor ) . the rooms were painted purplish gray ( we were on the prince floor ) with a picture of bob marley hanging on one of the walls . the girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows . bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub . the cable reception was poor i kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture . it isn ' t anywhere near the hard rock cafe . there was very little memorabilia . there is no pool , and yes i knew this when i made the reservation . to wrap it up , i won ' t be staying here again . if i am going to drop almost N benjamins on a hotel room , i will stay at the palmer house hilton . but that is a whole different review . 
we just arrived from a N nights stay at the sofitel chicago water tower . it was faboulous . fine linen , nice room with bigs windows , bathroom with a shower , flat tv . check for the deals on the sofitel website , we had N nights for the price of two ! 
my wife and i stayed here in the middle of february N . we took the ( el ) subway to the hotel from o ' hare . it was very convenient . the lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable . i ' ve stayed in many a hotel room , this bed was the most comfortable i ' ve ever slept in . the hotel is located in a great area and close to everything . walking distance to almost all the interesting sites chicago has . would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city . 
couldn ' t have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown chicago . hotel sofitel is right in the heart of the action , allowing my friends and i to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown ' s famous for . the room was comfy , with two queen mattresses , down stuffed duvets and chic decor . the bar downstairs was a bit pricey , but made up for it by being comfortable , sleek , and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails . one night we didn ' t feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the cafe des architectes , which had an amazing array of choices , mostly of the french persuasion . i would definitely book here again ! 
my family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early august . we were promised a room with two double beds . when we arrived ( earlier than most ) we were told they were N double beds short . we reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed . we had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a N year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away . little did we know we were being charged a daily fee for this bed . the managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel . the bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night . the managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating . we were so disappointed in this hotel . also , they do not have a pool here . if you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay N a day to use it . N for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous . do yourself a favor , if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise , go elsewhere . chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one . i never heard back from managment on this issue when i called and emailed so obviously they don ' t care , even when i told them i ' d write a review on this website . chicago is an awesome city though . we loved it ! 
advertised as a luxury hotel the conrad chicago is more gouge than grand . my wife and i decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in chicago for our tenth anniversary . after looking at several hotels in the ' magnificent mile ' territory of downtown chicago we selected the conrad . the conrad ' s website impressed us immediately . the pictures of the rooms were lovely , they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions , not that we were planning to watch much tv . we called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system , i was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn ' t figure out how i was unable to make my reservations via the automated system . in any case i picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid september . my wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online , most impressed with the view . it cost a pretty penny , more than i would normally spend on out of town accomidations , but her happiness was worth it . unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the conrad . valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife ' s purse when unloading the luggage . we spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it . at the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system . i explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost . by the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay . that ended when we found out that our ' view ' was of a back alley service corridor . so much for the skyline . overall , the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow . i hate to be picky but i was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up . the spa had very limited hours as well . somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams , away from the hotel . it was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count . i would not recommend the conrad chicago . i would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in chicago . i was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms , but wouldn ' t have cleaned out so much of my wallet . 
was slated for two nights in chicago , june N - N , N . i could onyl get the intercon for both nights . i booked a handicapped room since that was they had left . after reading other reviews of the property , i decided to move it from two nights to one , and stay the second night at the hotel monaco . of course , upon check-in , i was given a suite . nice room , great linens , clean bathroom , and very quiet . parking is really high ( N ) . i understand some peopel saying the rooms need to be updated , but everything was clean and worked well . at , ost , the rooms were a bit dark . i had a late night drink at the bar , which was reasonably priced . i did not eat there , but the menu seemed pretty good , albeit with the typical hotel mark-ups to be expected . in all , i thought the place was everything i needed , and was very happy with the room , the staff , the linens , and the housekeeping . much better than others have indicated . 
i have visited chicago with my family several times and have never had such a horrible hotel experience ! the staff was rude and unhelpful , and they overcharged my card by more than N ! i had to spend the whole morning on the phone trying to get them to finally fix their mistake . the hotel itself didn ' t live up to our expectations either . . . the inside was dingy and needed cleaning , and our room looked like a bunch of chain smokers had just thrown a crazy party in the room . there were cigarette burns on the sheets , stains on the floor , and there was a hole in the wall where it looked like someone had punched it ! we requested another room , which was only marginally better in terms of cleanliness , only to be kept up all night from the noise of our neighbors yelling and hanging out in the hallway . there are plenty of other places to stay in chicago . avoid hard rock at all costs ! 
this hotel is dizzying with all of the bold colors and patterns everywhere . it smells because pets are allowed . this hotel is also extremely dirty because of the pets allowed . there was mold in our room and bathroom , pet hair everywhere ! kids love pools . how can they claim to be kid friendly without one ? my kid was bored . the food was basically the same every day , no variation in the menu . pictures on their website of the rooms must be reserved for their ' travel club ' because our room didn ' t even remotely resemble the pictures . they did the old bait and switch . we reserved a ' family room ' . when we opened the door of our room , we realized that it wasn ' t what the website pictured or had what the website described . we kept our mouths shut for fear of retaliation by the hotel workers . definitely do not recommend this hotel ! ! ! 
we stayed at the swissotel for a three day weekend , and were disappointed to see the construction when we arrived . is it just me , or is this information not clearly stated on their website ? a giant tarp where a lobby should have been was pretty weird and unwelcoming . the room itself was fine . more bland and generic than the ' european elegance ' claimed on their website . the lack of hot water , was definitely not fine though . there were a couple pluses to our stay at swissotel . the location is good , the bed was comfortable and the room was clean . these few good points certainly did not redeem our experience , and i wouldn ' t pick this place again , even post-construction . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is a magnificent grand hotel . the size of the rooms , and the views of the city are phenomenal . at night the city lights up , and the sight is majestic . the hotel itself , and the employee ' s are wonderful , and well worth the pay to stay in such a place . this hotel has so much to offer , great dining , a fantastic gym set up for those of us , who really like to stay fit no matter what we are doing . my wife and i have just left recently , and we are already planning to stay there on our next trip out . big thumbs up to those who run that place , and helped us enjoy our stay . 
got a good deal on a weekend pacage in this hotel and have to say it is the nicest stay i have had in more than a dozen business trips to chicago . all rooms are suites , staff is friendly and professional , restaurant is out of this world and all the extras like a great health club , turn down service , complimentary morning beverages delivered to room and on and on . room was very clean and every need was attended to without feeling intruded on . will definately stay here again . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel . it was meticulously clean , very orderly , but still perfectly warm and comforting . the rooms are very big and spacious , and the beds are so soft , it ' s like heaven ! i didn ' t test out the room service , but i ' m sure it would be just like everything else . . . perfect ! the hotel staff are just so nice . there was a spectacular view from my room , and looking out over the city at night is so magical . there are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel , and i especially recommend shula ' s steak house . overall , i had a fantastic stay at the sheraton hotel , and i would definitely stay there again ! 
i will never stay here again . i was lured in by the hotel ' s pictures showing a fabulous suite . instead i arrived to find cheap furniture that smelled of old cheese . i called the front desk to see if there was another room available . i was put on hold for five minutes and no one came back on the line . i ended up going to the front desk myself . i was ignored and not given assistance until i interrupted the front desk clerk who seemed to be on a personal call . the clerk apologize but then looked at me with an attitude when i requested another room because mine smelled like old cheese . i was informed that there were no other rooms available but that they would send up housekeeping . housekeeping sprayed some febreeze on the couch and then left . i tried to relax by turning on the tv in the bedroom . i sat on the bed and saw something scurry under the pillow . i checked the corner of the mattress and found bedbugs . i packed up my bags and left after that . i did get a refund on the room after some complaining . i went across town to the marriott where i had a much better stay . 
my daughter wanted to spend the weekend in chicago for her Nst birthday recently , and i wanted to find the best hotel for her experience . i looked at the hotel website and really like hotel allegro ' s insistence in supplying organic fare and in-room spa services , so i booked us for a friday and saturday night . upon arriving , the demeanor of the hotel staff was rude and distant . not enough to warrant a verbal complaint , but enough to make my daughter and i feel uneasy . after check-in , which took at least N minutes due to severe under-staffing , we headed to our room trying to be optimistic . our room was much smaller than the photos on the hotel site suggested , the sink faucet in the bathroom was leaky enough to make a constantly irritating sound , and we only had a stock of N towels , which were never replaced during our stay . we made sure to spend as much time exploring the city as possible just to avoid going back to the hotel . it was a huge disappointment , for me as the customer and for my daughter as the birthday girl . i highly discourage anyone from staying at this hotel . there are much better choices in the chicago area . 
this was a great hotel right in the heart of the chicago loop . within walking distance to the downtown attractions . parking is expensive ( N p nt ) so we parked at a free remote location ( recreation drive ) since we weren ' t planning on driving once we checked in . the staff was friendly and helpful . the rooms are large and clean . 
the room itself was fine and comfortable ( very peaceful ) , but the customer service by the so-called , concierge or ' experience something or the others ' left much to be desired . first , i arrived and the doorman walked me to the desk . i was not greeted with the usual ' hello , welcome to . . . ' . instead , i got , ' your name ? id ? ' no , ' hello ' , no ' welcome to the amalfi hotel , ' just plain old poor customer service from the very beginning ! that left a very bad taste in my mouth , but i decided to let it go and see how the rest of my stay was . 
quite simply the hyatt regency chicago is the business traveler ' s best friend . recently i had to attend a seminar in chicago and stayed at the hyatt . to say i was impressed would be an understatement . centrally located in the heart of downtown , the hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction . on arrival the staff goes into overdrive . they make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel . the rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with N percent cotton linens . my room came equipped with flat screen tv , wi-fi and high speed internet . room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you . there were also car rental on site as were restaurants , cocktail bar and a N hour dining room . they have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features . there is also catering and limo service . the staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional . all in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between . this hotel is definitely worth the price and i will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered . my only regret ? that i could not stay much longer . 
my sister and i went to chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because i have a friend who works at homewood suites here in cleveland so we got a discount . the valets were really friendly , you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel . check-in is on the Nth floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level . that also made finding the hotel tricky because i expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that i just had to pull over to the right side of the street . the lady at the front desk was friendly and informative . our room was very clean . the fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants , storing and reheating food . the complimentary breakfast was great ! they have real food such as eggs , bacon , french toast , cereal , bagels , juice , milk , and yogurt . the hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to navy pier and passes by michigan avenue . they also have free wifi . overall , i would definately stay here again and i would recommend it to others . 
hi , i had very bad experience with this hotel , as the rooms had bad smell and very dim light . the bed sheets were not properly cleaned . also the carpet was dirty though ac was working properly . but i would nor recommend this hotel to my friends as it did not satisfied me . there was a problem with hot and cold water in the bathroom . please do not go to this hotel , it seems very nice from the pictures and all but in actual its different . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is one of the worse hotels i have stayed in . everything from the lobby to the staff to the room experience was horrible . as i walked in to the lobby , the lobby had a fowl smell , similar to rotten eggs . the staff wasn ' t much better , especially room service , where it took over N minutes just to make my request for more towels . the baggage handlers gave me rude service and when checking in or out , they almost just refuse to provide service . the room i stayed in was ill maintained and looked like nothing like in the pictures . the windows were dirty and i couldn ' t see anything outside the window . the room smelled like someone soiled the room and there were ants crawling on the tabletops . if i had to give any suggestion on this hotel , you should just avoid this hotel all together . even a cheap motel has better standards than this hotel . 
the intercontinental chicago hotel is absolutely magnificent . the rooms are of utmost standard and you get treated with such respect . the staff is always there no matter what . not only is the hotel beautiful but it surrounded by beautiful lights and beautiful skyscrapers . i give it two dumbs up . if you are ever in chicago the intercontinental chicago is the place to stay . 
i went here with the family , including our dog marley ( they are very pet friendly ) . we really enjoyed it . this place is huge with over N rooms and suites and is in the center of downtown close to shopping and entertainment . it also seems that it would be a great place to have a wedding or to host an event . i will definately be coming back next time i need to come to chicago definately a fine four star hotel ! 
i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting accommodation in chicago . ideal position , lovely quiet rooms , good facilities , complimentary breakfast well received and the manager ' s evening drinks reception excellent we always tipped the staff who were serving our drinks . the in-house amalfitini cocktail was very good . the staff were very friendly and helpful . if i ever return to chicago i would certainly stay there again . theres nothing bad i can say about this hotel . 
the intercontinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure . nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown chicago , the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm . from the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites , the intercontinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler . book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of chicago . 
from the moment i walked in i was impressed . the staff was very courteous and knowledgeable and the atmosphere was welcoming . the hotel was spacious and glamorous without looking overindulgent . my room was very nice and comfortable with a beautiful view and all everything i would need was in my kitchen . i found the pool and gym to be fantastic and i could truly relax during my stay . i will definitely book another stay at this hotel . 
my N nieces and i stayed here for a long weekend , we had a wonderful time . we arrived early around N Nam and they let us into our room . this was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later room was very clean as was the bathroom . with N women we needed extra towels , they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered . room was also quiet , construction going on behind us and we never heard anything . beds comfy and so were the quilts . . . good location for michigan ave . all in all a wonderful stay . would return . 
i ' ve been here for N days . great location right off of miracle mile , near all major hotels , best shopping and theatres . rooms very large . hotel staff very friendly and helpful , and respond immediately . problems there frequently are homeless people ( even during daylight ) on superior between st . clair and michigan avenue ( the main route you walk for or all activities , and just about everything is in walking distance from here ) . at night , the street on the north side of superior is dark , and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors . the street people do not approach you , although they may stare as you go by . usually N or more along the way , where they sleep on the window sills of neiman marcus . i would not think a woman would feel safe by herself . ( i am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia . ) there are homeless up and down michigan street , but this is different as it ' s a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street . the entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work , and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation . for now , expect two extremely small , warm , slow elevators with long waits serving N floors and warm , cramped hallways ! all the walls throughout the hotel need painting , and the wallpaper is peeling in places . in the room , several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection , the carpets were stained , the bathrooms needed new grout ( some mold visible ) , the tv is very small ( N inch ? ) and the windows very , very dirty . you won ' t get your room serviced unless you ask for it , sometimes more than once . the ' pub ' downstairs is run down , dark and kind of creepy . food and room service are very expensive , as is parking ( N day public and N day valet ) . on the plus side , the bed was very comfortable , there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area , plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans st . clair street toward the north and south . you can see a sliver of lake michigan . pool small , but clean . all in all , it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room , but i think it is overpriced , and i would not stay here again . 
we stayed at amalfi for N nights and i have to say after reading all the reviews here i expected a little bit more . it ' s a fine place with clean bathrooms and comfy beds but it ' s just not worth the money . it does have comfy beds and free continental breakfast . the sheets though , made us itch for some reason and we are normally not sensitive to these things . the breakfast could really benefit from some bagels or yougurt . otherwise , it ' s just an early morning sugar attach of muffins , danishes , sweet breads , and croissants . there are plenty of restaurants around but they are all of the big chain variety , if you are into that sort of thing . also , the windows do not open and there is a climate control device in the room . the problem with it that it keeps blowing air all the time , alternating between cold and warm , right over the bed . there is a sign not to turn it off but we did once just to see what happens and the air in the room got uncomfortably stale . they do have a business center where you can send fax and use internet for free . the problem is it is only one tiny room with one computer in there . one person at a time . . . all and all , we will not stay there again . if we feel like luxury , we have to find some other place . but if we feel like a regular hotel in the heart of the city , maybe we will try red roof inn or something like that . at least we ' ll know what we are paying for . 
i visited the hotel allegro chicago while i was on vacation with my daughter . i booked the room and was very excited because the website alludes to a very lavish interior with amenities far superior to the surrounding hotels . i was particularly excited there was a fitness center because i work out on a regular basis and i would not have to give that up on my vacation . let me start by saying the staff was very rude and i was very dissappointed they could not respect that i was very tired after traveling a very long way . i booked the hotel stay for over a week , which was very expensive , and that seemed to not matter to them at all , despite that fact that i was travelling with a small child as well ! they did nothing to accommodate me , and the woman at the front desk even refused rudely to take my calls or answer any questions about nearby restaraunts insisting that even though she worked there she ' didn ' t know the area ' to tope it all off , the fitness center was under construction so i never got to use it . worst hotel experience of my life , i will never go back . - sandy d . 
the affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to chicago . my wife and i stayed in an upgraded suite . very large room , that is modern and has all the little touches . the staff was extremely helpful and professional . the location is excellent . the price is a good value for what you get . we simply couldn ' t find anything to criticize . highly recommended ! 
we just returned from N nights at the ambassador east . what a gem ! the location in the gold coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the magnificent mile . there is a train station about N blocks away . the room was very comfortable , with nice amenities , and there is free internet service on the Nnd floor . best of all was the bell and lobby staff ! they really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived . i would say that this was the nicest hotel staff i ' ve encountered in all my travels . 
i was very disappointed with this hotel . the front desk clerk was rude she was on a personal call and took N mins . to get off the phone . when i arrived in the room the bed wasn ' t made from the last guest and all the towels were dirty . i called down to the front desk and she made me come back down from the twelveth floor for a new room assignment ( on the twelveth floor ) . once downstairs the clerk treated me as though i had done something wrong . when i arrived in the new room i found the bathroom less than clean . . . there was hair all over the floor , toilet and shower . the shower curtain was mildewed and dried toothpaste spit on the mirror . my allergies started to bother me , immediately upon entering the room , so i checked the filter in the air conditioner . which looked like it had never been cleaned . the comforter was stained and the carpet looked like it never saw a vacuum . while waiting on acceptable room i went to dinner . which proved to be as bad as the rooms . the lettuce in my salad was brown and slimmy . the steak was rare and i asked for medium . not to mention , it tasted like rotten meat . the veggies looked like they had been cooked a week earlier and the potato was shriveled and dry . to top the whole experience off . . . when i went to turn on the lamp in my final room it electrocuted and the ambulance had to come get me for a N day hospital stay . 
the hilton hotel helped us make the most of our trip to chicago . not only are they centrally located near most of chi towns hot spots , but they also helped coordinate discounted admissions to various other attractions . the hilton is very classy with their accommodations . i will be returning at my earliest convenience , be it for business or pleasure . 
i recently stayed at the hyatt regency chicago hotel , in downtown chicago . during my three days there i experienced the worst service of my life ! we made reservations before-hand and upon arrival our room was already booked . it took us nearly two hours to actually get into our room ( after being given the wrong key ! ) . when we entered the room , the sheets were stained with what seemed to be cherry kool-aid . i am going to assume that it wasn ' t . after a night on the town we were bummed for money by three homeless men outside the hotel . after arriving in our room and hoping for a nice hot shower , we found a note on our door with a ' sorry ' note explaining they didn ' t have any hot water . early the next morning we were awoken by housekeeping ( we had a dnd sign on our door ) . so we decided to wake up and go out for breakfast . comes to find out our car was broken into in their parking garage . we filed a police report and the police asked the managers for a video of the surveillance . unfortunately for us their surveillance was out of memory to record anymore . needless to say we left early the next day and i will never return to such a dreadful hotel ever again . 
the hotel is in a good location . it is very contemporary in decoration . beautiful flowers in lobby . the room service was very good . concierge services were also very good . we were treated well . the shower water pressure was very poor . also , at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us , which we were charged for the Nrd night when our room was actually prepaid . it was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel . bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers food . read more 
i would never stay here again . for a hotel that calls itself a four-diamond hotel , it cannot even provide the most basic amenities and services . i would have been more comfortable staying in a run-down motel . the bathroom had not been cleaned properly and the sheets were stained . 
i can easily say this is one of the worst hotels i ' ve stayed at the . the receptionist up front was a snooty , sarcastic teenager or post teenager . you can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner . the room was dirty , stains on the carpet , the showerhead was moldy and rusted , the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches . the towels had a horrible aroma . the hotel is very narrow , so we were near a construction zone so , i would plan on waking up at N am if you choose the talbott . the next day , i asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room . that room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop . i asked for late checkout at Npm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day , if were not out by noon . i had to speak to the manager who gave us till Npm . please stay away from this hotel , i think a holiday inn would be better . andrew f . gulli 
i stayed at the monaco for the labor day weekend when i visited my family in chicago . it is one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at in my life . clean , comfortable and pretty . the rooms were clean and the staff is very caring . i needed some more glasses as my family was sharing drink . the front desk had them sent up in less than N minutes . i will recommend monaco to anyone who will be staying in the chicago area . 
my husband and i recently stayed at the fairmont chicago millennium park . what i expected to be a very pleasant experience , turned out to be a stressful visit . we specifically reserved a non-smoking king room and paid the price for that reservation . upon arrival , the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms available and the representative at the check in desk was not helpful . as we had no other options , we accepted a smoking room with two queen beds . i can live with the bed situation but i truly feel that having to accept a room infused with cigarette smoke is completely wrong ! there wasn ' t an area in the room where i did not feel nauseous from the stale smell and i cannot help but think that this smell followed me around all day after check out . to add insult to injury , the hotel staff was not sympathetic to our situation -- something i think they should be specifically trained to do -- and did not offer any compensation , partial refund or related ' perk ' to make up for our great inconvenience . two staff members actually acted as if i was the inconvenience in asking them if there was anything they could do ! although we paid for the breakfast package , we were eager to leave immediately in the morning and dined elsewhere at our additional expense . pardon the pun , but we just could not sit there and dine in the morning with such a bad taste in our mouth from the hotel ' s lack of customer service ! i am hoping the corporate office responds to our complaints but , thus far , we have received no satisfaction . needless to say , we will not be visiting this property again ! in fact , we are no longer going to patronize this brand of hotels . 
i ' ve used priceline for every trip i ' ve made back to chicago and i ' ve been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown . this was my first and last stay at the ambassador east . its conveniently located near the clark division stop on the el ' s red line . that is the best part of our experience . when we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens . i ' ve never had that issue at any other hotel i ' ve stayed at . the room ' s decor was outdated and the tv was tiny . the hotel charges for usage of internet . you could hear people in the hallway and when you ' re in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms . we weren ' t in chicago to stay in the hotel however , for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely isn ' t the place . . . . read more 
the hotel definitely doesn ' t match its N . N rating . the receptionist was very unhelpful and dishonest , and i don ' t feel welcome at all . i booked a non-smoking room , but upon arrival , the receptionist told me that there was no non-smoking room left . of course he was lying . i argued with him for N minutes , before he reluctantly gave me a non-smoking room . at checkout , they tried to charge me N upgrade fee each day , because i requested a non-smoking room . this was completely ridiculous . i had to go argue with the receptionist again before they agreed to take away the charges . the room was quite small , the tv was broken , so i had to call someone to fix the tv . then the wireless network banned my ip address , so i had to talk to their tech-support -- the tech support was quite friendly , knowledgeable and helpful -- i guess this was the only bright point of the stay . 
we just returned from our first trip to chicago and stayed at the omni . i read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on . the location , staff , rooms , amenities , etc were all wonderful . huge thank you to ta members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program . we did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks . i loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the chicago tribune newspaper . we were in room N which was perfect . corner suite with two out of the N sides of the rooms being windows with a great view . the room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma tv . the bathroom amenities were wonderful . i loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided . the turn down service was great as well . we would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us . we ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious . the blueberry muffins were the best i have ever had . everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly . the staff at the omni is so accomodating . everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is . have to thank the concierge melissa and curtis . they were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do . i also used the gym during my stay and it was great . all the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd tv attached . and the gym itself had two plasmas . they also had cold lemon water for you after your workout . i am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning . it really was a fantastic stay at the omni and we would never stay anywhere else . i also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there . everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed . thank you trip advisor for another great trip suggestion ! 
i just returned from a N night stay at the hotel . i had requested a high floor , quiet room . neither request was honored . the windows are not well insulated , because the traffic , car horns and sirens continued all night long . on the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway . the safe in our room did not work . someone had locked it before our arrival . one of the pictures under the tv had been removed , leaving a screw sticking out of the wall . the lights are so dim , that is next to impossible to read . a small alcove with a stained bench had a ' reading light ' that was about N watts . our room key cards didn ' t work , so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them . upon returning to our room , they didn ' t work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff . the bathroom is small and has no fan , so the steam covers the mirrors , and unless you leave the bathroom door open , it does not clear . on friday night one small cookie was left in our room . what about a second guest . are we supposed to split a N inch diameter cookie ? ? ? ! ! ! ! on sunday the phone rang with a N am wakeup call . we had not requested to be woken up ! ! ! ! the concierge did not know the way to get to o ' hare by train , and gave us a longer route than was necessary . i have stayed in much better hotels in chicago . . . quieter and more spacious , more elegant and worth the money . this is definitely not worth N a month . ( by the way , i live in washington , dc and am used to city noise . this was unacceptable ! ) 
we didn ' t stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room . saying that , we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking . hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that won ' t have a car . not a family frienly hotel . dining tip long walk from hotel gino ' s pizza is a must have ! ! worth the walk . many things in between hotel and gino ' s to do so you can break up the walk . 
great building and location , but . . . staff is indifferent , you have to pay for wifi ( after N usd night i would expect at least free wifi ) , no pool in the building and something i found really annoying is that , if you move anything from the minibar , they have sensors that automatically charge you . this is ridicoulus . the ipod dock in the room didn ' t work . also , we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over . definitely is not value for your money . you ' re just paying for the hard rock brand . i will never go back to a hard rock hotel . 
after staying at the omni chicago hotel , i can honestly say that i will take the time to book a room , ahead of time , on my next visit to chicago . we were thrilled to see how beautiful the hotel was , at first because it seemed like it would be a nice place . the outside of the hotel was pristine , but our room was filthy ! we requested a non-smoking room , but it had obviously been smoked in before , as you could still smell the stale smoke in the air . in fact , we were told that the entire hotel was supposed to be non-smoking , but the hallway smelled like cigarettes as well . to top it off , room service brought us the wrong item . when we checked out , we saw that they still tried to chage us for the item , even after we sent it back . i would also have to point out that michigan avenue is a bad spot for a hotel that claims to be so high class . right outside of our hotel were drug dealers and prostitutes . i couldn ' t even go to the gas station after N p . m . because i was too scared to leave the hotel . the pool was closed on our first night there because of some convention that the hotel was holding , thus keeping us from using the hot tub that we were looking forward to . for the price of the room i would say this place was a definite disappointment . i have learned my lesson to check out the room before i agree to stay in it next time . this place gets N N of a star from me . 
booked this on priceline for an insanely low price of N a night . the bf and i were amazed when we got there--the person checking us in was friendly and helpful to suggest some local nightspots and the room was gorgeous ! a nice upscale , downtown feel and super comfy beds . we had a fabulous view from the Nth floor that inlcluded a sliver of lake michigan , a sliver of the taste of chicago crowds , and some friendly office workers in the builiding next door who waved to us a few times . seriously . we had a pretty anonymous experience the rest of our stay--which was fine with us . the hotel consists mainly of N towers and is like a huge , sprawling city inside . but we weren ' t there to stay in the hotel room the entire time . . . we like to get out and explore as much as possible . the location was fantastic . easy walking distance to michigan avenue and the rest of downtown . we walked for blocks well into the night and never felt like we needed a cab . i also highly recommend the urban cruise on the river ( the entrance is right across from the hotel ) --we saw some amazing architecture from the boat and got to cruise lake michigan a bit too . don ' t park your car here if you don ' t need to--it ' s very expensive . park downtown or ditch the rental car--you won ' t need it anyway , you can walk to tons of stuff or grab a cab . love chicago and totally recommend this hotel ! 
we stayed at this hotel in february N . the room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for united way . so we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity . we were woke up at N Nam in the morning by a group of at least N young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor . of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours . they were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on . we called the front desk who sent security up immediately . security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave . we called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down . because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted . when we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate . well we still paid for it ! ! . they would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had . we would never stay at this hotel again , obviously they really don ' t care about their guests . 
excellent staff and customer service , very clean and spotless . elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view . the bed is very comfortable and relaxing . i give it a five star . 
i had such high hopes when i booked a stay at the knickerbocker hotel in chicago a few short weeks ago . when i arrived i should have known things would not be as i expected them to be . the host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that i was there . when i finally got checked in and arrived in my room i found that the temperature in the room was far too hot . the air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot , muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room . i turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down . since i arrived in the early afternoon i decided to order room service from the nix restaurant that is in the hotel , i ordered the gooey triple decker grilled cheese , at N i was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich i had ever eaten . when it finally arrived , more than an hour later , it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey ! it also comes with a bowl of tomato bisque soup which , needless to say was also cold . for the quality of the food , N was way too much to pay for this meal . after a meeting with clients we stopped by the martini bar for drinks . the waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve . needless to say it took forever to get our drinks . we heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well . finally we got our drinks , we all ordered a french martini . we all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered , it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very , very tart . at N each you would think it would be made to perfection , far from it . the evening finally over i went back to my room where i now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have . after a miserable night i checked out glad to be done with the knickerbocker hotel ! 
firtly they took N off my card , even though they also took the same amount off of one of my friends for staying an extra night . they had no business taking the money off of my card . so on the Nth sep i contacted them and they admited to the mistake . it is not a month later and i have called them about N times in all and they have still not paid it back . secondly i booked N rooms at buy N get Nrd room free direct with hotel . when i looked a week later , they had only booked N and refused to offer me the rate Nrd room free rate , so two of my friends didn ' t come to the trip away . thirdly i asked if the initial money for all rooms could be taken asap as the dollar was weak against the pound . after about N phone calls over N months ( each saying they would ) they eventually took the money and the whole trip cost an additional psN . overall , the hotel was nice and in a nice location , but i will never be staying there again due to all my problems . 
striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life . the attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night ' s sleep i ' ve ever experienced in a hotel . gorgeous lcd tv and bose wave machine added to my enjoyment . sofitel is worth the extra ' s . 
i checked in at the affinia hotel in chicago shortly after dinner on tuesday , i was greeted by very frendly staff from the valet service to front desk . you can tell people were happy at the hotel . i was pleasantly surprised when i got to my room . the room was very well decorated and well thought out . the furniture was in the right location and there was lots of space . plus it was convenient with lots of power outlets the bedroom and washroom was very clean and i had a great sleep in their very comfortable bed . i was told by front desk i could choose from N different pillows , although i did not take advantage of this offer i thought what a great idea . once in a while you come across hotels with great service , well thought out rooms in a perfect location ( right off magnificent mile ) . when visiting chicago again i will definitely try and stay at affinia again 
i stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of N . i was worried that i wouldn ' t get a nice room , since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from grant park , so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms . i requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic , and that is exactly what i was assigned ( perhaps because i am also a ' silver ' member ? ) . it was a beautiful room with windows on two sides , a king sized bed . the room was quiet , comfortable and immaculate . the maid even left a thank you note for the tip i had left . all the staff were helpful , polite and cheerful . i appreciated the fact that i could actually purchase a breakfast for under N ( oatmeal , coffee , and juice ) --something not possible at a lot of big hotels , like the hyatt i stayed at last year . 
if you are looking for a luxurious downtown chicago experience , the conrad chicago is the place to stay . the rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding , a N inch flat screen television , a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub , and views of downtown chicago that will take your breath away . the hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars , high speed internet , a fitness facility and laundry services . this hotel was a great place to stay and i would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown chicago . 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers on a recent trip to chicago , and had a great stay . the rooms were beautiful , the beds comfortable , and the views of the city were fantastic . my room overlooked the river and the city . i felt like i was on a luxury vacation . the hotel has a few different restaurants . i ate at the chicago burger company , which was delicious . the burgers were juicy , and the prices were great . the indoor pool was a great way for me to relax and entertain the kids in between sightseeing activities . overall , i had a wonderful stay . 
my husband and i loved this hotel . the staff were friendly , the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price , and we got an extra ( free ) coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it . highly recommended ! 
negative points N . i guess they gave me the worst room . it ' s small room with a king size bed even though i ' d requested a room with two queen beds . N . no roll away bed was available so i had to sleep on the floor . N . the tub in the bathroom would not drain . N . no exhaust fan in the bathroom . N . broken furniture . plus point N . convenient location . 
our visit started off on the wrong foot when we entered the lobby struggling to carry all of our luggage and , instead of helping , a group of hotel employees stood watching and laughing at us . they had trouble locating our reservation . our room was tiny ! when i ' m paying over N a night for a room , i expect to be able to walk around in it ! the beds were also tiny . the walls were thin and we could hear our neighbors talking next door . this hotel was probably once beautiful and classy , but now it seems to be outdated and due for repairs . won ' t be staying here again . 
we enjoyed the hotel monaco . great location for walking and beautiful rooms . the staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests . will definitely stay there again ! 
my husband , three year old son and i arrived at the palmer house hilton last friday for a weekend stay . the hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly . at the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us . one elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator . the hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room . the room was decent . not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good . we had a long day of sight seeing and play on saturday . as my son was tired , we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner . there was no children ' s menu for room service . only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen , what ? ? ? we ordered an adult meal . the food arrived an hour later , cold and unappealing . but we at it because we couldn ' t wait another hour . although the hotel looks lovely . the service was not very good . most of the staff was cold and snooty . except for the cleaning staff who were very nice . it might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children . a comfortable motel might be better . 
my wife and me stayed in the amalfi hotel chicago last august in a weekend visit to chicago . the hotel is located in the N w kinzie st , in the well-known river north district . we got what the hotel promised gentle staff , a luxury room with a breathtaking view , magnificent meals and a select wine . i also used its well-equipped gymnasium . we paid N with taxes for two nights . i think it was a good price , taking in account the excellent conditions we got there . i would recommend the amalfi hotel to anybody with good taste that visits chicago . 
we stayed at this hotel with our two teenage daughters duing a part business , part family fun trip in july . we were very impressed with the location , within walking distance to great restraunts and shopping , inlcuding water tower place ( a great mall ! ) . we were quite disappointed with the room cleanlinees and size . the bedspreads were filthy and so thin . the room decor is in dire need of an upgreade . the bathroom had no fan and it really smelled badly of mold and mildew . the shower actually had mold in the corners ! this was a very tight squeese for N people . especially the bathroom . the beds and pillows were quite uncomfortable . even the elevators were tiny and could barely fit N people ! thank goodness there were a few elevators . luckily we booked this room on priceline and would have never paid full price . the only upside was the great location . also beware- its cheaper to take a taxi to the airport than the airport shuttle ! millenium promotes the airport shuttle but take a cab ! 
this hotel has a great location and nice infrastructure . the river north area is full of great restaurants and the north bridge area is great for out of towners . the decor is lovely and a nice hold-over from when this was a le meridian . while the conrad aspires to be in the top tier along with the peninsula , the four seasons , the ritz and park hyatt , it falls short . we and dinner at the terrace restarant outside the other day and were initially impressed with the setting and the selection . while the prices were similar to the peninsula , we figured that it was a nice day and worth a try . wow , were we ever disappointed . first off , we were told that we could have a seat but only stay until N . ok , thats fine and we sat down . the waitress made a point to ask if anything was wrong , so that she could make it right . when we indicated that our glasses of champagne were not very full ( N per glass ) , she consulted with the manager and then another manager ( a heavier fellow in a dark suit ) . she came back and said that was the standard puor and that she would be glad to bring us additional glasses . what bothers me is not the outcome , but the fact that the management is not service focused . at a four seasons or the peninsula , this would never happen and if we expressed any displeasure , it would be made right . at the conrad , the terrace manager just ignored it . 
superhigh bill at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago my wife and i decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary . i told my wife that i would take care of everything . i booked the millennium knickerbocker because it had a great location , it was reasonably priced for a N star hotel and had spa features . the hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine . the problems for us started when we went to our room . i have sinus problems , so i didn ' t notice the smell in our room , and my wife didn ' t say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend . we couldn ' t find the remote for our television and we didn ' t call down , we were trying to be good sports . we were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel didn ' t have a pool or hot tub , swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation . upon checking out i was hit was N dollar fee for smoking in our room . my wife and i don ' t smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee . if that wasn ' t bad enough we were hit with a N fee for the missing remote control . 
friendly staff , clean building and rooms . the hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing . staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city . rooms were beautifully designed and well lit , spacious and comfortable . 
stayed at the chicago affinia dec N thru dec N and was very impressed with the staff , the room , and the location . close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great . of course , there were many other restaraunts nearby as well . i had a little trouble figuring out the heat , but it was fine once i learned how to set it . they were working on the hotel , so we got a great rate . but the work never bothered us . the room was great , with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise . i would definately stay here again and would recommend to others . 
i found this hotel in the ' small luxury hotels of the world ' booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years , and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels . i therefore chose it for a N night stay while visiting from england . the talbott was excellently located , although i had a view of a building site , and did have an ambience and some charm , however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling . i had to wait in the foyer well after check in time , having previously attempted to check in earlier , tired and in need of a rest , while a ' final check ' was done to my room . the valet parking was not outside when requested , breakfast was not included in the price , all the things requested of reception did not occur , and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special . i have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant , where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel . i was severely disappointed and cannot recommend it at all . 
mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems . first the good outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland , as befitted the season . the restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who don ' t write orders because they are expected to remember them , remember clients clearly from one day to the other , and go above and beyond consistently ) . rooms are comfortable yes the beds are great ! the gym is well equipped . second the slightly off putting mmmhh . . . we got the ' i love chocolate package ' which advertized bfast every day , dinner once , snack once and . . . a gift . and we have an a-club favorite guest membership , which also advertized ' a gift ' . so , no gift . . . either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership . upon enquiry , ' the snack was the gift ' . not at all what the package suggested . that said , bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well . some problems at checkout though we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem . would absolutely go back , but probably not on a special package . 
stayed in a junior suite which was beautiful and spacious . it had the largest flat screen tv i have ever seen in a hotel ( great excuse to catch up on some movies ) the breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice . the service was top notch . stayed in a lower floor in the east tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty . the shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the field musium was amazing . chicago remains tied with london as my favourite city . 
the stay at the hilton chicago definetely felt like a vacation . sleeping in that big wonderful bed felt like i was at home ! the accommodations and hotel are beautiful . i especially enjoyed the gym . the staff was friendly and helpful . i would reccommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a home away from home . 
the hard rock hotel chicago is not as good as they try to portray , first ill start off by saying there website is confusing and hard to navigate through . they also have rude customer service , that dont seem happy to answer your questions . there prices are so outrageously expensive for what they offer , its just ridiculous . hard rock hotel has a good rep behind there name , but hard rock hotel chicago should not be included in that . 
ideal location right in the heart of the near north side but good grief , they need more than two elevators . you can wait N minutes for an elevator and if you happen to be on the first floor ( registration desk on Nth floor ) , you can face a long line just to catch one . rooms are from the same cookie cutter as all homewood suites - very utilitarian unlike many locations however , this one does not include a dvd player in the rooms . the pool is ok but there ' s no jacuzzi . oh , and housekeeping is deficient when it comes to keeping the towels stocked in the pool area . front desk service is pretty good . 
october Nrd , N my wife and i stayed at the sofitel toward the end of september N . the hotel is very modern . the room was immaculate , but the furiture looked as though it came from ikea . it was chipped in many places . the light switches were difficult to find , and the hvac made noise . however , the bed was wonderful . the bathroom was large and well maintained . housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted . the restaurant was small . you can eat for less at a N hour restaurant around the corner called tempo . if you want a truly great breakfast try the peninsula hotel . however , after dining there you might not want to return to the sofitel . prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full . when we checked in , we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals . upon returning home , we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the sofitel had an authorization placed on it . this reduced the line of credit , and it took several days to be removed from the card . great location ! reasonable value . if you have a privilege card they allow you to check out at Npm as opposed to N in the afternoon . 
we booked our room on priceline , and got a good deal at around N per night . we stayed for the first N nights of our us trip so didnt use too many of the hotel ' s facilities the hotel is centrally located , just over the chicago river from the shops at north michigan avenue , and around a mile from navy pier our room was clean and comfortable , and on the Nth floor we had a good view of the city , and could just about see lake michigan ( though the weather was very bad ) . the layout of the room is a little peculiar , with the bed facing away from the window , but over all we have no complaints about this hotel , and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests so , pros and cons pros helpful and friendly staff clean and comfortable throughout spacious rooms large and airy public areas starbucks and gift shop in lobby cons a large hotel , so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk lobby area 
for N dollars , cheapest room available at the hard rock hotel chicago , you would assume you would have access to wifi . yet , that was not the case . i was told i ' could have had ' internet if i had booked through the site , which i didnt . the lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general . 
i never write these reviews , but felt that it was important to state that this hotel should not be the N N travelers choice . terrible service , lazy doormen bellmen concierge valet , lack of respect , allow dogs to bark all morning after multiple complaints , phantom charges to room , front dest at checkout and checkin were pompus . the icing on the cake was me watching the doormen stand and watch while a father tried to open a door to push his stroller through with his infant son , and the doorman watched on doing nothing . me and my girlfriend are young , look young in how we dress , but in all honesty make more money than most . . . and we were treated like cheap poor kids . i had dinner reservations at spaiggia and wanted to order a car to pick us up , the concierge exclaimed that , ' you know its not jeans and running shoes right mr . blank ? ' assuming i was too dumb to realize that a N star N person restraunt wont allow tennis shoes because i am young ? very dissapointed . very nice looking , comfortable beds , great room service , contemporary , younger crowd , but service was terrible . 
i would not recommend this hotel . although it is in a good area , the room was very small and is getting rather dated . the room had extensive damage . the paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling . the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling . the wood work in the bathroom looked like it had been chewed on . there was mold and stains on the bathroom tile . the room was very small . there was not room for a sofa . just a small faded chair and ottoman . the carpet had stains on it . also , the bed was comfortable , but there was not a top sheet , just the bottom sheet and a comforter . overall i was not satisfied with the hotel for the price that was charged . i have stayed in other hotels in the area that provided much more space , cleanliness , and value for the money paid . 
the sheraton chicago is not the place to be if you want to experience chicago . there are no customer services to provide you with ideas of what to do , and there aren ' t even any shuttles that will bring you around town . the food in the restaurant at the hotel serves mediocre burgers and fries , and makes no attempt to emulate the chicago culture . there are a million other hotels in chicago , and this is one of the most average . the rooms are fairly decent sized , but they lack amenities like wi-fi and mini bars . the view is nothing special , and the concierge is anything but responsive to phone calls . 
we stayed for just one night , but the hotel staff was extremely friendly and polite . the rooms were clean and large . the decor had just been redone . the best perks were the complimentary continental breakfast on each floor in the morning and the free cocktail hour with premium drinks and great appetizers at night . we got a great rate and would go back . great location for walking around . 
do not stay here ! ! my wife and i were visiting family in chicago and decided to stay at the james . we had stayed at the james in new york happily so we came in with good expectations . what a mistake . our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website . the bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled . there was also a musty odor to the room . when we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude . we ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay . 
we ' ve stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff wasn ' t rude , just incompetent . for example , we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room , which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel . nonetheless , the staff brought us N coffee mugs . . . the list of issues goes on unfortunately , including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental we eventually had to stop watching after N minutes . and the room itself was not clean the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold . clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities , but training or sufficient staff . . . oh , but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same . find a newer hotel , there are many in this great city . 
the chicago palmer house disappointed me . i chose it because it a hilton hotel , but it definitely does not live up to the standard set by this name . my first impression was a negative one when i was greeted by a rather rude staff . my room might have been luxurious years ago , but the general impression was that it had not been cleaned regularly and could use a little freshening . the bathroom was obviously newer but the shower was difficult to use and the water pressure was absolutely horrible . the food served by the room service and at the hotel ' s restaurant sounded delicious on the carefully crafted menus , and the high prices made me expect delicate cuisine . the food simply did not deliver its promises . everything tasted very bland and the portions were ridiculously small . the location of the hotel might seem like an advantage , since it is in downtown chicago nearby many touristic attractions however , the windows in my room did not protect me from the constant noise of cars going by . overall , this hotel would be decent if it did not advertise itself as a luxury hotel and did not use the hilton name and price range . 
we stayed here for a weekend trip to chicago and we will come back and stay here again . it was great place front desk clerks were very helpful . also we loved the view . very nice quiet place and upto date and super clean . we will def stay here again highly recommended . 
will not stay here again . we were here pre-construction so didn ' t have the noise problems that others are now experiencing . but room and service quality were so poor that we will not return . our suite was large enough , but it was dirty , dated and worn . the bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly . public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days , disgusting . we ( politely ) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed . we had paid for the king tut package , which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit . they had no record of this and didn ' t honor it . of course , the exhibit was sold out , so our main reason for visiting chicago was ruined as we weren ' t able to see this part of the field museum . my ( also polite ) letter to hilton and the manager was never acknowledged . very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding hilton in general when possible . 
conrad chicago is one of the nicer hotels i have had the pleasure of staying in recently . the rooms were well furnished and brightly lit , but not to the point of garishness . the convenient location was a plus . 
our trip to chicago was a complete delight despite our stay at the affinia hotel . because their rates were actually higher than we were used to in new york city , we naturally assumed we would get a nicer establishment . we could not have been more wrong . this place focuses on gimmicks to set themselves apart from their competition . uunfortunately , it does set them apart but in a strictly negative way . both the ' dream pillow menu ' and the ' experience kit ' were a complete flop . with the ' dream pillow menu ' , the hotel offered patrons what seemed to be great pillow choices from down-stuffed to hypoallergenic selections . we happily chose the fluffy down pillows but when we got to our room and laid down on them a giant poof of dust came out . at first , i thought it was my imagination so i stood up and hit the pillows on the edge of the bed . more dust came out them ! particles were flying around the room , i ' m now sneezing and there was this disgusting grit all over my sunglasses that were sitting on the night stand . i called the desk and they sent up replacements for all the pillows . these pillows were some kind of ' music pillow ' that pluged into an mpN player . i was sleeping on uncomfortable cords all night . in general , the staff was pleasant and tried to be accommodating , but there was just no apology good enough for filthy pillows . another failed gimmick they offered was the ' experience kits ' . we were given ( ours to keep ) a collection of some maps ( which were actually very nice ) , a walking tour guide that was all marked up , and a handy deck of cards opened and missing two cards . if this place lacked attention to detail , that is one thing , but it lacked any attention at all . if the pillows weren ' t already enough , at this point i was certain that i would never stay at this establishment again . run , don ' t walk away from this place . 
i frequently have business meetings in downtown chicago and find that the hotel monaco chicago , gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable . while it might be more expensive than your average hotel . . . . but there is nothing average in this hotel . exceeds any expectations - service , food , quality , atmosphere were heads above anywhere . thanks for making my trips to chicago - the best of the best . 
i was really excited when we booked a night at the hard rock hotel in chicago . it was actually beyond our budget , but my husband and i needed a weekend away , so i decided to splurge for the occasion . worst waste of my money ever ! ! ! our room was smaller than pictured online , and it looked like the maid didn ' t vacuum the carpet ! we visited the hotel restaurant , angels and kings , one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband ' s steak was cooked wrong ( he ordered medium , but received a well-done steak ) . by the end of our trip we were so glad to leave , but they were under-staffed and the sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for N minutes until we could check out . chicago was a fun city , but next time we return i ' ll be choosing a different hotel - and i suggest you do too ! ! 
i stayed with my husband at the homewood suites in chicago . we wanted to do something nice for our anniversary and thought that the hilton was a solid name brand and expected to have a pleasant stay . unfortunately this was not the case ! the staff was very rude at check-in ( which took N minutes ) and the lobby smelled musky and gross . the room itself was not like other hilton hotels i have stayed at . the carpeting was atrocious and the color of vomit , the room smelled of smoke ( even though it ' s advertised as smoke-free ) and there were a few long brown hairs in our bed ! i was so grossed out that i had to call down to the rude staff to ask for our linens to be changed and they gave us a huge attitude about it . and don ' t even get me started on how poorly the shower bathtub worked . . a nice anniversary went totally awry due to how crummy this hotel is . if i could give it N stars , i would ! 
the ambassador east is located in the gold coast neighborhood of chicago . it is just a few blocks from the train station , so it was easy to get anywhere in town . the hotel is a national historic landmark so the lobby is elegant and beautiful . we loved the pump room bar with tons of b w photos of celebrities . the service was wonderful and everyone was friendly and helpful . 
thank god i got this hotel through priceline . i can ' t imagine paying full price for this place . the tub was moldy and dingy . the toilet didn ' t flush . their selection of tv channels was limited to say the least . unless you wanted to pay N for a rerun of an nbc show . oh , and internet ? why that will set you back about N for the day . and breakfast ? that ' s about N for a cup of coffee , a croissant and two slices of honeydew . this hotel is the pits . the customer service is . . . . absent ! when you walk in to the ridiculous lobby ( decked out like some bad late N ' s prom ) there ' s no one to direct you upstairs to the check in . and once you ' re there , check in is very fast , i ' ll grant them that . this hotel is a big , crummy rip-off . i will never stay here ( and will steer clear of hyatts in general i believe ) . 
what i thought was going to be a romantic chicago weekend turn out to be lackluster . the swissotel chicago per their website seem to tout itself as a luxury destination well much to my surprise it was not . first my reservation was messed up instead of getting ' the classic room with a view ' we were put in what i guess is their classic king . the view was nothing to write home about . when i called the front desk to complain about the situation i was told their was nothing they could do since the hotel was booked solid . i asked how could this happen when i got a confirmation ? the clerk simply said ' probably a glitch sorry is there anything else i can help you with ? ' at the point i hung up the phone as i knew our romantic weekend with a view was not going to happen . when we checked out i told a manager what happened and he said there was nothing we can do sorry ' i expected a little more customer service from them since they think of themselves as a luxury destination . 
i booked two rooms four months in advance at the talbott . we were placed on the top floor next to the elevators , which are used all night long . when speaking to the front desk , i was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor , which i had requested for a better view . i am looking at a brick wall , and getting no sleep . he also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the Nth floor , and were aware of the noise problem . why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked ? a request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the top floor and using that request to justify this . if you decide to stay here , request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator ! i spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences . this is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain . 
i don ' t know how this hotel ever got such high ratings from others . this hotel was for me over priced , fingerprints on the walls , stains in the bathroom , funky loud people in the hallway early in the morning , parking valet was time consuming , and same thing with the elevator . the back to the N ' s furniture is not for me , and what about the breakfast ? better to skip their protein-less stuff they had to offer . oh sure it is a hilton , woopee ! you pay for the privilege of sleeping there . saw a couple of bed bugs , but took a shower in the morning , and they seemed to wash away . i won ' t be back to hilton homewood suites again . i ' d rather stay somewhere outside the city to save money . think that i ' ll be happier as well . 
my husband and i wanted to spend the weekend in chicago to celebrate our anniversary , and i had been looking at the james for awhile because it was attached to david burke ' s primehouse . from the moment i called to make my reservation , i knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that . from the pre-arrival dossier , to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the james , this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service . the rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend . the walking distance to michigan av is a huge plus . from the front desk to the cleaning staff , the staff here is top notch ! and david burke ' s primehouse is not to be missed ! 
i unfortunately stayed for N nights at the knickerbocker hotel . . . i should have checked out on day N . the bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling . . . i pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets . . . bed bugs ! which i might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there ( fortunately i took photos to the contrary ) finding the bed bugs . . . i looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both . . . i was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment . 
during my recent stay at the hyatt regency chicago , i was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff . to start off , the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms . hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings , i had hoped to spend a quiet night in . my neighbors , however , watching what i can only imagine was a real house wives of new jersey marathon on full volume , destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance . when i asked the concierge to address the issue , he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job . as i visited the gym , i found their ' state-of-the-art ' stayfittm gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills , weights and yoga mats . the water in the cooler was quite warm , and the workout towels were stained and tattered . finally , all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds . 
the magnificent mile in chicago is a great place to visit , and staying at the affinia chicago just made it that much better ! the location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away , and getting to navy pier was a cinch ! and the accommodations themselves were wonderful ! the hotel lets you completely customize your stay , all the way down to choosing your own pillow ! very impressed overall ! 
although the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of chicago , it is somewhat expensive , starting at N per night . there are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler . the rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer . the carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas . the views from the rooms are not as great as they could be . the hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature . although the hotel is located on chicago ' s famous michigan avenue , it is a N taxi ride from o ' hare airport and a N taxi ride from midway airport , both rather pricey options . if you chose to drive there , the valet parking charge is a hefty N . again , not very budget friendly . all in all , even though the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago is close to some of the major chicago attractions , it is only an average hotel on many levels . 
stayed at the chicago hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door i was very impressed . check-in was quick , easy and i was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time . we were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant . it made getting ready to go out much quicker ! the hotel location is great opposite the park , which is a must see . although located on south michigan ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of michigan ave . would also recommend the street one block back from michigan ave for good shopping . for breakfast i would recommend grabbing a muffin , croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant . for evening entertainment kitty o ' sheas is a must . typical irish bar with good drinks and live music . finally the bed at hilton chicago is the most comfortable bed ever . i would have taken it home if i could ! definately made for a good nights sleep . 
we got this hotel by chance since we decided the spur of the moment to spend a nite in chicago on N N N . we went thru priceline and was lucky to get a room at this hotel for only N ( normal rate was around N ) . the room was superb on the Nth floor with a nice king bed . hotel is only about N . N blocks to michigan ave so the location is very convenient . parking is very expensive at N a nite but we parked right next door at a selfpark for just N . we decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant to save us from walking elsewhere . we ordered the buckwheat pan cakes and egg benedict . they were absolutely delicious which stunned us since we didn ' t expect this type of experience from a hotel restaurant especially for breakfast . glad we didn ' t pick their breakfast buffet since the special menu is much better . i highly recommend this beautiful and cozy hotel for your chicago visit . 
i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel chicago in chicago , illinois . i must say , that staying at this hotel is like staying at a high end hotel for celebrities . there are spa packages , room service , and the hotel is decorated extremely beautifully . i would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking to be treated like a star . they take reservations , and also have a great restaurant right inside of the building . whatever you need , they will accommodate you . this is heaven on earth ! i would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel , even if its for one day , its worth it . 
my husband and i were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website , when called to confirm had us down for only N night instead of N , easily changed . first morning cold , cold shower , didn ' t complain , next day fine . phone did not work , called every day to complain , and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room , never was . no dial tone , unable to call restaurant , or call for car or call for room service . finally , on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it . the hotel is beautiful , rooms great and everyone was so nice , even when i was complaining they were nice . great gym area also , and love the restaurant . but , for the money i could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone . 
i want to recognize so many people who were exemplary in their service . N ) sylvia rollins , head concierge . i wanted a fairly last minute reservation at mk restaurant . i spoke with sylvia on the phone just a few days prior to arrival and within N minutes had the desired reservation . N ) ryan lettier , concierge , provided us detailed information on the architectural cruises . our morning cruise ended up being cancelled by the tour operator and ryan provided a late check out time to cover us until we could get back to the monaco . N ) turndown service was provided as requested and housekeeping in general seemed to be at a high standard N ) even the bellman went out of their way to ask if we knew how to get the train etc when leaving the hotel . the rooms are tastfully furnished in that whimiscal hotel monaco feel . beds and bedding both very comfortable . the complimentary happy hour and morning coffee tea service were both very utililzed by the hotel guests . 
this hotel was very beautiful . i went with a group of N friends and we had a blast . it was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation . the continental breakfast was magnificent ! i didn ' t see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful . 
the chicago hyatt regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation--ie the room cannot be cancelled . i recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel . the reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a N-hour cancellation policy . however , when i tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe , robert , the reservation supervisor , said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room . he said that i should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom that prepayment is required at time of booking non-refunable . this clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone . i told him to cancel without being charged . in response , he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay . why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price ? the bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement , and robert should go back to customer service school ! 
my stay at the hotel monaco chicago was amazing . the staff are polite and well poised , eager to give a helping hand in a short notice . to someone like me , who had never even been in the city of chicago , it really gave me a good feeling throughout my whole trip . the rooms , hallways and facilities were exceptionally clean and tidy , and whenver i went out , i would always find my room perfect be it for a night of undwinding after one of my conferences , or just to hit the mattress and sleep . during my stay , i stopped at their restuarant where i had one of the best american style meal in a while . overall , the hotel monaco is a place i would surely stay at again if given the chance to visit chicago for a second time . it is truely exceptional . 
the affinia hotel in chicago was superb . the room service was exemplary and the food , i don ' t even know were to start . the chef obviously knew what he was doing , i especially loved the seafood , my personal favorite was the shrimp . aside from this , i loved how beautiful the hotel was . it is definetly a bargain for the price , for that price you would probably get a good N star hotel but , i felt as if i was in a N , N a night N star hotel in the europe . great bang for your buck . would recommend it to anybody looking to relax at a great hotel with great amenities in a great city . my friends actually went their a while back because of me . they loved it ! i know you will too . 
overview --overrated hotel in a premium location . the great --location - walking distance or cheap cab ride to a ton of great restaurants , bars , and sights . the good --inviting lobby , pleasant staff though a few were a bit snobby , in particular the night deskman . --nice bathroom , comfortable bed and desk chair . the mediocre --room ( excluding bathroom ) was underwhelming in design . --no kitchen or bar though they have limited room service from harry caray ' s across the street . --free cocktails N-Npm in ' lounge ' is right idea with wrong execution tiny little room packed with people and a line extending out the door . --hot water ( or lack thereof ) - almost every morning my shower water temperature would waver between comfortably hot to lukewarm . pressure is pretty low . --view - mine wasn ' t great but apparently some of the rooms are horrible . the bad --free wi-fi ethernet has inconstant speeds and required multiple logins every day , even when my computer wasn ' t moved - really aggravating . same deal for my iphone . i also got numerous vulnerability threat warnings from my norton anti-virus that makes me wonder how secure it is . --no blackout curtains ! i had a corner room with a huge wrap-around window and awoke to bright sunlight every morning ( not to mention a near total lack of privacy at night ) . never had this issue in any hotel or motel i ' ve ever stayed at . --noise ! - the hotel is sandwiched between a few different bars and the late night cacophony of yelling , bar music , trucks , car horns , and sirens is hugely distracting well into the early hours of the morning . i had to wear ear plugs despite being on the Nth floor . --tv had crappy hd signal with out of sync audio on every channel . and the remote was useless . --in room bar had standard inflated prices but the N bottle of fiji water bedside was insulting . don ' t even think of opening it there ' s a N-eleven around the corner that sells exact same bottle for a fraction of the cost . summary --not recommended . looks much nicer in the website photos than it is . rating on yelp is bloated by at a least a star . 
this a great property , excellent location and wonderful staff . everyone was very accommodating and polite . the room i had was on the Nrd floor and was like a suite , with a living area and a bedroom . the living room was spacious , with a plasma tv , a desk and a couch . the beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality . in the closed they placed an umbrella , which came in handy , it rained the whole time i was in chicago . the internet connection is N . N Nhrs . great place , i will return for sure . 
in a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood . a small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby , the pump room is a classic place to have a drink . we did not have dinner there so i can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood . it is a short walk to very good shopping and eating . 
we stayed at the omni chicago hotel recently and had a great experience ! my husband and i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown chicago . we are frequent travelers who are used to staying in well-maintained , luxury properties with many amenities and the omni chicago definitely fit the bill . first of all , the hotel is all suites . we stayed in one of the ' premium suites ' . the accommodations were definitely luxurious , with premium bedding , very nice robes for our use , and a choice of pillows . we used the hypo-allergenic ones , but i believe you could have also chosen foam or feathers . we were pleased to find that the tv was plasma , we have found that not all hotels have upgraded to plasma and we don ' t wish to use one of the old-fashioned type of tvs anymore now that we are so used to plasma at home . there were actually two tvs in our suite . there were also some additional amenities that we appreciated such as high-speed internet access , a wet bar , an indoor swimming pool and two gorgeous sundecks for relaxing outside . the location was perfect as it was right in the midst of the miracle mile , with so much to do practically at the omni ' s doorstep . i also treated myself to the windy city massage , which was done in the comfort and luxury of our suite . the masseuse was excellent and she used very high-quality products for my sensitive skin . it was extremely relaxing and i was so pleased to find out that i could get this at the omni . it was easy for us to see why the omni came so highly recommended . i also wanted to mention that the staff was very helpful and friendly , recommending several excellent area restaurants . however , we think our best meal was at the omni ' s N restaurant , where my husband raved about the bone-in ribeye and i had the carrot soup and the lake erie silver bass . they had an extensive wine list and we were easily able to choose wines we loved with the staff ' s guidance . lastly , the hotel staff also highly recommended we visit the nearby art institute of chicago , which was a highlight of our trip . we loved that there were multiple museums so close to the omni ! we will be frequent visitors at the omni in the future , where i will definitely be getting the in-room massage again . we are going to pass this recommendation on to all of our friends and family - choose the omni for a great chicago experience ! 
my husband and i stayed at the hyatt regency while attending a family wedding in chicago . from the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends . our rooms were ready upon arrival , and they were just as impressive as when i viewed them online . the location couldn ' t be more convenient to access all of chicago ' s shopping and dining areas . we dined in seston ' s chop house , which i highly recommend . the staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience . the hyatt regency chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the windy city ! 
this was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go . for this week ' s vacation in chicago , i heard several recommendations regarding lodging , but the james chicago was mentioned most emphatically . i expected an experience of comfort , luxury and customer satisfaction , but i was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel . the design is breathtaking -- modern , clean , stylish , sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby , shops and restaurants , to the stunning guest rooms themselves . my family and i felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in , and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor . far from a traditional hotel experience , this was like moving into chic , exclusive downtown apartment , and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living . impressive , too , was the hotel ' s overall approach to its guests and its use of the world ' s resources . from its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage , the james offers a unique perspective on its place in the world , and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance . it ' s a respect that shows through , too , in other areas support for artistic organizations , charities and other programs of merit , as well as chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay , whether for a weekend , a week , or longer . the james chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit chicago . in fact , we may visit again solely to stay at the james ! 
my wife and i stayed at the conrad chicago hilton a few weeks back . i had a conference in the windy city , and my wife decided she ' d come along to do some shopping . first off let me say , typically i love staying in hotels - any chance i get , i ' ll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed . that said , this place was terrible . the room had a slight odor to it , kind of a fishy smell . the people at the front desk were rude to us . and i found a soiled pair of women ' s panties under the bed . gross ! not to mention that once we got home , we both had bug bites up and down our legs--- now we ' re worried we brought bedbugs home with us ! if i could take this trip back i would . what a terrible place . shame on you conrad hilton , shame on you ! 
i had a great experience staying at the conrad chicago , the service was top notch , the price was good , but out of everything the service was outstanding . i would definitely stay there again when in the area and would suggest it to anyone looking for a good quality hotel in a great location . right next to the shops at north bridge ! 
the hotel was very nice service was great , everyone was very friendly . the room was very elegant and classy . the bed was so comfortable . the room also had a flat screen tv and bose sound system . not bad . overall i had a great experience with a pleasant staff and perfectly comfortable room , i left here well rested and happy . 
i truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment , but my time spent at the affinia hotel in chicago forced me to do so . it was to be our first trip to chicago since i was a boy so my wife and i were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel . first i must say that the counter help was far less than helpful . the apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service . he said we had not reserved a room , which i had weeks earlier , and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that we must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both . finally the manager arrived after i insisted on his presents . he did straiten out the confusion , but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants . i called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place . we were shown to another room , this time to our liking . from that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the affinia had . to list just a few the television was a N inch black and white which could get only N channels , the food that room service brought up was cold , lifeless and bland , the cleaning person knocked at our door at N in the morning every morning even with the ' do not disturb ' sign on the door , and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and i lift the room . to be blunt , i truly hope that the ceo of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff , guts the building thoroughly , and is publicly flogged in a downtown park . we will never step through the doors of the affinia again . 
had a week long stay at the hilton on south michigan while attending a meeting . the hotel has some elegance in the lobby , meeting rooms and lounges - the hotel rooms could definitely use updating . i would definitely say that for the price of a room here - the rooms should be top notch . my car was misplaced during valet parking , our reservations were messed up , hotel staff showed up repeatedly throughout the week at our door with items ( room service , a new coffee pot , laundry ) that wasn ' t ours . i would not stay at this property again . there are much better places for the money in close proximity to michigan ave . it is a very big hotel and at times it felt like we were staying at faulty towers . 
the staff at the james chicago hotel seemed determined to make my stay a horrible one . when i entered the establishment to check in , i was ignored . the clerk let half a dozen people in front of me before she even acknowledged me . thinking room service would be better , i relaxed in my room while i waited for my food . by the time it reached my room , it was cold and the wrong order . disgusted , i went down to the pool only to find it was closed for maintenance . all the restaurants the hotel recommended were one-star , and none of my regular channels were on the tv . all in all , it was a bad stay at the james hotel in chicago . 
great expectations from the hotel of the fugitive ! wonderful lobby ! and that ' s it ! the room was old in style and furnitures , the tv was from the other century , no minibar , no wireless internet , no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room , those guys ignore that we are in the era of ipad without cable connections . small room , small bathroom , rude service room . they have lost my credit card number and want cash on delivery for a breakfast of N dollars . robbery in the business center , N , N cents a minute for internet connection , you have to pay to use word , or excel . never again ! 
this hotel was worth every cent . you have not experienced chicago luxury until you have stayed here . in town for a conference , my colleagues and i never had to leave our hotel for much of anything . fine dining , entertainment , you name it knickerbocker ' s got it ! i will definitely return as my wife and i frequent chicago to visit family . 
i stayed at the talbott for N nights on business and was very pleased . the staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest . i was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious . the free wi-fi came in handy as i needed to work remotely while there . everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay . oh , and i got to workout at the huge equinox right next door for free . 
we wanted a nice place to stay the night after dinner , theater , and my daughter ' s Nst birthday . this place certainly fit the bill . it was convenient to everything including the southshore railroad station . the staff were all friendly . their was a small wine reception in the lobby in the evening and starbucks coffee in the morning . ryan , the concierge , ordered flowers for my daughter and had a nice bowl of hershey kisses waiting for us when we arrived . we were upgraded to a suite and although they forgot to make up the sofa bed , they came promptly to get it set up when we called later . the window seats were beautiful as well and i enjoyed drinking my coffee in the morning and reading a book . 
i stayed here in the last weekend of september N for the bears vs packers monday night game . my room rocked ! i had a pretty big flat screen , and a super soft bed . the room was clean and stylish , and the staff was very courteous from check-in to check-out . my favorite part was the amazing bathroom - way better than mine at home . i definitely had a great escape that weekend and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to relax . 
recently , i traveled to chicago for a business conference and was lucky enough to stay at the hyatt regency chicago . the whole experience was wonderful ! the room was spacious and beautiful , and the bed was so comfortable that i had no problem falling asleep , as i normally do at other hotels . the staff were polite and courteous , and after a delicious breakfast in the restaurant , i went to my conference with a smile on my face . 
this was a gorgeous hotel from the outside and in the lobby . however , when we reached the elevator things started to look quite dingy . our bathrooms in our room had grout that was in need of a deep scrubbing and had an overall appearance of dirty . wireless internet is available , but that ' s an additional fee . are you kidding ? even the roach motel offers wireless for free ! also , the fitness room was available for only N per day . wow , i thought the room rate was enough to cover that . when i used the coffee supplies in the room , they were not replenished . i called the next morning requesting more and was told that wasn ' t housekeeping ' s area but they would send some up . no kidding , nearly N minutes later i got the cream and sugar ! glad i wasn ' t in a big hurry . i ' ll definitely be staying next door for half the cost and a lot better accommodations the next time i ' m in chicago ! 
my husband and i recently went to chicago for my aunt ' s funeral . we are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town . we were told to stay at the ambassador east hotel . i wish we could say that our experience there was a good one , but sadly , it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had . upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms , but when we entered our king suite a very strong , musty smell greeted us on the other side . at first i thought i was just being sensitive , but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved . the smell was too overwhelming . the front desk said they would be happy to move us , but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds , rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved . while this was not exactly what we wanted , we didn ' t really have a choice to refuse . after transfering to the new room and getting settled , we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work . while this did not bother my husband too much , i was very annoyed , as i need the mirror while i use my hair dryer , curling iron , etc . i absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again , so i simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed . they also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom , so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels , both days we were there ! each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests . for what we paid to stay at this hotel , we were not impressed at all . the customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par . if you are ever in chicago , do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else . 
i stayed at the sheraton as it was where a conference i was attending was being held . on the plus side , the hotel is reasonably well located , within a few minutes walk of michigan avenue . my room had a superb view out over the river . however , for the price i must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment . the decor was dated , and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty . the wifi is ridiculously expensive , and frustratingly as a conference delegate i was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for N hours access . there was no wifi in the conference rooms , although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails . i know chicago is expensive , but for that price i feel the experience should have been better . 
i travel often for business and this hotel ranks very low on my list . the room had such a strong odor of smoke , it gave me a headache ( and i used to be a smoker ) ! the room service was mediocre and extremely expensive . the hotel is disturbingly huge . very difficult to navigate your way around it . i waited on hold for twenty minutes to ask a concierge where a pharmacy was located . she curtly gave me cross-street names and hung up . uhhhhh , how do i know which direction to go in ? ? ? stains on the carpet in the room . a big gauge in the wall , where maybe a thermostat once was ? ? ? the shower is decent . all in all , for the price they charge , no thanks ! ! ! i ' m just glad my company is footing the bill . 
 we enjoyed our stay at the swissotel in downtown chicago . it was elegant , classy , and the service was impeccable . it was very family friendly for us , with the spacious rooms , the kid ' s room , and the no smoking policy . we were just a short walk away from shopping and entertainment and the whole family enjoyed the virtual city tour that helped us decide what we wanted to see . the food was delicious and we didn ' t have to go outside the hotel to find good food . when visiting chicago again , we will come back . it was a luxurious experience at a reasonable price . linda davies 
spent three nights in chicago at this property . first of all , i have to say that it would be hard to imagine a better location as it is perfectly situated on the magnificent mile close to terrific restaurants , the art institute and orchestra hall . the hotel has two sides - the historic tower and a new wing . the rooms are larger on the historic side but generally are looking a little tired . this property needs to be renovated . some observations the junior suite i had was laid out strangely . a small bedroom and smaller sitting room separated by a corridor off of which was the very large bathroom . the mirror over the sink was not over the sink but skewed to the right - made shaving a challenge and messy . while descending in the elevator one morning , it started shaking so violently that i could barely stand up . it stopped on the Nth floor and i was greeted by an extremely worried looking hotel employee who had a technician shut it down . ( this experience was far more powerful than coffee in helping me wake up - an adrenaline rush certainly cures sleepiness ! ) reports from my group were of sinks stopped up , exposed bolts in rooms , and generally things not working . now the good news - the staff is terrific . they make you feel welcome , are personable , have their own personalities , great service in the bar and really went the extra distance to help . i wish they had a better property to work in . 
we had a king deluxe room for N nights . we reserved the room through the hotel website with aaa discount . we paid N nt . we enjoy boutique hotels , as they have so much more personality and personal service . this hotel was no exception . every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful . the room was clean , well decorated , spacious and quiet . we were offered at check-in a room with a view , but warned it was across from the elevator , so we decided to take the quiet , large room with no view . the location of the hotel was perfect for us , we saw wicked while in chicago and had no problem walking to the theater . we also walked the magnificient mile and found the location perfect ( we like to walk ) . we had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience . we ate room service for breakfast each morning , and the food was good and the portions were quite large . we would definitely stay here again . 
we went with the great reviews on tripadvisor . the location , rooms , amenities and price via expedia were good . my complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow ( even at Nam ) , the concierge ( sarita ) was hopeless , staff were generally rude . also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning . finally , just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at Nam with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse ! ! ! would i stay here again ? - maybe if i got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby . 
having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website , i arrived tired from ireland , to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night , but did have rooms for the rest of the week . they booked me in to another ( not as nice ) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation . on my return to the hotel next day , i was upgraded to the club level . what really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake . . . unprompted . of course , the hotel itself ( particularly on the Nnd floor ) is excellent . i will definitely be back . 
i was looking for a fun , contemporary hotel and it didn ' t deliver . the lobby was nice , and the rooms were mostly clean , but it really wasn ' t special . service time was slow for room requests , i found empty water bottles under the chair , and the a 
my husband and i stayed overnight at the affinia . prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel not true . since it was a very special occasion , and also because we were only staying overnight , we didn ' t let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend . however , this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences . i ' ve ever had . first , the smells the linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy . the odors were not mild , and i found it pretty repulsive . i couldn ' t wait to jump out of bed in the morning , to get away from the odors . hard to sleep and certainly didn ' t want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary . i didn ' t discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed . at that point , i chose not to contact housekeeping because ( a ) i was exhausted , and ( b ) i didn ' t want to upset my husband , who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing . also , the bathroom smelled like vinegar . perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by affinia , but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did . incidentally , the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days not a well-maintained property . second , the elevators if you stay above the first few floors , there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar . with so many floors to service , and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday , these elevators took forever to come , and were often full they did . annoying . also , on one occasion , there were several bottles ( water and soda ) left in the elevator clearly , the maintenance crew doesn ' t inspect and clean the common areas frequently . finally , and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived . first , when we booked , we asked for as quiet a room as possible . the hotel is located near northwestern memorial hospital . but , its proximity to michigan ave . , and the lack of accomodations elsewhere ( due to the transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end ) , led us to stay here anyway . at check-in , the clerk noted our request , and said our room was quiet room since it was not ' next to the elevators . ' when we arrived at our room , we discovered that we were across from the elevators . obviously , she was technically correct that we weren ' t next to the elevators , but it was still so close ( N-N feet ) that we could hear the elevator noise . also , since it was a special occasion , we asked if we could upgrade . the disingenuous , snarky , condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade . clearly , the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels , this is a matter of routine , not exception . pretty awful experience all the way around . other reviewers must have very low expectations . can ' t explain any of the good reviews otherwise . 
i stayed here for N nights in may N . i have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky . they had a free wine tasting each evening ! the restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay . the hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping restaurants and sights ! rooms were lovely , althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side . will be back . 
we booked directly with the intercontinental--a special room for our wedding night . after our wedding , we went to the hotel excited and happy . when we got there , the night changed . we were treated rudely and with no respect . they told us there was ' no room ' even though we had a confirmation number . instead of showing any empathy , they told us to go sit down while they figured out ' what to do with us ' . my husband was in his tux and i was in my wedding gown ! no apology ! no concern ! we were given N and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they ' d ' found ' a room . the intercontinental ruined our wedding night . we are telling anyone and everyone of our experience . this place was supposed to be elegant . we ' ve never been treated so poorly . we will never stay in another intercontinental hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple ! ! ! steer clear of this place . 
we booked this trip several months in advance and were greatly looking forward to our stay at the hotel monaco in chicago . however , our experience was significantly different from what we expected , for the following reasons . first of all , there was only one person at the front desk when we arrived . that person was preoccupied with something on their computer so our presence was not acknowledged for several minutes . then when we got to our room , there were beautiful drapes in the window and across one entire wall but i found them to be incredibly dusty . just bumping into them slightly caused a cloud of dust to emerge which i found distasteful . overall it was a good stay but those two inconveniences made us question the amount of money we paid for it . 
i stayed at sofitel with my husband for a weekend and i will never be staying again ! the staff was rude , the room was dirty , and the decor is ugly and garish . avoid at all costs ! 
we got a spanking deal at this hotel for N a night . it ' s in a good location to the loop . excellent transportation options abound . my gripe comes from the fact that we were obviously put in a ' crappy ' room . it overlooked the back of the building and the roof of a building next to us . the toilet in the room was not bolted to the floor . other than that , if i needed to stay in the loop again for something and i knew i wasn ' t going to be put in a undesirable room , i would stay here again . 
our first visit to chicago and i really cannot wait to go back . the hotel was in a great location and every member of staff we had contact with were exceptionally helpful . particular mention should go to the door staff who were amazingly helpful . the room was clean , quiet and spacious , if only every hotel were like this . 
on a recent business trip to chicago , i had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel . upon entrance , the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice . however , as i approached the check in counter , the woman working there was very terse and rude to me . they had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when i asked about changing it , i was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me . after a half hour , i finally received the correct room . the linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality , they were scratchy and had a musty smell . also , the bathroom wasn ' t cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket ( including a condom ) and there was no shampoo . also , i had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee . when i called the front desk to ask for some , they told be it was not free and would i like to charge the coffee to my account . i found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there . 
amalifa hotel in chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience . i was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service . i will definitely be returning for another stay ! 
if you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location , the intercontinental is it--right on the magnificent mile , next to the chicago river , across from the wrigley building . my daughter and i stayed here for a getaway , and quickly were able to get to milennium park , shopping , navy pier , great dining , exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and chicago river . check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay . maria , one of the concierges , was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat . the room was lovely and comfortable , although our tub didn ' t drain well . just a wonderful stay ! 
this hotel is overpriced . one should pay money for luxury , but they fall far short considering the prices that they charge . when you go to the hotel restaurants you expect a certain mark-up because , yes , they do have to make money . but the prices they charge for food that was okay makes little sense to me . when i got there and went to my room , i thought that there would be nice colors , a great view , and deluxe bedding . what i got were sheets that might have come from the full price section of target--they were not cheap , but not that expensive either . i think i could have found something of this quality at less than the Nish a night i paid . 
hotel monaco is in a really great location , only a block away from the miracle mile and a couple of blocks from millenium park . sears tower is also well within walking distance and if you don ' t mind walking you won ' t have a problem walking to greek town and lincoln park ( we did ) . the daily , complimentary , wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out . if you can , leave your car behind , you won ' t need it and the parking is quite pricey , which is not very surprising considering the location . everything was clean , fresh and modern and the staff very helpful . the only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around ' the loop ' was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid ' s supply room so it was quite busy in the morning . 
we had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the affinia chicago hotel . we found it conveniently located on e . superior street , near many local attractions . the rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel . the pillow menu was awesome , my partner and i have such different preferences , the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home . the hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect ! i couldn ' t believe the amenities available to guests . my beagle , betsy enjoyed her stay at the ' jet set pet ' care center . she was pampered as much as i was . it was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership ! another feature i personally enjoyed was the walking tour kit . it included an ipod shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist , a deck of cards guidebook that included walking tours , and comfort items like a towel and map ! i felt like i was the most important guest ( surely , everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms ) . highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an affinia hotel ! ! 
i disliked the sofitel so much we changed our week stay to the grand hyatt after the first night . we checked into our suite and was blasted by the smell of body odor immediately . we were tired from our flight , but went downstairs to change rooms . the second suite smelled just as bad , but stayed anyway . i disliked the hotel lobby , the staff , the decorating , and especially the bed . horrible . soft , flimsy mattress . we come to chicago frequently . we have always stayed at the grand hyatt and never been disappointed . we just thought we ' d try some place new . never again . back to the hyatt or four season we go ! 
this hotel is absolutely beautiful . i is elegant , comfortable and a very relaxing stay . it was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping . i felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty . i would recommend this hotel to anyone . 
if there is ever a hotel you should stay at it is the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . this is the most beautiful hotel i have ever seen . this hotel has more than you will ever need or want . you can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste . there is a in room refreshment center , high speed internet , N inch television , coffer maker with great coffee from starbucks . you could get a suite or the presidential suite with more room than you will ever need . the room is over N square feet . it over looks the chicago river . there is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool . the sauna was just wonderful . if you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the navy pier , or art institute . when you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate . have a few drinks at the great bar , then create your own burger at the chicago burger company . the staff was very friendly and super helpful . the hotel was the cleanest i have ever seen . i will come again and again . a big thumbs up to this great hotel . 
i recently made a business trip to chicago , in which i stayed at the downtown fairmont hotel . during my visit , i had an aroma-harmony massage . this experience greatly relieved my stress , from all the business meetings i ' d had that day . candace worked wonders for my neck muscles , especially . this was the only amenity that i sought out , during my trip . my time was very limited . however , the entire staff at this hotel treated me as if i were a valued guest . i ' ll definately stay at this hotel again when i ' m in the area . and , i highly recommend the spa ! 
my husband and i made a reservation at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers , for a much needed weekend getaway . we took off work early friday to beat traffic . once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking . we drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel . upon checking in we were informed that the floor , where our room was located , was in the process of having the carpets cleaned . we decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation . we took the elevator , which smelled like urine , up to our room . we did see some carpet cleaning machines , unattended , in the hallway . i hoped for the sake of safety , no children were staying on this floor . we walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine . the overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us . we called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms . he rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings . just then , the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and i could not hear anything else my husband said . we decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel . it was an awful experience . 
i only stayed here for five days , but i will definitely never be going back . the architecture is kind of cool , but the customer service was very poor . i don ' t know how much these people get paid , but they must not think it is enough . breakfast at the the continental was alright , but it was overpriced . this hotel felt really crowded and the service was impersonal . there are many better places to stay in chicago . 
i booked this hotel with great expectations . i had family visiting from outside the country and wanted them to have a good experience in chicago . upon arriving to the hotel ( at the exact time i indicated in my reservation ) i was told i ' ve been ' downgraded ' to a lesser quality room . i travel very often and never had this before . moreover , i did not hear a single ' i ' m sorry ' , it was like usual business . what bothered me the most was that the receptionist kept telling me ' i will decrease the rate for you ' ' what do you think , nice eh ? ' like he was doing me a favor ! ! ! ! they decreased the rate to that of the rooms they gave us of course ( which is the legal thing to do , since i am sure is illegal to charge me for one room and give me a lesser value one for the same money ) . they did not care that i wanted higher level room independent of value . i did not know what to say , since this never happened to me before , also with family present did not want to start arguing . the rooms were nice ( not as nice as i thought ) and location is good , however be aware that they might not honor your reservation and not even apologize for this . that is enough for me not to go back again . 
not impressed at all . the hotel itself looks really nice , especially in the big foyer area . our room was small , and the bathroom needed some major upgrades . it had the green tile , like at your grandmother ' s house , all over the walls , and N people couldn ' t fit in it if you tried . we could hear the people beside us in the early morning every morning , so obvioulsy the walls aren ' t so thick . our room looked directly on to a brick building outside , very close , we couldn ' t even tell if it was nice outside or not . we are assuming we were not in a renovated room from the looks of it , and i felt yucky the whole time in it . i just wouldn ' t pay lots of money to stay here , there is nothing exceptional about it at all . 
i was very happy with my stay at the knickerbocker . the room were nice , and the staff was excellent . i was able to stay here for N per night thru priceline . that was an incredible bargain in my opinion . . this hotel is very nice . it has an excellent location . . . just off of michigan ave . all of the best shopping in chicago can be found right around the corner . it ' s a great location . . . very close to many great attractions . if there is any negative it would be that there is no swimming pool , but i think that is common with a lot of the older hotels in chicago , i would definately recommend this place . . . hopefully i will be able to stay there again in the future . 
i stayed there on october N , N . when i pulled the covers of my bed , there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice , which was either a bed bug or cockroach . i trapped it under a glass ( see the attached pictures ) and called the front desk . the housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach . absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem , failing to follow through on promises they made to me . setting aside the bug problem , i caution that the windows are quite thin . we could hear a lot of the street noise , which made for a hard night ' s sleep , not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms . for N a night after tax , i strongly encourage you to check for alternatives . 
my girlfriends and i stayed at the hyatt in chicago during a shopping trip to the city in june N . we found a great deal on orbitz . com and decided to give it a try . the location was perfect , just off michigan avenue , on the chicago river , so it was easy to walk down the mag mile and get to all of the shops without having to pay for cabs or rent a car . the hotel is right next the the palm restaurant , and within walking distance of several places to eat , both fancy ( china grill , yum ! ) and affordable ( corner bakery ) . the rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious . we were lucky to get a room with a good view . . . be sure to ask that you do not have a view of the office building next door ! the lobby is typical hyatt , big and spacious with lots of plants . service was good . all around an excellent experience and a great deal . 
we were hungry and tired when we checked into the chicago sheraton . the nice clerk at the front desk got us checked in efficiently and with a warm smile . he made us dinner reservations at shula ' s ( giving us time to shower and change ) and arranged for a bellhop to take our bags up to the room for us - what service ! ! we enjoyed our steaks and the bottle of wine that was recommended by the waiter at shula ' s - truly a lovely meal . when we returned to our room we were delighted to find that the towels had been replenished and the bed turned down ! we enjoyed the view from our room before turning in and having a very restful night ' s sleep in an incredibly comfortable bed . kudos to the chicago sheraton for getting everything just right ! 
on our visit to chicago , we chose the hyatt due to its location in downtown , within walking distance to most major attractions , such as sears tower , magnificent mile , grant millenium parks , etc . subway bus stops very close by to travel to other locations in the city . overall the hotel was very nice , clean , and at a great location . was in a safe area . went to beautiful wrigley field and soldier field and saw both teams play . i love chicago and would defenitely stay here again ! 
the palmer house hlton hotel has to be the nicest hotel i have stayed at in chicago . i went to chicago on a business trip for a meeting . when i arrived once i walked in , the lobby was beautiful , i couldn ' t hardly wait to see my room . the rooms were just as nice , the bathroom was immaculate ! we had a meeting in the clark meeting room , even that was nice ! i wanted to take a tour of the hotel itself ! i was there for about N days and because of how convenient the hotel was to a lot of major attractions like , grant park , lake michigan , mag mile which is a shopping heaven , and the navy pier , it never really like the normal stressed out meetings . i love chicago and i now have a new favorite hotel to stay at while i ' m in town . 
stayed at the fitzpatrick as a result of all of the glowing reviews on tripadvisor and to avoid the normal corporate hotel . good location but the room was dirty , and not just from the last housekeeping . it was dingy a place where you needed the slippers they provided . and this was a suite . also , the refrigerator was caked with ice and didn ' t work . furthermore , because my travel agent had mixed up the dates i was to travel , i showed up a day late . the hotel said it wasn ' t a problem and that i wouldn ' t be charged for the no-show the night before . i had my travel desk verify this with the hotel management the same day . then the fitzpatrick charged me for both nights and refused to reverse the charges after many attempts to resolve . neither i nor my corporate travel desk will use the fitzpatrick again . two dots only because it ' s in a good location and because the lobby was clean . i ' m generally easy to please and slow to complain but this was bad . 
my wife and i live in the western suburbs of chicago . for our anniversary , we booked a night at the fairmont based on recommendations from friends . while the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city , the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations . for starters , we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive . however , the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us . while the room was certainly adequate , the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included . while the latter may seem like a minor offense , it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality . finally , the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for chicago ' s standards . in summary , the fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price , i am sure we could of done better . 
from the moment i stepped into the hotel i felt like i was walking into my own castle and everyone was there to serve me . checking in was done in a matter of seconds and the receptionists were very friendly . i only had one bag with me but they still insisted on helping me carry it to my room , which i loved since i had just had quite a long flight , and made sure i had everything i needed before wishing me a happy stay in the hyatt regency chicago . after settling in and resting for a while i called room service and ordered some dinner which was provided very quickly and tasted like something out of a N star restaurant . overall my experience was very positive and i would be glad to return to the hyatt upon my next visit . 
the omni chicago hotel was in one word , dreadful . the hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic . the service is terrible . if you want to wait for your room for N and a half hours this is the place to go ! throughout a whole week , beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned . the hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit , they give no info for any activities going on in chicago . this hotel should be listed in the top N worst hotels in america . do not waste your time nor money staying at the omni chicago hotel . 
this is an older hotel , and the age shows . rooms are small , and a bit drab . bathroom in my room was in urgent need of upgrade . bed was comfortable , though , and the room was quiet , hotel staff was polite , but not really interested in the guest . even the concierge was disinterested . check-in was irritatingly slow for the few number of people in line . really , a hotel tjhat promises so much in its promotional material should deliver better . the hotel really didnt seem to be trying . 
we stayed here because of all the great reviews , and it ' s all true . we were highly impressed with the high quality of everything , everyone , and the location . walking distance to much of what chicago has to offer . gibson ' s steakhouse and the hancock building to name a couple . this hotel should really be in the top ten or even top five hotels for chicago . it should also have more than three stars . i mean three stars is for the hilton garden inn or marriott courtyard , and this place far exceeds chain hotels like those . depending on the room you get , any price under N would be a good deal . between N - N could still be worth it . 
attended a conference at the palmer house and it truly surpassed my expectations . i had no idea it would be so large , so nice and with so many amenities . i also didn ' t realize that it is just around the corner from milenium park and the art institute . we were met at the door by the friendliest staff . even with a long line at check-in , the entire process was about N minutes . we enjoyed the room with the up-to-date tv , decent size bathroom and comfortable bed . had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant . paid N night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown chicago . we have stayed at the sofital which is much more upscale , but we also paid over N night there . 
my significant other and i recently spent N nights at the james and on the last day i said , ' i wish we could stay longer ' . that good ! the room was immaculate and a very pleasant surprise from the moment you open the door . everything is high tech . plasma tv , cd radio , projection alarm clock ( love that so much bought one today ) . if you wanted room service you got it from david burke and the mini bar and liquor selection was plentiful . they even have a four legged friend menu . the bathroom was pleasant with bathrobes slippers and upscale products provided . the bed was the best in a hotel ever . linens were crip , white and fresh . maid service twice daily with turn down service . safe in room , ice delivered , iron , hairdryer all top of the line . the filtered window shades blacked out the light and matched the modern decor . mid-century style with funky chair ottman , cubes and a table with nightstands gave us plenty of room and felt like comforts of home . the staff was courteous and accommodating . the library , free internet access , in room wifi were extras we didn ' t expect . bar lounge areas seems to be frequented by locals enjoying cocktails and appetizers in the lobby . funky artwork . location , location , location . the best place we ' ve ever stayed not only in chicago . highly recommend . 
stayed at the intercontinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant , convenient visit . stayed in the historic tower . very nice rooms , great view , attentive staff , convenient location just north of the tribune tower the river , and nice fitness club at N for the entire stay . the only downside is i couldn ' t get over the feeling that i was being nickle dimed N a day for wi-fi , N bottles of water in the room , N mini-bottle of wine in the fridge , tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags , etc . their in-house restaurant zest is zagat rated though i ' m not sure why . within a N minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than zest . but , next time i need to be near the loop i ' d stay at the intercontinental again . 
this hotel is in a great city with great personnel working there . the rooms are more than you can expect for a hotel . the services are abundant , leaving no room to complain . with their fine diners , you cannot go wrong with enjoying a peaceful meal while relaxing . with this hotel , it is truly an all-in-one hotel . there are meeting rooms and business centers , leaving unfinished work not be a worry during the stay . in addition , the spacious swimming pool is just the thing needed to relieve yourself of stress . the views from the rooms are breathtaking . i would definitely recommend staying there ! 
this is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of us cities . the entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class . the bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none . it is located on south michigan directly across the road from grant and millenium park . it also has a free shuttle to the water tower in the heart of the magnificent mile . for blues fans , buddy guy ' s legends club is situated immediately behind the hotel . highly recommended . 
if location is the only thing that matters , stay at the talbott . however , my wife and i have travelled extensively throughout north america and europe , and i have never , in my entire life , seen such an inept housekeeping staff . they are unprofessional , noisy , incompetent and better suited for a one star hotel . they were yelling in the halls , slamming doors , and taking far too long to clean each room . they come to your room several times to check the fridge where they sell bottles of water for N . the hotel was being renovated when we were staying there so we also had to endure the construction work - no discount was offered even after we complained several times . the front desk staff was very polite , but who cares ? they ' re supposed to be nice . i spent a lot of money to stay here and did not feel that i received a fair deal . the room was sub-par for the price , even for an inner city hotel . stay somewhere else and have a better vacation . 
the service was reasonably well . . . they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily . the location was fine being that it was central to the city but i found out that it was also a tremendous drawback . it was interesting that the survey i took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response ' quiet ' . my visit was anything but , mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor , facing the street . i awoke at N a . m . and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the l train that sounded as though it was just outside my window . not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting . at check-out when i informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said , ' ah , city noise . ' 
stayed here on business a few nights and really liked it . very attractive , classy and comfortable hotel that ' s got an element of sexy and sharp . public spaces are very nice , with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas . rooms are lovely as well , with handsome fixtures and furniture , a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed . bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well . best of all , the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake . if you ' re working in the area , it ' s the best choice for that part of town , and i prefer it to the nearby hyatt and monaco . 
my wife and i stayed for N nights and loved it . our stay was booked for us by virgin atlantic when we booked our flights from london to chicago . we were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the hilton brand name . in the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel . on arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient . the interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built . the room we were given was a good size with N queen bed which was particularly comfortable . the hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby . the first night we ate at the hotel ' s own gourmet restaurant ( the lockwood ) which did not disappoint . the breakfasts are also served in this restaurant . we had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered . generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful . a nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving . a member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive . overall i would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money . 
my husband , teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last august . we were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of chicago . when i complained i asked for us to be transferred to the sheraton which they arranged for us . i have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best . the room ( although i know it was not the largest ) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed . it also had superb views of the river and the lake . the entrance hall to the sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre . in fact all areas are fantastic . the best thing about the hotel though was the staff ! from the bellboy , to the receptionists , the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful . one of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son ! above and beyond the call i would say ! i cannot reccomend this hotel highly enough . the breakfast buffet cost about N dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did ! ! it lasted us all day . if you have the choice of where to stay i think you will enjoy the sheraton ! we did ! ! 
staying at the hard rock hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling . i stayed at this one the last time i visited chicago and it was just wonderful . the rooms are amazing and the one i stayed in had a great view of the city . the beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat , the wi-fi was really fast and always available and i liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones . i didn ' t have the chance to use the spa , but i could tell it was really nice and relaxing . i did go to the base bar a couple times for a drink , very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from . the rock shop was pretty cool too and i bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends . overall i think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in , the experience is definitely different than any other hotel i ' ve stayed in . 
pleasant staff and housekeeping . above average breakfast . the rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens . it was bedbug free ! ! i would definitely stay there again . 
swissotel was the cleanest hotel i have ever stayed in ! the room and bathroom were quite large for downtown chicago . the pool and hot tub were also very nice . i would definately recommend this hotel . we didn ' t hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city . it is in a great location - walking distance to millenium park , the loop and michigan ave . 
the ambassador east hotel in chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the windy city . my fiancee and i enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay . the staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best i ' ve ever dealt with when traveling , and valet parking is always a perk ! the rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel . the bed was extremely comfortable ! there was cable tv , of course , and hbo was included , so there was always something to watch . wireless internet signal was excellent and i had no trouble getting online . we had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay , and the food was fantastic ! great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay , but this one was worth going back to ! overall , it was an incredible stay , and we hope to stay at the ambassador east again next time we ' re in chicago ! 
just returned from a N night stay at the talbott . this was our first visit there , and i can honestly say that i wouldn ' t stay at any other hotel in chicago . from when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure , the staff was nothing less than amazing , always greeting with a smile and can i help you attitute . the room we had ( N ) was very spacious and comfortable . the bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and i have ever slept in ( including the four seasons ) . had great breakfasts and drinks at basil ' s . you would be missing a fantastic experience , if you didn ' t stay at the talbott . 
great location - right on the chicago river - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size , very clean and with a nice river view - overall , a great staff - in particular i would like to point out christy morgan - chief experience officer and paula fortney - concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - ( in the interests of full disclosure , we stayed here on our amex - starwood points ) 
my wife and i stayed at the hyatt regency in chicago a couple of weeks ago and will most defiantly not go back . the customer service is horrible and it is well apparent that most of the workers did not want to be there either . when we arrived at the hotel we were told us that the room was still being cleaned and had to wait almost a hour before they gave us the key . when we got into the room the bed was not even properly made . the cafe is always crowded with people and it take two hours to get food . we ended up going home two days before we planned . 
first let me say wonderful ! ! my wife and i were refered this hotel by a friend . after traveling to chicago many time we have had many experiences good and bad with different hotels . we were amazed with the knickerbocker , we felt like royalty from our first step on the property . everyone was willing to make our stay rememberable . this hotel made a routine trip to chicago a dream vacation . i can not wait to return . . . 
this was our third trip to chicago this year ( we love the city ! ) - every time we stay at a different downtown hotel . swissotel was definitely our favourite . when we come back in july to see the play ' wicked ' for the second time , we will be again at swissotel . no more need to try other hotels ! the location is good because it is between the financial district and the magnificent mile . the room was spotless and quiet , the view amazing and those elevators were so fast . comfortable beds , friendly service , not as many noisy sirens ! we even watched the navy pier fireworks from our bed ! this was the best anniversary ever . we would recommend swissotel to everyone ! 
we love the location and proximity to everything . the staff was very friendly and courteous . they were so nice to our N . N year old boy . got his backpack full of goodies the moment we arrived . we got free wifi and morning drinks by signing up for select guest program . can ' t beat that ! the only minor issue is the elevator . we have to take N separate elevator trips to get to our room . it got a little annoying when we were going in and out often . otherwise , it was a great stay ! 
rude , rude , rude ! we stayed here on july Nth weekend . we drove from michigan , we called customer service to get directions from i-N w c is a major highway to chicago-- calling them from a cellphone , telling them we ' re in a middle of a storm and that we ' re lost . . . . we were put on hold , forwarded to another person who did not know how to get to the hotel and we were on hold again . giving up we decided to just exit the highway and try our luck at a N-N store . when we finally arrived at the hotel at N am no one was there to take care of our car so we looked for parking ourselves . checking in we were not greeted by anyone , even the receptionist did not greet us ! ! no welcome to the knickerbocker , nothing ! the man at the reception was rude , which makes me think what kind of customer service training this hotel has . the guy could not find our reservation and he seemed frustrated that we are checking-in at N am ! ! well if they were able to give us directions maybe we would have been there N hours earlier . the room is not even spectacular , very small , probably a little bigger than a walk-in closet . stay here at your own risk . 
after booking a room over two months in advance at the hotel sofitel chicago watertower and confirming my reservation twice , i arrived to find that the front desk staff had ' no record ' of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that i had reserved . when i asked to speak to a manager , it took almost half an hour for him to turn up . he did finally give me a room at the rate that i had been promised , but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience . the room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay . not worth the rate though . the website really makes this hotel seem upscale , clean , and well decorated , but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby . the staff ' s response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell ( which could only mean it hadn ' t been cleaned properly ) was met with contempt . they did move me , but i did not get an apology . will not stay again . 
beautiful historic hotel -- and since i ' m in historic building business , was looking forward to stay . moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite , they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom , lamp fixtures literally falling off wall , mirror torn off wall , etc . ended up in a room on Nth floor -- much nicer , but yesterday waited N minutes for elevator on two separate occasions . only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors , so you can be stuck waiting for ever . when i raised this to hotel staff , was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it . umm , no . this is not an old building problem , this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it . thumbs way down , stay away . go to the drake or knickerbocker if you ' re looking for old world charm , sans hassle . 
recently i traveled to chicago for business . i was treated to a stay at the intercontinental chicago by my employer . it truly says something about your company when they are willing to go the extra mile to make time away from family and friends as comfortable and as relaxing as possible for you . i was greeted by a series of smiling faces that were employed at the hotel and all were eager to help . i checked in at the amazingly lavish lobby and was escorted by hotel staff who assisted me with my bags up to my room . my room was dripping with taste . the stylish room was only made more accommodating by the amenities it offered . with a mini-bar , large flat-screen television , and an entire home office setup , i barely had to leave the room . why would i want to with the amazing views of the lake and entire city . what an amazing experience i had and i will gladly come back . 
we stayed in a king suite at the hotel allegro over memorial day weekend . we paid N night , and it was definitely a bargain . the suite was huge - living room with a couch , two chairs , desk large bathroom bedroom two closets . the room had recently been renovated , and was very clean . comfortable bed , friendly staff , great location ( near the train and bus ) , evening wine reception and morning coffee provided . while the allegro isn ' t a five-star hotel , it is a great place for the money . ( note a friend stayed in a non-suite room , and reported that it was very small . upgrade if possible ) . 
the millennium hotel knickerbocker sounds fine , and the website is pretty , but the reality is an over-hyped , overpriced , reality-isn ' t-as-good-as-fantasy package . the catering they offer is a joke you can pick up better food for half the price at a dozen or more places in the chicago area . while the rooms were cleaner than most , there was a lingering unpleasant odor from the cleaners they used that aggravated my sinuses , and when i called to complain about it , a nasal-voiced clerk blew me off . the rooms look small but cozy when you book online , but when you get there in person , you realize just how tiny they are . trying to fit inside of one makes you think of being in a sardine can -- did i mention that it smelled like cleaning solution ? i also found a hair on my supposedly clean bed , which made me wonder just how thorough their housekeeping staff is . in fact , it looks like all of their rooms are comparatively small you ' d get better prices and a far better room from the hilton . 
the international chicago magnificent mile is shrouded in glamour , but underneath the facade fades away . the ' classical architectural landmark ' should be translated to ' old and boring . i found this hotel via google and have regretted it ever since . room size was small and unaccommodating , and that was one of the newer rooms ! everything was free except for the gym ( why that wouldn ' t be free with the price i paid i don ' t know ) . this hotel is overpriced for the quality and size of the room that you get , and i would not recommend staying there . 
we brought our giant rottweiler and she had a great time . small rooms , but this is normal for the chicago hotel scene . lots of interesting amenities in the room . convenient to theatres and downtown restaurants and shopping . really loved the lobby -- a great place to hang around or wait for someone . lots of nooks and crannies and little tables and sofas everywhere . watch out the concierge ( like all concierges at big hotels ) will direct you to mediocre , large restaurants where they get kickbacks . we have stayed here several times and i always check for rooms here when i travel to chicago . however , the hotel is often full so book early . 
awesome hotel , our room overlooked michigan ave and we could see the river . very stylish , trendy room and hotel . lacked a bit in amenities ( pool , etc ) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel . booked it thought hotwire for N which was awesome value . 
this was a wonderful stay . the staff was extremely helpful , the rooms are especially large , and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy . the breakfast and supper were excellent . they go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance , they have take-away plates you can take up to your room . the business center , gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in chicago . 
i was very disappointed with this hotel . i have stayed in other swissotels and enjoyed them very much , but the service can only be described as aloof . there was no warmth during the prolonged checkin procedure , and the woman repeatedly asked me to provide information i had given her minutes ago . precise , indeed . room service took forever to pick up ( good sign in a way busy because they are good ) , but the food arrived very late and very cold . the man tried to replace it , but than took another hour , and i was never given a price reduction , free dessert , or anything to apologize . as for cleanliness , they must be next to godly , as they knocked on my door at N , despite the fact i had a doorknocker requesting no service ( i ' m a late sleeper . ) very disappointed with my stay . this hotel clearly did not help build the chain ' s reputation . 
the talbott hotel is fantastic ! i stayed there on business and found that it met my every need . the high speed internet access worked flawlessly allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room . i really like to exercise before a day of meetings access to the fitness club next door was very convenient . last point i work for a green consulting firm out of l . a . and the hotel ' s environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission . guilt free luxury ! 
the affinia hotel is beautiful ! it ' s in a great location , the service is top-notch , and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious . the look of the hotel is very modern , but it feels warm and cozy , too . the restaurant is amazing ! i thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back ! if you ' re planning a trip to chicago , check this place out ! 
my daughter and i woke in the morning wanting to go swimming . when we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum . i then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool , one white phone and one emergency red phone , to call the desk . both were out of service ! ! ! ! i am glad there wasn ' t an emergency . as we were exited the pool area i ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean . . . . never heard back . 
we booked this hotel for the second leg of our chicago stay . . it was great ! ! ! ! the lion king package was pricey but reasonable , given the ticket costs and the suite . room was great . . . . classical music greeted us when we entered our room after a long day of sightseeing and shopping . nytimes and chicago tribune at your door every morning . one block from the washington el train station . we never saw the small rooms that every one apparently doesn ' t like , but the suite rooms were fun and our kids loved it . dunkin doughnuts and corner bakery down the block . city hall , picasso structure . . . . this was a great place . book it and also use the golden touch limo service . . . reasonable . omar is a super guy . 
i ' ll keep it short . my wife , daughter and i stayed at this hotel for N nights . we go on several vacations a year and this was a great hotel . location it is located in the center of the magnificent mile ( michigan ave . ) , so it is near or easily accessible to everything you might want to do . hotel the hotel itself is very clean , as were the rooms . maid service was excellent , including Nx daily cleaning and turndown service ( i think they missed a night ) . service every staff member we encountered was super friendly and kind . they always have someone at the lobby door greeting you with a smile . every night we had milk and cookies waiting in our room ( sometimes chocolates on our pillows ) . they always pushed the elevator button for you if they were near it . there was no shortage of people to ask things . my only conplaint was that the congierge was tough to get . they shouuld have more than one , or longer hours . other we had breakfast in the N restaurant and it was very good , and well attended , appointed . they even carried my wifes plate to the table from the buffet . the pool was a nice addition and a hit with the kids . it was nice to go for a swim after a long day of walking . pool and changing areas were spotless . room clean , sunny and spacious . probably over N sq . ft . - N tvs , couch , desk , chairs - all in perfect shape . the windows open for some fresh air . pillows were pretty comfortable . with all aspects considered , i think this was an unbeatable value ! i would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to a friend . i truly have nothing negative to say about the hotel . it was a wonderful stay and we will miss being there . omni has hit the right formula to make a guest feel like a welcomed person as opposed to just a nuisance or a number . the airlines have cornered the market on that . 
this hotel does not live up to the reviews . the room was larger than i expected . however , the decor was a bit dated . the bedding was ripped , carpet was stained , and the shower door was broken . there was a long wait to the elevators , and if you ' re on floors N-N you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym . the main issue i had was the attitude i received from the staff . there was literally only one nice person at the front desk . there are no ice machines in this building , so you have to request it from the front desk . one day i requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person . N minutes later i made a follow up call because i did not receive my ice . i was nastily told that ice takes N minutes and i should just wait . i finally got the ice N minutes later . two days later i requested ice again . waited N minutes and just gave up . while i was leaving , i mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said ' i didn ' t get a call for ice . ' well i obviously wasn ' t making it up , lady ! i called and spoke with someone . she didn ' t even apologize or offer me anything . overall , i would not recommend this hotel . there are so many hotels in the chicago area . choose a different one . 
when i called to edit my existing reservation , i was placed on hold for N minutes ! finally someone came on the phone and said , ' ill have to transfer you ' , so i was put on hold for another N minutes . when i finally did get to speak to someone , as i was going through my changes , i asked her to send me a revised copy of the reservation to which she huffed and acted very put off . before she was able to disconnect with me , i said ' i have one more question ' to which she replied ' i ' m working at the front desk and i have customers waiting ! ' i thought , so am i not your customer ? pathetic and rude . hotel better find some better employees for their guests to truly enjoy their stay . 
i stayed here with my family when we were in chicago on a family vacation . all i can say is wow ! a fantastic experience all around . first off , the hotel is magnificent , the lobby entreway is jaw dropping to say the least . everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks , to the cleaning staff , to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly . the rooms themselves are fantastic , perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation . the new serenity beds that the hilton offered were to die for ! one of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years ! the kids loved the ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and i loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours . as usual , it had wifi , which was ultra cheap and very very fast . over all i highly recommend the palmer house hilton ! 
swissotel continues to be a yawn as previous posters state , punching in your floor is ridiculous . on the other hand , technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators ( but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me , why change ) ? in any case , i want to take a nice hot soak and--guess what--they are having water problems . . . sooooo disappointed . hopefully i don ' t get bug bitten this time ( checked under the sheets ) . sadly , due to my company ' s deal , i think i have to stay here again next year sigh . . . but so far they are batting N star . . . . -------------- oh boy , it must be my luck . . . or rather this hotel is just run down . i had to swap room four times . and that ' s for a thurs nite-sunday morning stay . my first room had no hot water so i had to switch rooms . they gave me the key to the Nnd room , which happened to be occupied . luckily the occupants had their security latch on , so there wasn ' t any embarrassing moment . my third room was fine for N nights but then today ( just now ) i had to move because of water leakage ( above my room and below my room ) . boy , talk about an awful hotel ( or my just awful luck ? ? ? ? maybe it ' s karma since i wrote a bad review last year , and continue to write one . . . but it ' s the truth ) . oh , also last year may not have been bed bugs . i have checked the room and it looks bug free but i still get these itchy patches on my leg . perhaps it is something in the sheets . . . or the air hvac . . . . in any case , despite the decent staff , it is a one at best ( N for hotel , N for the still nice service--since it ' s not their fault . . . . ) all i can say is . . . thank goodness my company won ' t hold the conference in chicago next year , or at least at this hotel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i stayed at the fairmont during a professional conference . while i have to say that for a conference , some of the meeting rooms were too small , in terms of traveler ' s comfort the hotel is exceptional ! i can ' t think of a single thing about my room that wasn ' t perfect . the accommodations were luxurious and the hotel is conveniently situated within walking distance of many chicago attractions . 
other reviews complain about the small rooms . for a major city , we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings . one feature we liked is the ability to open the window . the knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off michigan avenue in the best area of chicago . the staff was friendly and helpful . for the N we paid on hotwire , we could not have found a better room in downtown chicago . 
i stayed at the palmer house for N night on a corporate rate . the bed was excellent , the linens towels were top of the line . i did not find my room shabby , as other reviewers noted . the palmer house is over N years old . rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture i think that lends to the ambience of the place . it is expensive , and i ' m not sure i ' d stay there if my company weren ' t picking up the tab . but the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring . 
rooms are so dark we had to insist they bring lamps so we could see . the room we had at almost N a night was dingy and small . don ' t mistakingly think the hard rock cafe is there , it isn ' t . they have a chinese restaurant that is overpriced and limited on items . the room service menu is broken down in terms of times you can order certain foods . when my wife wanted a milk shake we had to call the manager to have it made since the kitchen staff said it wasn ' t a choice . the rolled roast beef sandwich was listed under the N am choice and they refused to make it untill again , we called the manager who did get it to us . the staff did appear friendly , although housekeeping totally disregarded our ' do not disturb ' sign and would call us on the phone . don ' t make the mistake of staying here but if you do , walk across the street and buy snacks you want because even a soda is N plus N gratuity . we ended up having to order delivery food brought to us . this is the most overpriced , over rated and dingy hotel we ' ve ever stayed in . taxi to airport is N . 
i recently was in chicago on business and chose to stay at the swissotel , chicago . the hotel sells itself as being stylish , sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city . i would have been better off anywhere else . i was not impressed with the interior , finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste . i guess ' stylish ' might be modern in some people ' s minds , but not mine . also , luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical . when i made my way to reception , i hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website . i had organized an executive suite as i was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room , and thought the extra space would come in handy . when i proceeded to check in , the girl at the desk told me , while smacking gum , that i had no reservation . i handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong , even though i had spelled it out for her . she then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference , all of the executive suites had already been allocated , but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room . correct me if i am wrong , but this is a step down from the room i had asked for ! surely if you give away my room , you should try to compensate me with something better ! i said that no , i really needed more space as i would be using the room as an office , and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available , and that if i wanted to switch the following evening , i would be welcome to do that . the room was ok , although , again , i was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt . i did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services , but found them sadly lacking . some comments on the services the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect , and also a per day fee which borders on extortion ! there was free wifi in the lobby , but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air , plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out . i did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels , but had to wait N hours before they arrived . the fitness center and pool which i was looking forward to using , were closed for cleaning when i went up . breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items , which is not what i would have expected for the money . all in all , i would say your money is better spent elsewhere . 
my husband and i stayed in this hotel for what was supposed to be a romantic weekend . it was far from that ! we could hear the television in the neighboring room and when we called the front desk to complain , the person who answered the phone was extremely rude ! we were unable to relax at all ! also , the room was not very clean , there was a definite smell of cigarette smoke and the bed was as hard as a rock . we will not be returning to this awful place ! 
me and my business associate had a job in chicago and wanted to stay somewhere that had more features . we did some research online and came across the hotel moncaco . we decided to stay for N nights . when we arrived we noticed that it was in a busy part of the city with bright lights . the staff was upstiff , and didn ' t not offer much hospitality . our room did have a view , but of the city lights and kept our room bright , even with the curtains closed . the beds appeared soft , but did not offer much comfort . for what we paid , we expected more . 
i was extremly unhappy with my recent stay at affinia chicago ! when i arrived to check in , my reservation that i had made , ( and confirmed ) , N weeks earlier , was not in the computer . i had to wait N minutes in the lobby while a room was being cleaned for me . the whole time the desk clerk gave me dirty looks and texted non-stop on her cell phone , while the office phone rang off the hook . i had no toilet paper in my restroom or trash can in room . i ' ll never go back , dont waste your money . 
i actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price ! it was a lovely hotel , beautifully appointed , walking distance from the places we wanted to go . we would highly recommend the fairmont . 
we stayed at the millennium knickerbocker last week and it was really wonderful . first off , the staff is excellent . all of our needs were addressed quickly and with a smile . the hotel really was the perfect launching pad for us to take in everything that chicago has to offer . all of the shopping of michigan avenue was just steps from our room . we decided to go for the shedd aquarium package . we started the day with a really wonderful breakfast at the hotel and then thoroughly enjoyed our ' all access pass ' to the aquarium ( very cool ! ) . after our long days of sightseeing ( and a quick stop at the wonderful martini bar ) , it was so nice to come back to the room which was elegant , but a very comfortable sanctuary from the busy city . to top it all off , they have the most incredible shower that i ' ve ever used ( and , even better , it ' s all ' green ' ) . what more can i say ? the millennium knickerbocker was a huge part of what made our vacation so wonderful and memorable . i highly recommend it ! 
amazing ! i was swept away when i walked into the hotel it was gorgeous . the staff was very nice and helpful the hotel was very clean , and the food was delicious . we stayed two nights and the first night we went to the lockwood restaurant and we were blown away by the food . it has to be the best food in chicago the atmosphere was very classy and warm and the wait staff was very precise . the decor in our rooms did not look like any hotel i had been at they were very elegant and inviting . i cannot wait to go back it is a true escape from daily life . 
i ' d expect a ' luxury ' hotel to pay more attention to details . the room really hadn ' t been thoroughly cleaned-- i found hairballs under the bed , the mirrors were streaked , etc . the desk staff took forever to even acknowledge me when i was checking in three of them , two on the phone , and nobody even made eye contact for N minutes . then , they gave the vaguest answers to some pretty basic questions about the neighborhood you ' d think they ' d know where to find a starbucks . the internet was ridiculously slow the whole two days i was there . 
not worth the price ! i had the unfortunate experience of staying in the hilton homewood suites in downtown chicago . i stayed there with my family while we were on vacation . i wish i would have saved my money and went somewhere else . with a hotel this expensive , you think that they might throw in some bonuses your way , like complimentary parking . not a chance . in addition to the N price tag , i also had to pay N for parking , per night . if i had stayed at the motel N , parking would have been free . the staff there were not very nice at all . when i registered , the lady at the counter acted like helping me was interfering with her internet chat time . she was very rude to me . perhaps she was having a bad day or something , but i doubt it . after i arrived in my room , my key card didn ' t work , and i had to go back downstairs to get it fixed ( once again , interrupting her precious free time with some actual work ) . the rooms had some nice features , like kitchen appliances and a flat screen television . i didn ' t go on vacation to cook though . the television didn ' t get very many channels , and you had to pay if you wanted to watch any of their movies ( of course ) . i tried logging into facebook to say hello to my friends from the hotel room , but the ' complimentary ' internet access was so slow that it was hardly worth using . i get a better connection at starbucks . they offer a complimentary dinner and breakfast , but it ' s nothing to write home about . i ' ve had better food at mcdonald ' s . the food was pretty cold , and the choices are very limited . traffic around the hotel was hideous . this hotel is downtown , and you can definitely tell . there are a bunch of one-way streets around , which makes getting in and out confusing . the room was pretty clean , but you can say that about a lot of hotels in a wide variety of price ranges . if you ' re looking for a hotel in chicago , i ' d say save some money and go somewhere else . i ' ve had better stays at the best western and many other hotels that cost less . 
stayed here for two days in the first week in january , when hotel was very quiet . got a big corner room . staff are friendly , decor is modern , and there ' s a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast , which you take back to your room . the free hors d ' oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives , breads , cheeses and meats , marinated vegetables . this was a really easy hotel to stay in , fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the ' l ' , and quiet , despite the building work opposite . if you ' re in chicago , stay here . 
we stayed here in january when it was -N . but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back . chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay , period . now we stayed from the N N N to N N N and enjoyed every day . ( p . s . the weather was in the high Ns ) . to get back to the hotel , it was fantastic , it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city . two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son . full kitchen , ( laundry on Nth floor ) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance , everything within walking distance . you wont need a car and at N for valet parking you wont want one . dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed . oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done . its a no brainer book now . p . s . theres also a beach within walking distance 
what i hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare . the first sign of trouble at the affinia was that they couldn ' t find my reservation . add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked . the internet service was so slow it was unusable . to top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible . finally , i discovered the valet parking , which was a N premium service , dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car . i highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit chicago . 
i just spent a week at the millennium knickerbocker hotel and it was a very plesant stay . when i first walked into the room it was very clean . the bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant . room service was very good . the view was amazing and i would recomend staying there . 
we became an ambassador member just before spending mother ' s day at the chicago intercontinental , and received a room upgrade to an exceptional room . our saturday night stay was the best N we ever spent ( mother ' s day special ) . the welcoming chocolate covered strawberries began the weekend on a high note the concierge continued it by arranging a wonderful dinner ( moderately priced ) , and the great sunday breakfast topped it all off . all in all , mother ' s day in chicago was super . we loved it enough to be back for labor day weekend ( another ' package ' ) . 
the ambassador east hotel , located in downtown chicago , is one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . my wife and i went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the ambassador east on a hotel booking website . their rates are very , very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide . i was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn ' t find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend . i was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer , which is nice because most places in chicago are very impersonal . all in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area . N N stars . 
i stayed at the knickerbocker hotel the last time i visited chicago . i lived in illinois during college , and as i was on a college budget , most of my trips up to the city involved sharing a room at one of the cheaper hotels away from downtown . for my visit back , i decided i would treat myself to a nicer stay than i was used to , so i booked a room at the knickerbocker . everything looked nice when i got there , but for the price i paid , i was really expecting something far above and beyond what i got . maybe i wasn ' t dressed right , or didn ' t carry the right luggage , but the front desk clerk was unnecessarily snooty when i checked in . shouldn ' t a hotel try to make its guests feel welcome ? when i stayed at the cheap hotels in college , the front desk employees were always friendly when i checked in and out , and they would give me good tips on the best way to get to the fun things in the city . here , i didn ' t even want to ask for any tips at the front desk because i didn ' t want to deal with the eye rolling and ' too important to be bothered ' attitude i got when i checked in . i guess the location was more convenient than the hotels i used to visit , but i really thought that part of the money i was spending on a nice hotel would pay for a pleasant customer service experience . look , obviously i can afford to stay at your hotel , i already booked and paid for the room . even if customer service isn ' t your number one goal , making money should be pretty high up on the list , and making a paying customer feel unwelcome isn ' t a very good way to secure return business . i doubt i ' ll stay here again . 
this hotel is one superior hotel . the prices are reasonable and the benefits are just fantastic . my husband and i got a package that lets us get a hotel with a view and the view was amazing . waking up to seeing lake michigan was a site not to miss . the rooms were always cleaned when we got back from our shopping at bloomingdales or in other places in chicago , and the customer service was top notch and very friendly . 
the millennium knickerbocker hotel has seen better days . i had fond memories of staying there when it was considered the finest hotel . i booked a room to celebrate a special occasion and found a highly-priced , not so great property . i had to look at five suites before i found one where the upholstered furniture was to my liking , some of the other rooms carpet was not clean , the refrigerator was dripping water , and the balcony was littered with cigarette butts . i finally settled for a room , only because the bellman was friendly and apologetic but as over priced as it was i should have turned around and walked out . i sent a letter to the management when i returned home , but it had been a month and i never received an answer . there are plenty of other places to spend your money . don ' t leave it at this hotel . 
i stayed here N nights for a business conference . the food was pretty good . and they had these really good mints that i couldn ' t resist . the room was very comfortable and the bed was great . but i was annoyed by many issues . first , their internet went down for a couple of hour when i was there on a break from the conference . it wouldn ' t have been big deal except i needed to do some business while it was down . second , the internet wasn ' t available in the conference rooms . i suppose the conference i attended would have had to pay extra for it . third , the chair in the room was too low for the desk so i was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later . fourth , on the second night my key didn ' t work . so i asked for a new one which also didn ' t work . so i asked for another one and the same thing happened . thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so i didn ' t have to go back down to the lobby a third time . then he came back a little later to tell me i was in the wrong room , which i wasn ' t . finally , he came back with the right key . fifth , the tv had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume . sixth , they didn ' t have the comedy channel . much cheaper hotels do . if this hotel didn ' t cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences , but i would expect more for what i paid . 
hotel allegro chicago is a beautiful place . i was originally dreading being in chicago due to the fact it was all business and no play , but as soon as i saw the inside of the hotel i was stunned ! i wasn ' t expecting to stay at a place that made business trip feel like a get-away vacation . the service there was amazing , everybody was very friendly . when i saw my room , once again my jaw almost dropped . the room was fit for a king , the designs on the wall were so elegant . the beds were extraordinarily comfy . i think for my next business trip i am going to bring my wife and kids with me . i give this kimpton hotel N N stars ! 
i have recently stayed at the fairmont chicago millennium park and the visit was most unpleasant . this hotel was loud and the staff was very rude . all the fancy lights and designs are just a distraction from the snobby people who stay there and the people who work there that seem to hate their jobs . the hotel food was old , it seemed like they were making it all at once for all the people staying there . the beds were hard and uncomfortable and it was an over all bad experience in what looked like a ' nice place to spend a vacation ' 
the name ' hard rock ' might trigger images of hip rockers but you will be sorely disappointed by staying here . the website alludes to musicians and parties but if you ' re looking to hob nob with the rich and famous the hard rock falls short . the hotel puts on a kitchy show by the decorations in the lobby and around the property but there is nothing exciting about this . the service is mediocre and the rooms aren ' t clean . i stayed at this hotel last year for a long weekend in chicago and was very much looking forward to some fun , exciting romance . i should have picked somewhere else . save your money . 
what a gorgeous hotel ! from the moment we stepped inside the warm colors of the lobby made us feel welcome at the sheraton and in chicago . the heavenly beds made the view from our room that much better , and to top it off with great restaurants , you couldn ' t ask a hotel for more ! starbucks coffee in the rooms were just an extra touch that guarantees we ' ll be back every time we visit chicago . 
this is a great hotel but there is no way that i would recommend it until the construction around it is complete . the elevator is the alley starts for the construction site behind at N Nam and goes on into the night . dumpster filling and emptying also seems to go on N N . worst of all , the restaurant is open to the sidewalk cafe here and the rats go scampering from the construction next door to street to grating . ugh ! 
i made reservations with the chicago fitzpatrick using their N number for two nights in june . i received no written confirmation with cancelation policy , etc . however , when i attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night ' s reservation , i was told that they would charge me for one nights stay . they have a ' Npm the day before your first nights stay ' policy . even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy . this is not a common policy on michigan ave . i ' d advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy . it was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel ! 
i was very unsatisfied with my stay at the allegro . the front desk clerk seemed very put out when we walked up to her window . after giving her our confirmation number she let us know that our rooms were not ready yet . this came as a surprise to me since we arrived late in the day and check in had already began . after waiting an hour to check in we were not able to get the room features that we had requested . we were informed that they were ' only requests ' and not a guarantee . room service was also very slow and appeared to be understaffed . when we finally got someone to answer the phone they were out of most everything we wanted . the food took an eternity to reach the room and the order wasn ' t exactly right either . this is not the kind of service i expected from an upscale hotel . 
i have to agree that the intercontinental chicago is a nice hotel from the outside . but it is not a nice place to stay if you are planning to visit chicago . the ambience of the hotel looks bland and they also have the same amenities as other cheaper hotels . you can get an excellent dining experience somewhere for less . 
me and my wife stayed at the omni hotel in chicago for a customer training at a nearby hospital . we ended up only staying for N nights and the service was awful here . at first once coming into the room , there was a mildewy smell in the air , which we were fortunate enough to bring a potpourri spray with us just incase . the continental breakfast each morning was terrible as well . the eggs were runny and the coffee was not hot at all . to make matters even worse , the room service attendant did not get to our rooms until the middle of the afternoon , when my wife was back from exploring the city . this was simply unacceptable by any standard . 
the palmer house hilton was recommended to me by a friend who had visited chicago the previous summer . i was very happy with the location , and was able to visit the nearby lake michigan and millennium park ( beautiful ! ! ) . the rooms were good size , and the right amount of luxury for the price . i didn ' t use room service much , but when i did everything was in order . 
my first trip back to chicago in about N years was perfect ! i chose the knickerbocker as i had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to michigan avenue , rush street and downtown chicago . i must say i was very impressed with the guestrooms ! i had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what i ' ve seen in photo ' s posted on the reviews . the guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel ! the beds are wonderful -- i need to get a pillow top mattress at home ! i used the internet access with no issue and i loved the larger screen tv ' s . the shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose . and the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile . i ' m anxious to get back to chicago and it won ' t be N years from now ! i would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms , location and staff ! i ' ve added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one ' s i saw on previous reviews with the new renovation . 
the amalfi hotel in chicago was by far one of the best experiences i ' ve had . it definitely felt as comfortable as home with the all the luxuriance of a five star establishment . i had forgotten my favorite cd that puts me to sleep each night . when mentioning this in front of the front desk clerk , she told me that they have a huge collection of cd ' s available for guests . low and behold , they had my favorite cd ! ! also , my laptop was not cooperating . come to find out , they offer every guest full access to their amazing and fully functional business center ! from now on , when visiting chicago , i will only be staying at the amalfi hotel ! 
i traveled to chicago recently with my giant german shepard dog rex and picked the hard rock hotel for the perfect location and because a close friend had warmly recommended their pet friendliness . the service truly is incredible . they even had a web-cam so i could check in on rex while i was out for dinner in the evening and a friendly staff member took him for a walk when i could not make it home from a meeting the day after . the rooms really rock ( pardon the pun ) . nothing like the cheap plastic laminated stained carpet decor so common in other places that allow pets . the easy chair looked so good that i was almost afraid rex would snack on it while i was out , but he seemed to like the guitar chew-toy that came with the pet package better . i would definitely recommend the hard rock hotel to my friends - whether they travel with or without pets . 
as a regular visitor to chicago and a freuent guest at the ambassador east , i was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit . room service has been eliminated despite the renowned pump room being located in the hotel , there was no in-room directory , the carpet was torn and stained , no phone book , the refigerator and honor bar had been removed , and the room was so small i had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire . i asked the desk clerk about larger rooms , and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue , as there are several larger room types . he didn ' t even offer to check availablity of other rooms ! in talking with the consierge , she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years . all in all , a very disappointing , and expensive , experience . 
i was really expecting a lot more from a quality chain like the sheraton , but a recent stay at their downtown location in chicago was somewhat of a disappointment . it started with check in i had specifically requested a room with a single king-size bed , but was told at the front desk in no uncertain terms ( ok , rather rudely ! ) that because of some banker ' s convention that was going on , i should be happy with the double-bed room that was left . it was all i could do to get a lousy drink voucher for my inconvenience ! the room itself was ok , nothing special though . the cleaning staff must ' ve just been through , because there was a faint aroma of old washrags still in the air . the internet jack wasn ' t working . it took more than two hours for a maintenance guy to come up to fix it , no apologies given . for the price , i really expected more in the way of customer service from sheraton . i guess they ' re really no better than anyone else these days ! 
nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the fairmont chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to chicago . the staff were friendly and helpful , arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city . there are many attractions withiin easy walking distance ( the art institute is a must see and millenium park is a fun visit ) . the architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby . the rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense . we would definitely stay here again . 
the hard rock is glossy and sexy , but an absolutely fantastic hotel . . . . i was in town for business and stayed here because of it ' s location , but i absolutely understand why tourists would like it . . . right on the river , cool art deco building and millenium park is just down the street . regardless- the room was clean , the staff was friendly , but not annoying and the bar was fun . i was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were good ! i ' ll definitely try it again ! 
we recently stayed at the fairmont chicago millennium park while travelling for business . what an incredible experience ! friends had stayed there years ago , but when we showed them our photos , they couldn ' t believe the amazing renovations . while we loved the modern decor and style , our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call fairmont pure rooms . i have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling , so i wasn ' t too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room . i have to say i felt great during our entire stay . we enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at eno . what a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel . this hotel is truly beautiful , everything you would expect from a high-end , big city hotel . our stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park didn ' t disappoint us in any respect . our only disappointment ? we don ' t have a reason to go back to chicago anytime soon , but i have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future . 
located right in the heart of downtown chicago i visited this hotel on a business trip . the first things i noticed was how friendly the staff is , and how clean the rooms are ( even compared to other luxury hotels ) seeing as i had a night layover before my meeting i decided to stop by the terrace and get a drink , i got a mojito and i must say i was very impressed , i ' ve had my share of mojitos and it was one of the better ones , once i retired back to my room i found the sound system to be excellent , bed was soft and the tv didn ' t appear burned out at all . overall i give this a five out of five , the staff was helpful and friendly the whole time and the atmosphere was perfect , i wish i could have stayed longer . 
i travel a lot for business and quite frankly , my expectations were starting to reach new lows . i usually always choose w hotels just for the consistency ( of average hotels ) . the affinia in chicago has raised my expectations and w hotels are going to suffer in comparison . this hotel is one of the cleanest i have stayed at in some time . service was impeccable . friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels i ordered arrived literally within minutes . the gym has new equipment with plenty of space . and such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music . i have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the affinia and i was so pleased . my new ' chicago hotel ' . it will even lead me to try the manhattan hotels . 
we planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the swissotel chicago . our fun time was not exactly that . upon arriving for our weekend getaway , we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite , did not mean a thing . apparently , there were none of the kids suites available . the kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room coloring , video games , etc . no one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available . whatever . so , we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available . guess what ? we spent the whole weekend in the same room . yes , the staff apologized , but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it . other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly , the rooms were clean . we did not spend a lot of time in the hotel , but i will not be booking a room here again . the staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all . 
i booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed . the room looked nice , but i found that there weren ' t any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional . i came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon . i asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming . i would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport , especially since the website advertises the close distance . instead , i had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic . all in all , not the best experience at all . 
the service was only subpar and then rooms needed better cleaning . i was at the check in counter longer than expected because they decided to use a trainee to check me in , definitely no fun after such a long flight . there were no clean towels in the room and my bill was returned with room service charges of which i did not order . 
my husband and i decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the talbott hotel in chicago . we decided to book the ' personally yours romance package ' for our stay . when we arrived at the hotel , the staff was very friendly and approachable . the personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch . each night , we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed . the personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and i to see a chicago cubs baseball game . i would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away . 
we ' ve just returned from a two night stay at the affinia chicago and our visit was delightful . thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance . . it was a mess . and the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable . even parts of the lobby had ' wet paint ' stickers . all these things could have made for a disappointing stay . not so ! ! although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff . after just a few minutes we felt like we were ' at home . ' the suite on the Nth floor , with a fab view along a wall of windows , was sparkling fresh and clean . the bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly N years saying that it made her look younger . . . she was right ! everything in and about the room was ' like-new ' and very stylish . as a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the magnificient mile and all of its ambiance . thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff , a fantastic location , and chic decorating elements , this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in chicago . the stay was short . . but sweet . 
my wife and i were guests at the hotel allego in chicago for a long weekend getaway ( september N - N , N ) . we had checked out the hotel ' s website long before booking and were quite excited about our trip . once we arrived , the hotel staff informed us that the room we requested was unavailable and brought us to a different room that smelled quite moldy . when i asked to be moved to another room ( my wife has asthma ) we were politely told that we were unable to be switched at that time . the room was not particularly well-cleaned we found previous guests hair in the bathroom sink and on the floor , and a film of dust across the television set . we are not the type to complain , so we went out to explore the city and assumed that would be the worst of it . at nighttime when we tried to sleep , we discovered the bed sagged terribly in the middle and the walls were so thin , every nearby conversation could be heard perfectly . we were tossing and turning half the night . in the morning we hoped a quick workout might help energize us for the day , but we discovered that the wellness and fitness center described on the website was really not at all what we anticipated a few treadmills and a dilapidated weight rack . the concierge was almost never around in the lobby ( her sign always said ' be right back ! ' ) and when we did ask her questions , she was actually somewhat cold and rude towards us . the second night was without incident , luckily , except for the terrible bed , but the third night we were woken up three times by hotel staff trying to enter the room to clean despite our ' do not disturb ' sign . i would not recommend this hotel . 
we went to chicago to see an exhibit at the art institute and selected the fairmont because it was so close . although the lobby is still being renovated , our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive . the room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate . the only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished . the maid does not do that , and by bedtime on the first night , we still didn ' t have coffee . we called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply . the restaurant is a little underwhelming , but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks , we probably wouldn ' t have eaten there any more than we did . after having stayed in close to a dozen different chicago hotels , this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return . 
we stayed here from nov . N to dec N and had a wonderful time . the hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in kitty o ' shea ' s . we had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows . you can request other types if you have a problem with feathers . the large flat screen tv was very nice . bath products were by crabtree evelyn and included shampoo , conditioner , mouthwash and bady lotion . plenty of coffee was provided . we drank and had snacks at kitty o ' shea ' s . the crowd was fun and there was live irish folk music each night . good selection of beer and good shepards pie , cheese dip and crisps ! the location worked very well for us . we walked to the art museum and buddy guys blues club is right across the street . and shopping was a breeze using the shuttle ! the cab ride to the museum of science and industry was quite far though and cost about N each way . an excellent weekend getaway ! 
just returned from N nights at the ambassador and i have to say that i am very happy that i chose this hotel . it is true that this is an older hotel . but it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur . ( think of the hotel from the shining , minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins . ) from the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids , i was made to feel like royalty . a special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions . also the location of the hotel is great . close to all the action , but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions . i also got a sweet N per night room by booking on travelzoo . that was just an added bonus however . even if i paid N per night , my impression of the ambassador would not change . highly , highly recommended . 
i booked this hotel on priceline for N N , and a week later called the hotel directly to add N N to our stay . the receptionist confirmed my reservation confirmation and gave me a lower rate for both nights for the same king suite . when we arrived at check-in , there was no record of my N N reservation whatsoever . the hotel was also fully booked , leaving my tired , hungry family and i high and dry with nowhere to go . the only decent thing that happened with this whole debacle was that lisa at the check-in desk called around to several other hotels close-by to find us a room , and seemed to be the only employee working at a very busy time of evening . we ended up at embassy suites for both nights and had a very pleasant experience there . 
terrible experience , i will not stay here again . the walls were so thin that i was kept up all night by the party going on in the suite next to mine . i talked to the management several times , but nothing was done . it may just be the people that i had contact with , but i thought the staff was standoffish and rude . very unpleasant experience , especially given the cost of staying here ! 
the hilton chicago is one of the best hotels i have ever had the good fortune to lodge at in my entire life . it is an extremely luxirious hotel located on the ' cultural michigan avenue mile ' , and it overlooks grant park , lake michigan , and museum campus . in addition to overlooking those wonderful sights , it ' s also located conveniently close to chicago ' s convention center , mccormick place convention center , as well as the business center , shopping and theatre . furthermore , there are a myriad of attractions close to the hotel , such as millenium park , buckingham park , and the sears tower . the amenities offered by the hilton chicago hotel include N wireless internet access in all guest rooms , N ' inch flat screen televisions , a serenity bed , and two-line direct dial phones . and on top of all that , the hotel is pet friendly ! i ' ll definitely be staying here again . 
we paid N a night through priceline , which is excellent for june . our room had a fantastic view of the hancock building and the river . the room was large , clean and had a couch , easy chair and desk chair . the bedding was the newer ' non-bedspread ' style , the bed was comfortable , the bathroom was large and , well , we were pleased with the room and the hyatt in every way . we ate at the lobby restaurant , which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there . we only got cobb salads , so i don ' t know if the food , in general , is good or not . the cobb was so-so . our only complaint was the N fee to park your car over-night and the N daily fee for the internet . many places are offering free internet these days and i wish the hyatt would hop on board with this concept . we hated to leave ! 
stayed here for N nights while visiting chicago for the first time . the location is great , the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms . the lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink . didn ' t eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside the art institute , cultural centre macys . staff were friendly . would recommend it as a base to tour the city . 
this hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last N years . the first room they gave us was a shock . tiny and the bathroom was a joke , , you had to step inside , move out of the way just to shut the door . the furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was very beat up and painted over about N times . so they transfered us to the ' executive suite ' that room had a tiny bathroom . . i mean tiny ! the furniture was hideous and dirty . it was on the Nrd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud . the only impressive part is the lobby . . but don ' t be fooled . because after that . . the floors above look like they need a major overhaul . . and the rooms were not worth even N per night . we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through priceline deal . i don ' t think we want to do priceline again only because they have the knickerbocker as a N star hotel and we don ' t ever want to go back there again . N stars at best for the dumpy knickerbocker . they should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms . boomer . naperville , il 
the thing that makes this such an enjoyable place to stay is the staff who were all excellent and polite and the service was impeccable . the room was very clean , the beds were comfortable but it was a little small and the water in the bathroom was not very hot . other than that it was a great place to stay . 
i have been stayed in allegro for two days . there are not other big prolems but one thing i ' m not satisfied with is the light . it is dark in the room . also in the bathroom , the light is not good . i have to open curtains . i have complained about this to their reception . they said they will fix it , but i did not get any response . i am very disappointed and i will never come back again . 
this hotel is beautiful , it is very modern and has a very luxuary feel to it . the location is wonderful , it is close to magnificent mile and the navy pier , which was a great place to show the children on our vacation . we had the option of private parking which made a feel secure with our car , and the valet was very nice and helpful . i also take my work with me everywhere i go , so the wi-fi at the hotel was a-plus . they have a wide selection of packages that can include anything from the couple that wants to get away or a family outing . this place is great for the price , due to the looks of the hotel you will be surprised at how affordable it is . this is very nice place and it gives you a feeling of being the queen or king for the duration of your stay . 
i recently had my wedding at the omni hotel in chicago and i was more than pleased . the decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one , i was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once i met with the staff at the omni i was certain that it was the way to go . the staff was so attentive and friendly , and i felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel . i highly recommend the omni hotel in chicago , brides will not be dissapointed ! 
booked a room online and got a great rate under N which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in chicago in this nice location , N blocks i think from the water . even though our rate was so cheap , the service was wonderful , the front desk were polite cheerful , the doormen and valet were great and helpful , and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on , free of charge ! the fitness room was clean , large and provided fruit and clean towels , and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel . location of hotel is safe , and such a beautiful area . check the rates directly online of the hotel ' s website , as it was the least expensive . we will stay here again for sure . 
for a hotel that touts its luxury location in chicago the talbot is very poor ( think motel N at a hilton price ) . carpet is threadbare and the walls are paper thin . they are so worried about the mini-bar they constantly do these random room checks , so privacy and sleeping in are unheard of . for the prices they charge ( N . average price for two people ) . it seems like the money spent on remodeling the exquisite lobby , which was happening while i stayed , could have been better spent on better insulation and more up-to-date furnishings for the guest rooms . but i guess the talbot is more concerned with first impressions than they are returning guests , which i won ' t be . 
for a supposed N-star hotel , i was not very impressed at akk . the lobby was nice and modern-looking , but there were no bellhops outside to help with bags or open the doors ( we didn ' t arrive that late at night ) . additionally , when we walked into the hotel late one night , there was trash and flowers strewn on the lobby floor and , it seemed that there were always water bottles and glasses near the seating area as you walked in . where was the staff to clean up ? that ' s not a very welcoming sight . the rooms were nice and clean and provided a great view , but the actual location was farther than i would have preferred from michigan avenue , andi it was also a little too far south . area recommendations rush street was a lot of fun at night ! 
i had reservations to check into the chicago conrad . when we arrived my wife and i were told the hotel was oversold and that i would have to take a double room rather than a king . this was a special weekend for my wife and i so this was a big disappointment . we were offered a free dinner which we accepted . the restaurant was dark and the food was fairly good . the tub in the bathroom was clogged with hair and we had to call maintenance to repair . this took about an hour to resolve . overall we would not pick this hotel again . they should make sure all commitments are met and rooms are in excellent condition . we feel it was not a good value . 
we stayed in the conrad for N nights just before thanksgiving . we had a corner room overlooking n michigan av and the tribune building . to say this is a N star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful . the staff were unbelievably helpful . the standard of the room was superb - hd plasma screens , luxury bedlinens , ipod radio , huge bathroom . location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole light festival parade from the window . breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service . would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - N out of N . 
very disapointed in the service and quality of this hotel . i travel quite frequently to chicago and have never had this happen at any other N star hotel . i reserved a king bed . at checkin i was informed they were out of kings and basically offered no type of compensation or upgrade . when i arrived at the room the air conditioner door was open and rattled all night . the tv did not work . had to call for service . the following day returned from work at Npm and found the room had not even been serviced . stay somewhere else . 
if i didn ' t have to stay here , i wouldn ' t . without exception , i swear i am not lying , every day of my stay brings a new problem . over the past N months , i have stayed here N times for N nights at a time problems every time . from the wrong food with room service , to room keys that dont work , unrefreshed bath towels , forgotten and dirty in-room coffee service , unclean ice bucket overnight , forgotten room cleaning , inability to connect to the internet . . . . i ' m too tired to keep writing all the problems . for the price of this chi-chi downtown hotel , i expect more . finally , their team is certainly not trained in customer service . the front desk teams have attitudes , and aria ' s hostesses think they are something else . i ' m stuck using this hotel since it is adjoined to aon , but i would never go back if i had a choice . the only good thing is the food at aria - outstanding . 
we arrived and thought for N a night , it would be a decent place . good reviews , etc . . . we arrived to find that the website pictures were misleading . the hotel lounge was a ' room ' , it was really odd and very dark . the first night there i noticed that the blanket on the bed was nasty looking . resembled something you ' d find on a street . to top it all off we woke up after night N to find that bed bugs had attacked us . my husband and i were both bitten . i was bitten way more than my husband . my legs were covered with bites . i was on ointments and benadryl for over a week . i immediately came home and scalded all our clothes . there was also mold around the tub both inside it and on the floor by it . the bathroom floor was also curling up by the tub . the view in room N is of a roof . not good . the stay was very disappointing . the only good thing there is the free breakfast on every floor . 
just got back from a N day visit to chicago . for the rate of N per night , it was extremely good value . reception staff were efficient , courteous and very friendly . i was given a room on the top floor ( Nnd floor ) facing the lake and the john hancock tower . the rooms were large and very comfortable . housekeeping turn down service were efficient and thorough . bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily . this is definitely my first choice for a hotel in chicago . it is also very close to all the shops , restaurants and the subway . 
the reviews we read were a bit mixed , but i thought it was excellent . i ' ve stayed in the splendido , villa d ' este and others and it doesn ' t compare , but nor should it . it doesn ' t claim to be in that space . i expected it to be a notch off the four seasons and so it proved . a only a small notch too ! . lovely clean and bright room . superb views , very quiet , comfy bed etc . excellent service all round and nice staff . for the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed . couldn ' t really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the four seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience . we will go there again when in chicago . great location too . 
do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room , that was supposed to be ready , with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used ? what about when they left the towel for the floor ( the foot towel ) to dry my face ? what about the slippers that , although being still in the bag , had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage ( all over the room , de facto ) . i didn ' t realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her . shame on us , actually ! 
we stayed at this hotel for N nights in august . we waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open , this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two ' s . our room had a great view of navy pier and was a good size . the bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean . the location of the hotel is the best , we walked to navy pier and michigan ave . the breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two . would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again . 
my stay at the sofitel was great . i loved the location it was in . from the moment i arrived the experince was great , the attendants were helpful and the front desk was too . i thought the room was elegant and very clean as well as comfortable . the room service was excllent and they were very friendly . checkout was a breeze and i couldnt ask for anything more in a hotel stay . 
we stayed at the swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from aug N to N . i had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife . jaymes ballard , the concierge , made arrange for flowers , early check-in and we had a great room . our room was the Nrd floor with a view facing the city . room was large , everything looked like new , great bed , large bathroom with separate shower , great ammenities . a beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival . the hotel is about N mins from everything , not close but not far from anything . has a great restaurant , N patios outside where i had a cigar . a really nice pool and hot tub on the Nnd floor . i would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to jaymes for making our trip very special . 
we recently completed our second stay at the fairmont chicago . the check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure . that is fine when i am traveling on business , but on leisure trips i would appreciate a warmer greeting . the hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay , but other than seeing some signage attendees in the lobby , we wouldn ' t have noticed . this is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the N speedy elevators . we stayed in a parkview suite so we had a large room with a great view of millenium park . the anteroom was well appointed with a sofa , coffee table , desk , mini-bar with sink and coffee maker , and dining area . the bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard fairmont room , but maybe slightly larger . the bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard fairmont room , and once again , possibly slightly larger . the upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious , and several small touches such as a shoe shine station ( with extra collar tabs ) , are peppered throughout . we booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled . the hotel restaurant , aria , couldn ' t find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us . they had no problem seating us and the dinner ( both food and service ) was lovely . minor complaints the pillows could be better . i ' m not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit , but seriously , these things barely felt like pillows . i ' ll suffer through some congestion if i can get better neck support . also , the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car ( and charge you N ) . and as i mentioned above , the front desk experience could be improved . best feature after our first stay , i gave a brief review in the comments section of the fairmont president ' s club ( membership is free ) website . i received a phone call from the director of rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience . after this stay , i left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay , but still received a warm , friendly phone call from the director of rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay . kudos to the fairmont for taking its customers seriously , and for that , they ' ve won my loyalty . 
i had really high hopes for this hotel . the location seemed great and the prices were too . unfortunatley , you get what you pay for . despite being located near the miracle mile and navy pier , there weren ' t many other redeeming qualities . the staff was very rude . we arrived late after a long drive from detroit and found nobody in the lobby to help us check in . once we finally got checked in , our room hadn ' t been cleaned and there was trash left over from the last people . we were told the cleaning staff had gone home for the night and they couldn ' t get to it until morning ! we had planned on seeing some of chicago ' s attractions like the field museum but we could hardly find anyone to help us out with where to go . their website advertises lots of specials and packages but we found absolutely no way to purchase them . finally , when we checked out , they had charged our room an extra cleaning fee because the cleaning we requested on the first night . ridiculous ! 
stayed here in november N on a leisure trip to chicago . hotel is very dated , with some rooms that just aren ' t good enough . front desk staff was rude . will not be staying here again - prefer the swissotel and the hyatt properties ( regency is similarly priced , and park hyatt is Nx more ) and a list of boutique hotels in the area as well ( kimpton , etc ) . pros -the only hotel that opens onto michigan avenue , very close to all of the excitement -eno wine bar has a great selection of cheeses -rooms are clean cons -some hotel rooms just make no sense - our first room was tiny and had a window overlooking a ledge ( effectively no view ) , and our second room had two windows that looked out onto a brick wall ( actually no view ) -you have to pay for everything - internet , gym , and the pool ( which was not available due to renovation . . . ) -entire hotel was very old , not in a classical sense but in a ghost story one -front desk staff was rude 
my recent stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park was everything i desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in chicago . i loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a N inch flat screen television and ipod docking station . i appreciated the walking distance to all of chicago ' s premiere shopping areas . the concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations , while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service . the services i received at at myspa were some of the best in the world . dinner at aria restaurant was delicious . in short , fairmont chicago millennium park was the perfect luxury vacation , meeting all my needs and more ! 
we just got back from a trip to chicago for my Nth birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel ! service was excellent , especially the maid service . our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily . the front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff i have ever dealt with while travling . the location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores . i highly recommend affinia for a the perfect family vacation . 
 we just returned from a relaxing stay at the intercontinental in chicago . i have to say the service was phenomenal ! from the maid to the concierge and everyone in between , the staff treated us like royalty . it was quite the treat to feel so special . our room was gorgeous . the view of the city was breathtaking . the luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber . we found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean . my wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while i enjoyed the reliable wi-fi connection . during our stay we dinned in the zest . wow ! they offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options . we had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious . afterwards , my wife and i shared the chocolate lava cake , can i just say oh that cake is to die for ! really the best we ever had . in the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room . afterwards , a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge . overall , our stay at the intercontinental in chicago was nothing short of fabulous . this luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff . we are looking forward to staying at the intercontinental again , hopeful soon ! 
my husband and i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel towers in february . everything about the hotel and experience was superb . the location was wonderful as well . our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards navy pier . the best part of the stay was the ' sweet sleeper ' bed . it was so comfortable . the staff was friendly and helpful as well . nothing bad to say about this sheraton ! i will stay here again ! 
i travel to chicago quite often , and have stayed at a bunch of hotels . i stayed at conrad a couple of times . my impression was not too good . both times the receptionist was quite cold and i didn ' t feel welcome at all . the room was noisy . thin walls , and you could hear exactly what the next room is talking about . one time the tv was broken too , and a guy came in and took like an hour to fix it . . . anyway , given that this is a N . N star hotel , it really didnt live up to my expectations . after the Nst time at this hotel , i thought i might give it a second try . after the Nnd time , i decided i am really not coming back , especially given that there are so many other hotels close by . the other attendees of our conferences were also complaining about the hotel . so i guess i am not alone in this . . . 
i stayed at the hotel during the dave matthews caravan tour and would come home each night rather dusty dirty from being at an outdoor concert with N , N of my closest friends . i used half a bottle of shampoo the first night . the second night , the staff had not refreshed my bar soap or shampoo . i informed the front desk who made apologies and said they would take care of it immediately . i got home that night with a tiny tiny bar of soap ( hand soap ) for the bath shower and they had replaced the shampoo in its original place , nicely displayed , but with the exact same bottle of shampoo that was now N N full . yeah ! ! the hotel is in a great location to navy pier and michigan ave . . . . i ' ll grant them that . . . . but that ' s where their ' pros ' end . i ' d rather stay at a hampton inn . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
the intercontinental chicago is located in the heart of downtown chicago , illinois on north michigan avenue , the magnificent mile . this hotel is located within moments , not minutes , from the navy pier , millennium park , and magnificent mile shopping . the intercontinental chicago boasts a modern fitness center that feature free weights , a cardio room , dry saunas , as well as , masseurs . when business knocks at your door , the hotel has a N hour business center providing high-speed internet access , fax , and photocopying services . the accommodations at the intercontinental chicago are elegant with a touch of historic decor . the room had a breath-taking view of chicago , as well as , had an in-room mini-bar , terry-cloth bath robes , over-sized desks , high-speed internet access , and a N-inch hi def lcd television . not only was the overall quality of the property in stunning condition , the staff at the intercontinental chicago were welcoming , caring , and demonstrated a profound customer-service base . 
i have stayed at many hotels traveling for both business and pleasure and i can honestly stay that the james is tops . the service at the hotel is first class . the rooms are modern and very comfortable . the location is perfect within walking distance to all of the great sights and restaurants . highly recommend to both business travellers and couples . 
i have stayed at the james a few times , it is my go to hotel in chicago . this last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options . the good location is awesome , just off michigan ave , trader joe ' s across street for some healthier snacking . it is a great location , easy to walk most anywhere . the door staff are very friendly and helpful . the overall feeling is modern , upbeat . turn down service with cookie is nice . free wifi ( which worked to varying degrees throughout stay ) the bad they claim to be a N . N star hotel , which to me , means better then a N star and online with a N star ( without a pool ) . they used to have kiehls toiletries and now have ' harmony ' brand . additionally , they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you . it is what i would expect from holiday inn or my gym , but not a N . N star hotel . i asked about the switch ( mainly because when i booked they still had kiehls in website description ) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be ' green ' . that is hard to believe , as it ' s not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green ( they still have incandescent light bulbs , housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down , they don ' t recycle in room , etc ) . they are obviously trying to cut costs , and it shows . more the rooms are in need of some updating , they are looking somewhat tired . my third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front ( not their fault ) . don ' t take the stairs ( as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie ) , even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile . the phone staff was fairly rude ( granted , they didn ' t like me questioning their toiletry change ) . i feel bad giving such a low rating , but it really did not come close to my expectations ( from previous stays there ) . i will start trying out new hotels in the area . 
the room was big and luxurious , befitting the price tag ( N ) . bed was very comfortable . however , my bed was against the wall abutting the elevator shaft , and i heard the elevators running all night . also held a one-day conference there for N people . they stuck us in a long , narrow room that was cramped . also , the night before we had a pre-conference dinner at the palm restaurant in the hotel . service was so slow that some of our party left before entrees were served . and the steaks were only so-so , a far cry from my experience with other palms . 
after staying at the james chicago last weekend i can honestly say i will be going for affordability on my next trip . the james chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected . the chairs in the room looked like something out of ikea . i love chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay . i believe i would have been better off and happier staying at the holiday inn . you don ' t always get what you pay for . 
i stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the chicago bears fan convention ( feb N- march N ) . the hotel is beautiful . i had a towers room . i had a decent view of the city ( sears tower ) . the room was a little small but had two bathrooms ( N king bed ) . the tower room has it ' s own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast , evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day . the registration lounge is on the Nth floor and overlooks lake michigan . the hotel was full but service was excellent . the location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two ( especially toward the el train ) . we loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car . i will stay here again . hilton offered a sunday night free on their website with a N day stay . this made the cost reasonable ( for chicago ) . however , the pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired . the pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink . 
we had an issue with housekeeping and the hotel management did not handle it well . they were subject to a brief staff strike and did not inform guests and in fact failed to tell us about the strike and our room never was cleaned . after N calls and several hours we were able to get clean towels . overall service other than check in was poor for a reportedly N star hotel . 
stayed at fairmont chicago millennium park and it was not a good experience . the room had been cleaned in a haphazardly fashion and was not pleasant to walk into . when i called the service desk for more towels to be brought up into the room , it took an exceedingly long amount of time for them to be brought up , and the woman who delivered the towels was as rude as can be . will not be staying at fairmont chicago millennium park again . 
i had heard good things about the ambassador east and decided to stay there on vacation with my husband -- what a mistake ! first off , they charge for being able to use the internet , which should be a given these days , especially for how much you pay for the room . the ' champagne ' was cheap , i could have spent N to get my own bottle . the king room was just as small as a double room anyway . the bed was really hard , and crudely made . maybe there was someone new on the staff that didn ' t know how to make a bed , but besides that , the sheets were starched to military stiffness . it was so uncomfortable ! when i asked if we might get some new sheets , the staff were so incredibly rude and told me i was basically stuck with what i had because they ' re ' all that way ' . i was appalled ! anyway , we gave it a shot and stayed there that night , in the mediocre luster of the room design . we didn ' t sleep well and didn ' t particularly enjoy ourselves , especially because apparently there was a wedding going on in the building because we could hear the party ! i mean , talk about the opposite of peaceful ! again , we tried appealing to the staff to have our room moved away from the party , but they said they couldn ' t move us because of the romance package . what a jip ! after the kind of ' fun ' we ' d had , we realized we couldn ' t handle anymore . we called for a manager the next morning and fought with him for a couple hours . we wanted to just cancel the second night of our stay , and he said he ' d do that , but that we ' d still be charged a percentage of it ! after telling him everything that had happened and how displeased we were , we finally got him to not charge us and left to go stay at another hotel that was actually relaxing . 
this is a great hotel ! from the doorman who greeted us as we arrived , to the young man at the reservation desk to the young woman serving complimentarily wine , everyone was very friendly and helpful . we were ' strangers but for a minute ! ' the room was extremely clean , well appointed and we had a pretty view of the chicago river , especially enjoyed from the large window seats . loved the purple polka-dot paper on the toilet paper roll ! hallways were large and quiet . the restaurant next door , south water kitchen is very nice too . the location is in walking distance of the theatres , parks , the river ( take a cruise ) , michigan ave . it ' s ideal . the only negative is that the concierges were not nearly as friendly or inviting as the rest of the staff nor were they very helpful . for a self-sufficient traveler , you wouldn ' t really need their services ( although it is nice ) but for someone coming to chicago for the first time , a concierge can be very helpful . i would definately stay at this hotel again and would recommend it . 
stayed for a week last month . can ' t beat the location - close to the magnificent mile , attractions , tours , great restaurants night life . have spent a lot of nights in other homewood suites hotels and other suite hotels . thought the room was ok , not great . overpriced in my opinion . found staff to be uninterested and not very helpful . had to wait in the lobby on the Nth floor for room to be ready and the front desk staff could care less . watched during the week as other guests were made to wait as well . breakfast was the same stuff day after day . as the week went on , they actually started to run out of the more popular food items and these were not replenished ( weekly delivery i guess ) . also , the room was was so busy that the staff made people wait for a table and treated you as you were waiting for a N star restaurant . travel for work ( sales ) and frequently stay in hotels . travel with family every year and also stay in hotels . this is roughing it for me . . . not a camper . would come to chicago again , but would not stay here . there are too many other options worth investigating . 
beautiful place with european charm . no complaints , great location , ( never like parking in chicago , though ) . it was N a night next door . large beautiful lobby , a touch of class . fantastic location for downtown , navy pier , and the great grant park ( millenium park , too ) . . . loved it . 
homewood suites is a hilton group hotel located in downtown chicago . though close to many sights , when we visited there was extensive construction going on along michigan avenue , so every morning we were awakened right at N am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers . we reserved the basic suite . though we arrived at N pm , well past check-in time , our room was not ready for N minutes . the management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience . once the suite was ready , it was nice . but then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom . we were relocated to another room with apologies , but again , no offer of compensation for the trouble . once we were finally settled , the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer . the food was okay , but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point . the staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service . we though it was a good idea since we were already so tired . unfortunately , it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected . all in all we were disappointed with our experience at homewood suites . we understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable . i would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting chicago . 
what a wonderful experience , super great , helpful , friendly staff . angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great . our room was beautiful . angie suggested we go to sullivans for dinner . . perfect choice , make the reservation for us . ( best seat in the house and a special dessert ) wow . . . above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before . . looking forward to staying there again again . thanks again 
just returned from the james hotel after staying at the park hyatt . i have stayed at most chicago hotels pennisula , four seasons , the ritz , fairmont etc . had heard a little about the james and the primehouse at the james . we paid more for the room at the james then at any of the above mentioned hotels . what a disappoitment ! the room we stayed in had N double beds . the toilet broke and overflowed , the tub didnt drain while showering and the huge bathroom door that was almost too heavy to close broke several times . the closet had no door but a curtain to close and no drawer space for clothes at all . the room was very small and non descript . much like staying at an ikea but without the color . windows to outside terribly dirty and the elevators dirty and small . the staff however was top notch and exceptionally helpful and friendly . the room had a huge N ' plasma tv that was nice . there is no way this hotel is N star yet . the room rate close to N . N a night was way of of line . we paid more here than any of the above mentioned hotels . the rate should have been about half of that . 
this was a great place to be ! great views of river and lake , walk to everything , a clean and comfortable room , and very accommodating staff . we arrived early and were checked in by N N am and checked out late , effectively adding two days to our vacation . it is a large hotel but the staff works hard and takes good care of the customers . 
we just got back from a great weekend in chicago and have no complaints about the palmer house . it ' s very easy to get to from o ' hare ( the blue line on the el train ) and then just a N block walk from the train station . the hotel itself is beautiful and the staff is super friendly and go out of their way to help . we booked an air hotel package deal on expedia . we expected to stay in a room with a full size bed but for only N extra per night we upgraded to the excutive level ! best decision of the trip . we had a beautiful room with a king bed , down comforter , robes , plush towels etc . . . it also included a nice continental breakfast each morning , all day snacks and beverages and a great happy hour ! we took advantage of this every day . the location was great . . lots of shopping along state st . and to get to the magnificent mile was a N cab ride or a N minute walk ! we ' ll be back to chicago and the palmer house ! 
my husband and i and our N month old took a quick trip to chicago . we stayed one night at the palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel . i guess i am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel . yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small i couldn ' t set up a pack and play for my son . i had to call and ' upgrade ' my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep . the lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a holiday inn . the wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty . i will never stay there again . 
having come to chicago with my three sisters for a relaxing weekend of shopping and spa days , the hotel allegro chicago filled every bit of my checklist . we arrived and immediately were checked in and shown to our rooms we both had the ' double double deluxe ' . the rooms were gorgeous , well taken care of , clean , comfortable , well decorated and luxurious . the hotel also has a spa which was perfect because we didn ' t even have to leave the hotel for our relaxing spa day . the hotel has great staff , they were always attentive to our needs . my favorite part was the complimentary tea and cofee - i am a coffee addict and getting my caffeine fix any time of every day was great ! stay at the hotel allegro chicago if you want great service from a relaxing and luxurious hotel in the heart of chicago ' s hustle and bustle ! 
our stay at the hilton chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure . the staff was super friendly and helpful , the room was very clean and the location was fantastic . the walking track was an especially nice touch . highly recommended ! 
stayed at the talbott for over a week and enjoyed our stay . room was a little noisy as we were next to the lift , but everything else made up for that . positives bed was very comfortable , great to have real shower , free internet , gym usage , staff ( all friendly ) and location . negative lift noise , lifts slow and restaurant ( there are so many great restaurants around - don ' t bother staying in ) would stay again ! 
no bell boys there when you need them , sully staff , no smiles at all in this place . had to wait N min for my luggage and was never greeted by any of the staff . boy , sure is a lousy fairmont compared to the one in sf . never here again ! 
my experience at the amalfi hotel in chicago was not very pleasant . when we first arrived at the hotel we were greeted by our ' experience designer ' who was not the friendliest of people . also , me and my husband tossed and turned all night on their very uncomfortable bed . for the price , i would have expected a more luxurious experience . 
the hotel is staffed by very nice but many inexperienced people . executive lounge has limited hours and no access outside of those hours . other areas similarly lack the level of service that is expected for this type of hotel . one of the individuals at the concierge desk twice gave us bad information about public transportation and the hours at one place . while the location is good , this particular hotel is simply not a good representation of what swissotel is supposed to be , and there are far better choices in chicago . it would not be my choice for a return stay . 
this is the best hotel to stay in when visiting chicago . i travel a lot , both for business and vacation . the talbott hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome , and elegant . not to mention all the modern features that i ' m used to having at home , are available in the room . i brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite . she didn ' t even want to leave the room . the concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner . 
i was recently a guest at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers and was immensely dissatisfied . i arrived to find that they had ' lost ' my reservation . they told me they were booked solid even though i had produced my copy of the reservation confirmation . after nearly an hour of arguing with the front desk clerk she finally asked for the hotel manager to step in . he was almost helpful . he searched the database and found that there was a ' cancellation ' however , it was not for the type of room i had reserved . i had asked for a suite as i was going to be staying in the hotel for several days . i was given a box with a bed in it . they made no apologies for losing my reservation and offered no alternate compensation . unfortunately , i was in town for a conference and everyone in the area was completely booked . i had no choice but to accept what they had offered . i begrudgingly accepted this with the intention of contacting the corporate office and posting my review here . do not stay in this hotel they will not help you with anything , even if it was their error . 
i booked a hotel room for N nights at this hotel through an online vendor . after booking the hotel room i contacted the hotel to request a room with N beds . i was told in N different conversations with hotel personnel that i would have a room with N double beds . when i arrived i was given a king sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my N guests . apparently the hotel management saw no problem with N people sleeping in N bed . the staff was completely unaccomodating . to add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with N beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . the customer service is well below what is acceptable . the location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting chicago . bottom line is do not stay at the millenium knickerbocker ! ! ! 
we recently stayed at the intercontinental hotel for a week . the hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great . we found all of the staff very helpful and prompt . we highly recommend the intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure . 
the ambassador east was a average hotel at best , and mediocre at worst . the bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff . the doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you . the room was lackluster , however . the bathroom was in especially bad shape . it was dirty when we arrived , with hair in the sink and shower . the shower was in really bad shape . the shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low . the water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit . the decor throughout the hotel ( lobby , hallways and rooms ) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned . i would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well . the business center with free internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use . the hotel ' s location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations . i would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions , but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms , i might be inclined to stay there again . . . . read more 
when we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light didn ' t come on when we flipped the switch upon entering . the room was not very clean at all . dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it , on the window sill and stains on the carpet . we had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night . the mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night . the jacuzzi was out of order also . when asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available . 
check-in was fast , the room was perfect , and there were no problems . this is a standard big-city business hotel with every amenity imaginable . i got a very good deal for a one-night stay , but they made the money back from the exorbitant parking rate and the absurd access fee for wireless internet . if you are bored of the routine hotel fare , walk two blocks to gourmet pantry ( N n . michigan ) for a refreshing change . 
i had to go down to chicago one weekend for the graduation ceremony of my cousin . it was a sudden trip and i didn ' t even have the time to book a hotel before hand . when i showed up in chicago and asked my taxi driver to take me to the nearest good hotel , he took me to omni chicago hotel . i was impressed with how clean it was and they didn ' t have a problem with getting me a room even though i didn ' t have a reservation . the staff was friendly to me the entire time i was in the hotel , which was just a short two nights , and the cleaning service was top notch . 
my stay at the the james was perfect . my room was thoughtfully designed the lighting , the storage space , the bar area , the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at . the staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating . the restaurant ( primehouse ) echoed the above . great service and one of the best steaks i ' ve had in a very long time . 
i was genuinely surprised by my stay at this hotel . the walls were paper thin , and i could hear conversations in the next room . this is not something i would have expected from a higher class of hotel . the room was also smaller than i would have expected for the price . we were given minimal toiletries and towels in the guest room , something which made it difficult for two people to get ready in the morning . we requested new towels , but it took an entire day for them to get around to fulfilling our request . the check-in process was frustrating , mostly due to the unhappy clerk behind the counter . i don ' t know if she was having a bad day , or just happens to be in such a mood all the time , but either way , it was unpleasant and a pain to deal with . overall , not a pleasant experience . i think next time , we ' ll choose another hotel to stay at when visiting chicago . 
i stayed two nights at the hilton chicago . that was the last time i will be staying there . when i arrived , i could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking . they wanted at least N . what am i paying for when i stay there for the night ? the website also touted the clean linens . the room was clean and i believe the linens were clean . the problem was with all of the down pillows etc . don ' t they know that people have allergies ? i also later found out that this hotel allows pets . i think that this was another part of my symptoms . if you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks i suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay . i did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking . beware hidden costs . i will try somewhere else in the future . not worth the money or the sneezing all night . 
the chicago hilton is a great hotel our stay there was fantastic . the hotel is placed in the heart of the city were you can find it a easy walk to almost everything from the local colleges to the great restaurant that surround the city . the room itself was clean and the staff was fun and helpful . i can ' t really say anything bad about this place it was a great time and a great place to stay while we were there . 
this hotel was very poor with customer service . they were so worried about keeping everything up to date and perfect looking in the hotel they rarely worried about their customers , and their guests . i had to ask for my room to be serviced for cleaning , and it took a long time to get a response . very disappointed . 
just returned from a one night stay at the knickerbocker , and i will not return . it came nowhere near being worth the price i paid . hotel burnham is twice the hotel at half the price ! the bathroom was unbelieveably small and smelled terribly . we had to call the front desk twice before towels that we requested were delivered ( which frankly may as well have been paper towels , nothing plush about them at all ) . we didn ' t have enough pillows and when we requested an extra it was never delivered . room service cart was left outside our door all night . all in all , it was a very disappointing stay . the only redeeming quality of this hotel seems to be its location . and for me , it ' s just not worth it . 
my initial thought of the hotel was , this place is just ok , i didnt look up any reviews as i was staying there with N other friends . i was truly impressed from ceiling to floor with the room . views were good , its just the surrounding buildings unless your towards the front where the river is located . i ' m crazy about huge bathrooms and this one is huge . i love all the space they have . flat tv , traditional seating and i admired the fabric-based headboards . those are very nice ! walking distance to restaurants were convenient . i ' m a highly frequent traveler to chicago almost N years now and always stay with relatives . in any event , i ' d recommend staying at the monaco again ! 
staying at the swissotel in downtown chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience . not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions , but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal . there are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food . the rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find . finally , the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance . overall i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel . 
my husband and i stayed here at the hard rock hotel in chicago a few months back . i wasn ' t particularly impressed with their customer service . when we arrived to check in , the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly . she was short with me when i asked her about the city ' s attractions and things to do . our room wasn ' t all that great either . it was rather small and had a weird smell to it . i won ' t be staying here again . 
we reserved a room with a sleeper couch a few weeks before our stay . after checking in and unpacking , we discovered that the sleeper sofa had been removed ( supposedly during renovation ) . the front desk clerk and bellman never mentioned that there was no sleeper sofa even though they saw all N of us check into the room . colleen , one of the managers , was argumentative and did nothing to resolve the problem . we ended up having one of our children sleep on the couch and the other slept on an antiquated rollaway bed . we never spoke to the general manager who was conveniently ' absent from the hotel ' during most of our stay . we stayed here on more than one occasion over the past decade and had never encountered such incompetence . we had to make several phone calls to receive a miserly discount and we never received an apology . the lack of training of the staff was clearly evident , as was the cavalier attitude of the management . 
the hotel monaco chicago was a great hotel . the rooms were very nice , great customer service . every member of the staff was extremely nice . i liked that it was pet friendly , and you couldn ' t even tell they allowed pets . very clean . prompt service when requested , and the food was very tasty ! an a in my book , the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel . very immaculate . will definitely stay there again the next time i visit chicago . 
best hotel in an excellent location i stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a business purpose . my N year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room . the front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . the room service was also good . the room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . i like the decor of the room . the french restaurant in sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . i will surely prefer to stay in sofitel on a next time travel to chicago . 
i went to stay at this hotel last year . i have got to say it was a great authentic experience , the dining restaurant was clean and fantastic the rooms were very comfortable with a friendly staff . its location couldn ' t be more perfect so close you can walk to do some shopping . looking at it from the outside at night is very beautiful . it is very affordable . i recommend this place to anyone and plan on staying again the next time i come to town . 
the sofitel chicago water tower was horrible . the first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was ok to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn ' t even have a record of our reservation . after much inappropriate arguing , they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine . when we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or tv . it took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably . the next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in . a quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount . we finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel , the fancypants hotel and suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club . overall , the service at the sofitel was rude , rooms were unsatisfactory , restaurant sub-par , not well kept up or clean . in the future i would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record , like the fancypants hotel and suits , my personal favorite . 
going to the internet retailer N at the last minute and this was the only hotel left available with shuttle services . first of all , from reading other reviews , now i know i got ripped N a night when priceline folks are sniping these rooms for N ( albiet , i got free wifi ) . the hotel is nice but it can only get so nice for an oldie . . . no matter how much money you dump into it . shower head was really low ( i ' m N ' N ' ) , water pressure was low . it is in a decent part of town with a hype bar close by ( check out reviews on yelp ! ) for some off reason i ended up with two double beds ( they asked me a few times if i was traveling alone ) . if traveling here N - make sure you get a better deal than i did N - confirm your exact needs with reservation over the phone and in person N - don ' t have super high hopes my room was neither up to par as a business class ( although the Nnd floor is called the executive floor ) nor was it a good fit for the romantic couple . . . it wasnt even spacious enough for those last minute get awayers ( sp ? ) trying to save money . 
i was attending a conference at the mariott . they were booked up and i shared a room at the hard rock for a week by default . what a lucky break . this is a beautiful hotel . i am not a fan of all that black grey vibe and find it a little cheesy . what i loved was the way the hard rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact , and decorated around the basic stucture . my room was clean , clean , clean . i want to comment on the staff . what an upbeat group of people . this included the doormen , the front desk , the consierge . they were wonderful ! every morning one of the bell men would find my tv morning news show for me in the bar , while i drank their courtesy coffee . they brought us a refrigerator , ipod dock , and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in . i had a hard time contacting the airport transport . the consierge took care of it for me . while i was waiting for the N N am airport shuttle , one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back . i just couldn ' t get over how nice and friendly everyone was . . . . great place to stay . i hope to go back with my husband . 
the knickerbocker hotel was one of my favorite hotels to visit . my wife and i utilized the park play package , which gave us an amazing room , complimentary valet service , and a great kit to plan our weekend around . it was well worth the price and we both wish to go back again . the rooms were top notch and the hotel ' s staff was excellent . one of the employees , craig , helped us find our way around the city and this shows the knickerbocker really cares about its guests . we loved our visit and are sure you will too . a 
while staying at the swissotel chicago i experienced some of the worst customer service i have at any hotel . the front desk was extremely rude while checking out , and even seemed to try to hurry us out . the fitness center was always packed and i was never able to get on any of the machines , as was the pool area . while eating at the restaurant , i felt it was a very overpriced meal , but it was very elegant looking . the last issue i had with the hotel was the valet parking , it took them awhile to get my car , and they actually pulled the wrong car around . it was another N minutes while i waited for them to sort the issue out . the worst part by far was the customer service , and although the hotel looked nice , it wasn ' t worth the stay with the way i felt i was treated based on the money i was spending . next time we are in chicago , we will be staying somewhere else ! 
after reading the trip advisor reviews , i was expecting an exceptional stay . i was not impressed overall . the concierge , the view , and the hotel resturant were the highlights . the bed , although not horrible , was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home , and i do not consider myself and extremely fussy person . i was traveling for business , and although not dressed in formalwear , was also not dressed down , but all in all , it felt a bit pretentious to me . there are better options for the money , and would gladly stay at the sutton place , sheraton towers , or trump for the similar price and better stay . i would ask trip advisor to move it down in the ratings . . . . . . not N in chicago , in my book . 
we stayed at the james hotel for a Nth birthday . the location was excellent for shopping and restaurants , but also very loud . the room was horrible . very small . we had a double double and it was the size of a college dorm room , plus completely white walls and linens . absolutely no color except for one accent pillow . it was very sterile and uninviting . we were on the Nth floor and the lobby for the elevator was dark and done in red and balck with minimal lighting . it looked like the entrance to hell , if not a haunted house . staff was very nice and accomodating . i would not return to this hotel . 
my stay at the homewood suites in downtown chicago was without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences in my live . i was there for a week long conference . although my reservations had been made months in advance , they did not have a suite for me when i arrived , resulting in having to stay in another hotel for the first night . once my room was ready , i was disappointed by the cleanliness and the limitation of the kitchen barely large enough to move around , and very few utensils to cook with . the pool was only open for limited hours , and i should not have bothered bringing a swimsuit . at night i was kept awake by the noise coming from adjacent rooms and the traffic outside . my overall experience was a stay in an overpriced suite . i will not book here ever again . 
my friend and i visited amalfi hotel last week when we were in chicago and found it to be a great place , very sophisticated and luxurious , with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service . the beds were comfortable . the room service was great as was the gym . . . i fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room . . . so beautiful at night . . . the city scape . and in the morning , the free continental breakfast was delicious . it was a wonderful experience being at the amalfi hotel in chicago . i am eager to visit there again . 
we travel to chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the hilton chicago . we booked a priceline room on the weekend of the half marathon . the place was busy , but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest . the room was nice and just what we expected . the pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel . the location was great as we were taking in the bears Ners game on a thursday night and a sox game on a friiday night . we would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others . great quality even at the regular room price . 
overall the hotel is very nice . the rooms are spacious and well-appointed , but they tend to be aging or dated . my bathroom was particularly below average , with old wallpaper and a dingy tub with a crummy showerhead . the toilet paper roll holder was pulling out of the wall and its screws were exposed . the conceirge recommended an expensive and mediocre restaurant . i hate it when they do that- it makes me suspect they ' re getting kickbacks from places that otherwise don ' t get enough business on their own . breakfast was very good . it ' s a relatively large european-style spread . 
went there for business and the hard rock hotel on wacker drive was recommended . i was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived N hour before me . when she go there at Npm , the room wasn ' t ready , the phone didn ' t work , the shower didn ' t work . when i got there she was already very upset . i called the manager to complain , but was put on hold for N min . i could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn ' t any wall separating us . i asked for a wake up call , but nobody called me the next morning . when i called to complain the next day , the told me the phone system was down . ordered room service and got the wrong order . . . the building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath . . . i would not recommend it to anyone patrick 
the swissotel chicago was by far the best hotel i have ever stayed at in chicago . it was clean , modern , and the staff were very friendly , even to our large family with cranky kids at a very late hour . the room was fantastic and you can not beat it for the price . not only was the room fantastic , but so was the view . our room looked out over the skyline and it was breathtaking , especially at night . the best part of the hotel was its location . it was located within walking distance to so many fun attractions , including navy pier and the sears tower . our stay was wonderful , and we can ' t wait to go back again . 
the best service ! ! ! the staff here was incredible . you never had to lift a finger . the room was huge as hotel rooms go . the view was phenomenal . location great . what a great weekend . we did stop for a drink at the palm restaurant and unfortunately , it closes at N p . m . too bad ! ! ! the lobby lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the palm . 
i recently stayed in a room at the trendy talbott hotel . it looked nice on the outside so i decided to them a whirl . as soon as i walked in i noticed that there weren ' t alot of hotel employees . usually , the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand . i was tired and i needed a nice room so as i approached the front desk i noticed something odd . food was sitting out right in front of the front desk . people were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush . crumbs everywhere especially where i was suppose to exchange cash and room keys . let ' s just say it wasn ' t professional . the room was average and the bathroom didn ' t carry the kinds of brands i would have liked to see . no wi-fi connection and i had to walk down the hall for ice . talk about lack of customer service . all in all , the stay was sub-par and nothing special . 
i stayed at the monaco-chicago back in april . i was in town on business , and the hotel was recommended by a friend of mine . having spent a weekend there , i have no idea what my friend was talking about . the complimentary morning coffee was weak the fitness room was dimly lit and i thought i ' d have to have my clothes mailed back to me when i used their supposed ' overnight ' laundry service for a suit i spilled some wine on . my room was adequate , but nowhere near what i ' ve seen elsewhere at this price point . recent renovation must be slang for ' everything is stiff and smells of industrial adhesive . ' the mattress in my room was incredibly firm , and i slept poorly . when i travel , i expect an experience similar to or better than my experience at home . at most hotels , i receive excellent service and comfortable accomodations . this was an exception to my usual , and i won ' t be back anytime soon . 
staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute , budget valentines weekend trip for my husband and me . we got a great rate -- N -- on priceline . close to the subway ( red line ) and we got from o ' hare to the hotel in less than an hour for N . N for both of us . we were able to check in more than N hours early . room was great -- very clean , good closet space and fantastic bedding . had one expensive drink at the irish bar , but the bartender ' s advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price . concierge was helpful , too . overall , service was terrific , room was great and staying there was a treat . i would stay there again any time , especially at that price . 
we travel to chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown . we were excited to try the swissotel , but left disappointed . the actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views , the staff was extremely rude . the man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call . he then did not say more than five words , which were ' i need a credit card ' . the lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy . the hotel information said it closed at Nam so we came back to hotel at Nam for a ' night cap ' , that was last call . that was fine for us , but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a ' night cap ' but did not make last call . our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees . there are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer , no need to stay at the swissotel again . definitely don ' t stay if you ' re looking for a romantic weekend away , the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door . 
great hotel in heart of chicago for business or pleasure . rooms are recently upgraded and very modern and large . flat screen tvs , marble baths , all rooms are suites , great desk , kitchenette , comfortable bed , free wireless internet . . . everything you could ask for . location is easy walk to magnificient mile and lots of great restaurants . staff is friendly and helpful . short cab ride to loop . 
we stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend ' s wedding . the price was about N to N of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area . first the minuses . N . ) the standard rooms are small . if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade . N . ) since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted . N . ) there really are no views from the hotel . now the plusses . N . ) the shower is awesome . probably one of the best hotel showers i ' ve seen . rain shower with wand , great pressure and the enclosure didn ' t leak like a lot of these shower stalls do . very nice . N . ) the fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch . very modern and clean . N . ) the bed was great . better than some hotels that promote their beds . great nights sleep . overall . this is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room . if you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work . anyone else should really like the experience . all i care about when i travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day . if you are the same this is a good spot for you . 
my wife and i decided to stay at the amalfi while we visited friends in chicago we will not stay here again nor would we recommend this ' luxury ' hotel to any of our friends . amalfi claims that your stay begins with a ' warm greeting , ' but we received the exact opposite . the front desk clerk was rude , sighed and rolled her eyes anytime we asked her a question , and became agitated when asked for a pet friendly room . apparently there was extra work for her since we had to change our reservations and add our dog , who we had to bring at the last minute . the room on the pet floor was alright , nothing spectacular , and unfortunately had a slight scent of covered-up dog urine . we proceeded to dinner at keefer ' s restaurant and had to wait an additional N minutes past our reservation time . i have my suspicions we were segregated upon because of our casual attire opposed to the elegant environment that was prominent throughout the restaurant . the next day , i could not get the wireless in the room to work correctly , and had to finish some work at our friend ' s house . my wife had called for some extra towels and pillows , which took about half an hour to receive . she also ordered breakfast because breakfast in bed was her favorite- until the eggs that showed up had a long black hair in them . we were set to stay for N days , but only managed to stay N . we will not be staying here again . 
the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic , i will rate them a N out of N . they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful . 
i decided to book at the amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on ta . i was blown away by the reviews for the amalfi on ta and decided to check it out . i was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and i was not disappointed . i asked to be put in a quiet room because i was having an interview the next day . the room was very quiet and in a great location , but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and i could hear people running on the treadmill during the day . however , it quieted down at night and i could not hear anything . the rooms were enormous for chicago and i was pleased ! ! ! the hotel provided free breakfast which was good , free internet , and free gym access . the hotel is only a few blocks from the magnificient mile and i walked there everyday to do shopping . i have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly . i wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was . all in all , i plan to stay at the amalfi anytime i visit chicago in the future . 
whilst no doubt being in a good location this hotel falls short in other areas . most notably is cleanliness , as although the lobby was very clean , the corridors of my floor as well as the room was not . dust lined the carpeted floor for the hallways , and in the room the the bed emitted an unpleasant odor as if the sheets had not been changed in some time . the furnishings were nice and modern , but with various blemishes upon close inspection . bathroom was relatively clean , with the exception of the shower . view was nice for this particular room , and service was relatively quick . the food in the restaurant was average but again cleanliness was an issue . this time with the glasses which were stained , the waiter promptly apologized and returned with new glasses but this is still inexcusable in what is advertised as a high class hotel . i will not make the mistake of staying here again . 
this might be a classy looking hotel in downtown chicago , and while the location is not bad , the rooms are definitely hit or miss . they range from the super basic ' affordable ' room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford . with so many different room options , it ' s no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past N N pm . the hotel has a decent pool , but the health club is extra per day , as are many other services at the hotel . you ' d imagine that for the price of a stay here ( N up to multiple hundreds ) that more things would be included ! additionally , the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful . i really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here . if i were to return to chicago again , i ' d definitely try out staying somewhere else . 
whenever i decided to stay at fairmont chicago millennium park , the only thing that i had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband . however , the hotel choice wasn ' t the best . right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation . the room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room , which was much smaller than the original one . the hotel did give us a discount , but if i ' d paid for the large room was because i wanted the it . a hotel with this name shouldn ' t put its guests in these kind of situation . i wont be reserving room there again . 
my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium hotel was a short one although , it was intended to be for five days , it only last two . when me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our mercedez . the clerk concierge was on his phone for nearly N full minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him . when we checked in , we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it . we then returned to lobby , and to our dismay , the hotel had double booked the room ! after another N minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a ' better ' room . the bed was unbearable , the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes ( although it was supposedly a non-smoking room ) . too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep . however , it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room . i needed an ambien to go to sleep . i woke up with backaches , the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day , and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room . me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the hyatt . 
the downtown chicago hilton was the best combination of all the things we were looking for in a hotel- perfect location for both those of us who like shopping and those of us who prefer tourist attractions . staying with a hilton means the essentials are never a concern- as always , the room was clean and impeccably neat , the staff friendly and very capable . the wireless access and big flat screen tv were an added plus too ! best of all , it is a pet-friendly hotel , something that is unusual in bigger city N-diamond hotels . thanks , chicago hilton , for a great stay ! 
i usually stay at the hotel monaco but stayed at the allegro because most the monaco was booked . while the allegro is similar to the monaco in it ' s decor ( less traditional and more funky interior ) it is not nearly as nice . the linens are not as high quality as the monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice . the rooms are also smaller . the main reason i would not recommend the hotel though , is the bathroom . it has an old tiled floor , with an old sink , and old toilet . it reminds me of something you would find in a men ' s locker room . although the allegro has installed a nice mirror , it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance . also , the layout of the bathroom is terrible . the toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet . also , the room is not very clean as well . the floor in my room was dirty and i found crumbs in the drawers . i would recommend staying at the monaco , hard rock , or soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice . 
my friends and i were in chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood . well we came across the hotel allegro and immediately fell in love ! everything from the colors , the staff , the architecture , and the pricing were amazing ! we couldn ' t have found a better hotel . the service was impeccable . . talk about a N star hotel for someone with a N star budget ! my friends and i plan on staying here next year when we return . . i can ' t wait until then ! 
i loved the ambassador ! what a great hotel . it ' s really beautiful , and the room was absolutely striking , very classic and elegant . everything was done really well the staff treated me like a regular . this is a top-notch hotel , the best place i ' ve stayed in a long time . my only complaint is that i wish it was on the mile , but that ' s it . 
staff was very courteous . desk clerk gave only one coupon for the free breakfast instead of two . second desk clerk gave the wrong time for the breakfast on the second day , causing us to miss the free period . room was very clean , with a nice view of the river . bed was very comfortable . toilet looked like it belonged in a public restroom ( no tank instead it had a stainless steel valve ) instead of a N-star hotel . no dresser to store clothes . no wastebasket in the room , and there was a cover for the icebucket , but no icebucket . folding luggage stand had a broken strap . location was good , close to the river . several american-style eating places nearby . overall , a disappointment for a four-star hotel . i expected more for a hyatt regency . 
after leaving some important documents in the room , i called and asked for the lost and found department . . . seven times over the course of a week . eventually i had enough and asked for a manager and was put on hold then disconnected . finally , a deceivingly friendly operator promised me she would have someone call me back in a few minutes , it never happened . so avoid this place because after they rip you off once they ' ll keep doing it later . they cannot be trusted at their word 
i got a sunday night stay for only N off of priceline . com , so it would be hard to complain . . . but this was truly a great hotel , even if i paid double . the first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the hyatt regency chicago is wow . the lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant , plenty of couches , seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains . you take the escalator to the concierge directory check in area . the hotel let me check in at Npm ( i had a Npm check in time ) . i suggest you call ahead like i did so they know you are coming early . the women at the desk was friendly and when i requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me ' i have a room on the Nth floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view ' . i thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that i wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall . the rooms are big ( i had a doubles room ) the beds were beautiful with great pillows , blankets , headboards etc . an ipod alarm clock was a nice Nst century touch to the room . great to plug in your ipod , listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring chicago . the view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries . another great feature is the concierge area ' s computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport . you simply look at the screen , click on your airline icon and following the instructions . i had my boarding passes in about a minute . came in handy when i got to ohare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers . i was only in the hotel for N day , but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences i have had and i travel alot . it is a business hotel , but definitely a great choice for families and couples . definitely would stay here again when im passing through chicago . 
wow ! ! where do i start ? booked this hotel through hotels . com for less than i paid for the travellodge downtown . check in was a breeze , the entire staff was friendly and helpful . our room was huge . the king bed was very comfortable . our room also had N nightstands , N chairs with a small table , a desk , and walk-in closet . even with all the furniture , the room was very spacious . the room did show some signs of wear , but i think this adds to the charm and the rich history of this hotel . the hotel is located in a neighborhood , so it felt like we were staying in a condo or a home rather than a hotel . there is very little noise , however , you are only about N blocks from rush and division streets , with all the nightlife , and the red line at clark and division is only N blocks away . we decided to walk to michigan ave and the next thing we knew , we were at the hancock building . by staying here , you are away from the noise , but not away from the action . had breakfast at the pump room , which is a story in itself . we had our photo taken in booth N . take some time and research who has sat in this booth . it is impressive . some N photos of celebrity guests adorn the walls of the pump room . didn ' t have a chance to have dinner here , but i will return for dinner someday . breakfast was not anything fancy , and a bit pricy , but the history and experience was worth it in my opinion . the waitstaff was friendly as was everyone who worked at this hotel was . i can ' t wait to return here ! 
the location of this hotel is excellent . the hotel itself is not a N star like they say - in my opinion . the room decor is horrible ( probably more european than i am used to ) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment . on the upside , if you want to stay in a great location , feel safe , and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work . i prefer westin or marriott . . . something that you can count on . 
don ' t let the website fool you . i stayed at the amalfi hotel chicago on my last business trip , and this was probably one of the worst N star hotel i ' ve ever stayed at . the website makes the place look like a N star hotel but it ' s more on par with a N stars or N , if you want to be generous . first off , the rooms are not as nice or clean as they look in the picture . the room that i checked into was dingy with paint peeling from the walls , and the carpet looked like it hadn ' t been vacuumed since god knows when . since i was only staying one night , i decided not to ask for a different room- although i don ' t know if asking for a different room would ' ve made any difference considering the lack of hospitality from the reception desk . when i arrived , there were two receptionists chatting it up- no acknowledgement , no prompt service . i had to wait about N minutes although i was the only one in line before any of them acknowledged me . and no , they weren ' t talking about hotel matters . i ' m not a difficult or an especially picky person , and who doesn ' t chat during work with their co-workers but for them to completely ignore and make a client wait for N minutes shows serious lack of professionalism . do yourself a favor , and go stay at the marriott if you want service- unless the price is tempting but you get what you pay for . 
i ' ve never written a review before , but i just had to share my experience with chicago ' s intercontinental hotel . i booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife ' s birthday . we ' ve never stayed at a luxury hotel before and i thought this would be a great experience for us . the horrors started when we first got to the counter . the clerk mixed up our rooms and when i pointed this out he got really snooty with me . we get to our room and the maid hadn ' t cleaned it yet ! we had to wait around for that , so we went to the hotel ' s restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced . finally our room is finished and the the ' view ' we were promised was non-existent . to top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning . the toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain . a stain ! on the sheets . what a waste of money . i pointed this out the concierge and we weren ' t even offered a refund or discount . never again . 
when my new fiance told me about his business trip to chicago i was quite annoyed . mostly because he insisted i come along . he made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend , with this wonderful hotel . his mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of N . she loved it . . and so did i ! i was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend , but the decor , wonderful staff and massages made up for it ! i spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and couldn ' t have asked for a better experience ! i am definately coming along on the next business trip ! 
the rates at the talbott hotel were cheaper than i had expected , and that was my reason for booking a room . i had been prepared for service and a room similar to what i had experienced in the past , and i was quite pleased when i did stay . the room was neat and clean , and the halls were quiet at night . the traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either . i did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely , which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy , especially at night . overall i had no problems with the talbott hotel and i would stay at this here again if i were in the area a second time . 
this fantastic hotel has it all luxury , an excellent location and a fun atmosphere . the rooms are spacious and well decorated , and the staff is always helpful and courteous . whether you ' re traveling for business or fun , i highly recommend the hard rock hotel in chicago . i stayed there with my wife recently , we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun . the hard rock certainly delivered what we were looking for . the hotel is in a central location , within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city , however , there ' s superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for , so there ' s barely a need to leave to hotel ! ( well , we did leave the hotel to see the sights , but you know what i mean ) . my wife and i particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities , including a relaxing massage . this hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way , and we ' ll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the windy city . 
do not stay at this hotel ! ! ! ! i would have certainly expected more from the hilton , especially due to the price i paid for my room and the way the hotel is portrayed . upon arriving at the hotel i found only one receptionist working and she was too busy texting on her mobile phone to check me in ! i had to wait N mins before checking in and she made me feel like i was inconveniencing her ! when i finally got into my room i was appalled . i had a non smoking reservation and the room stank of smoke and there were several visible cigarette burns in the comforter and the carpet . i called down to reception and to confirm that i was in a non smoking room , which i was advised that i was . i had to argue with the receptionist over the room for N mins before she agreed to switch my room for another one . one i entered my new room , i found that once again it stank of smoke , but after being too exhausted from my flight i decided that i would sort it out with reception in the morning . bad idea ! i curled up and went to sleep and awoke to the go to the bathroom around Nam where i noticed my legs were covered in red welts ! i immediately rushed back into the bedroom and through back the covers to find my bed teaming with bed bugs . i packed my stuff and checked out that night , however a refund was refused . i have since contacted the head office and i am awaiting a response . do not stay here ! ! ! 
i was really excited about staying at the amalfi after reading several reviews online . unfortunately , it was a very disappointing experience . when we arrived , we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold . so , we had to move to another hotel . amalfi did take care of the other hotel , cab fare , and after much negotiating . . . breakfast . we were traveling with N children and all of this was very inconvenient . instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned , we had to get up , pack up our suitcases , check out of the hotel , take a cab , check back into the amalfi , only then could we head to the museum . we were also told that our first night ' s stay would be refunded . well , more than N weeks and N phone calls later . . . there still hasn ' t been a refund . i can ' t even get a manager to call me back . the amalfi wasn ' t all bad , it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance . the coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers . however , it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended . one reason we picked the amalfi was that it had N queen beds instead of doubles , but they seemed really small for queens . our view from our room was of the alley . so , overall the best part of staying at the amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the Nnd floor . very disappointing indeed ! 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel for two nights and i must say the service they rendered was quite impressive . they had very attentive and friendly staff members . the room that i stayed in was spacious for me and my husband . their hotel restaurant served the most delicious steaks i have tasted , i ordered a classic fillet mignon and it was cooked to perfection . i would definitely stay at this hotel again if ever i come back to chicago and would absolutely highly recommend this to my friends and family . 
we were encouraged to stay at the affinia as part of a group in town for a chicago wedding . we booked our rooms N months in advance , with the promise of a brand-new , full service hotel in a great locaiton in chicago . the lobby was non-existant ( under construction ) . the front desk staff was incredibly rude and unhelpful . the hallways and elevators are small , cramped and uncomfortable . the rooms are great - great beds , great television set . no room service - the kitchen is under construction . the bottom line is that during our stay , this was not a full-service hotel and should not have charged what they did . we were totally disappointed , hope it will improve , but vow to never stay there and will recommend to anyone to check out one of chicago ' s truly amazing hotels . it is not worth the risk with this unproven dress rehearsal . 
even though the reviews of this hotel are very good , the only good thing about it is the location , which is excelent . aside from that , there are only N elevators , so there is always a wait to get in . they also seem to have insufficient staff so getting your luggage , room service , etc takes forever . even if you arrive in a cab , there is no space to load unload so you have to block the street while you arrive depart , the rooms seem a bit dated and in need of a refresh . all in all , there are much better options in chicago 
this is an absolutely exquisite hotel , at a great location , and boasting superb amenities . i was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on michigan ave . the hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk . i appreciated the homey , well-designed interior and views of the city . it was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so i didn ' t have to wander the city for my late night meal . this will definitely be my hotel of choice when i return to the city . 
the hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly , however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking . our air conditioning didn ' t seem to be working well , but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually . . . cool off . our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one a . m . that was a fax , it happened N times . by this time we realized that the air was not working again , so after fussing with the controls it did kick on . the next morning i mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone , but didn ' t think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working . after being out seeing the sites of chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . our room was N degrees , i called and maintenience did come to check . after determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out . i feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel . also was very surprised that wifi was not a free service ! ! we will not be staying at the hilton on our next trip to chicago . 
they rave about their beds but the beds were average . on surface room seemed clean , however , dropped my pen behind nightstand and discovered at least an inch of dust . it appeared there had been repairs to something where they had to cut away part of the wall . the repair job was covered up with a wallpaper board over the hole but the board did not even completely cover hole . impossible to have a decent shower or bath . extreme water saving devices on both the shower and tub provided basically a trickle of water . i was unable to get the shampoo out of my hair as pressure was so poor . also be prepared to be nickled and dimed to death . there was even a N charge if you used the coffeemaker in the room , really ! for room service they tack on a delivery charge and a N gratuity . since the waiter does not stay to serve you how is he earning a gratuity . i have already been charged for him to deliver the food . the parking fees were outrageous at N a night but to add insult they charge a hotel patron the same fees as the general public . upon packing to leave we realized that the dvd set my son had brought was missing . i reported the theft to the hotel . had to file a report with security who promised me they would investigate and get back to me within N days . it has now been over two weeks . no follow up , no apology even given . we will never stay at this hotel again . we have been to chicago many times and this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at . 
this place is a dump . i booked on priceline , because the last time i booked a priceline hotel in chicago , i got the westin and loved it . despite having paid for priceline , i ate the money i had already spent and called for a reservation at the westin and went there for the weekend , instead . i didn ' t regret it for a second . you will be disappointed if you stay at the millenium knickerbocker because you are paying for a holiday inn at the price of a westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more . the location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive . there are enough hotels near the loop ( and near a train bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively ) that you should not spend the money on the millenium . do not waste your time and stay here--this is a trap because of its location , but it ' s not worth it . really . 
i was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel , after hearing all the good things about it . unfortunately , it was a very underwhelming experience , to say the least . but let me begin with the things that i do like about the hotel . first off , it is located my favorite part of chicago - the leafy , affluent part of town that is chicago ' s equivalent of manhattan ' s upper east side , complete with sidewalks , quiet tree-lined streets , real old-school townhouses ( instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are Nst century condominiums ) , cute boutiques ( instead of gap , banana republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands ) and , of course , hermes of paris ( which warrants a separate mention ) . i also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches , cherry colored wooden furnitures , area rugs and distinct artwork . the very reason why i always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains . i definitely love the room . while the space issue is not as bad in chicago as it is in manhattan , getting a N-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task . so we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous , ample bathroom , double sink , massive king bed and still enough space to walk around , do a chicken dance , and strut my herve and louboutins in . my only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our Nth-floor room , but then again delaware st is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us , so can ' t have it all ! yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service , or lack thereof . i mean , seriously . they don ' t call it the ' hospitality ' industry for no reason . i did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so i do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that i would be getting from say , a N-room vegas hotel . first , i called in to reconfirm my reservation . the lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent . first off , she was not able to find my reservation and i was transferred to the front desk staff , to whom i had to explain myself all over again ( my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service ) . the person who manned the reception desk was not friendly , nor was he at all competent either . case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which i agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in , which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there . but the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about Nam . as a general rule , i am never , ever , a big fan of room service , having had my fair share of bad food that they slap N gratuity , N . N tax ( and still expect a tip ) on during my days globetrotting on the company ' s expense account . think overcooked steaks , lukewarm soup , bread hard enough to knock someone out , and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite . so i really wasn ' t expecting hotels as small as talbott to have a N-hour room service , but lo and behold , they do . i placed an order of chicken blt , which ( to my initial delight ) came in within N minutes . then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of N on top of the N service fee ( refer above ) i opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin , microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of lay ' s chips ( lightly salted flavor ) . the bread looked like someone stomped on it , the l and t looked like it was N days old , the b was unrecognizable , and the chicken was burnt and cold . it was pathetic room service at its finest . we did get the item taken off our bill ( rightfully so too ) but the front desk person was , instead of apologetic , defiant . the whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving , it ' s quite an accomplishment in and of itself . we won ' t be coming back , unfortunately . 
i chose to stay at the ' millennium knickerbocker hotel ' during a recent trip to chicago because i had heard they had good reviews . boy , were these reviews wrong ! ! i had terrible service from the moment i walked in the doors . i was not greeted by the receptionist , it was like i wasn ' t even there . my room was not ready for me when i got there , even though i got there after my required check-in time , then once i was allowed to go to my room , it was filthy ! it was as if they didn ' t even clean it , so i don ' t know what the hold up was . there were no towels , shampoo or soap in the bathroom . the worst part was that there were bugs in the tub ! the place was the most disgusting place i ' ve ever been to , and it is supposed to be one of the nicest ! it should be the nicest for the price they charge . i do not recommend staying here ! stay at your own risk ! ! 
worst high priced hotel i ' ve ever stayed at ! i had a business meeting in chicago and heard good reviews from a few co-workers thought it would be a nice place to stay but was a little upset with my experience with swissotel in chicago . front desk clerk was very rude at check in , valet parking was great until they brought my suv around front with a quarter size dent in the passenger size door , the hotel refused to pay for the damages . the room was very beautiful besides the faint mildew smell in the room . room service was great and very pleasing ! our business meeting took place in the st gallen room where our meeting took a little disruptive turn , there was construction going on during that time and was very hard to hear the announcer in our meeting . other than that the hotel was beautiful but the stay wasn ' t as great as i expected , you may want to book somewhere else if you have a business meeting to attend in chicago . 
my family stayed at the hotel monaco hotel in chicago from N-N september N . i have no complaints about the rooms but i do have to complain about the staff in general . when we checked in the lady at the desk was rude to my children , take it they were a little loud but it was daytime and she should have never spoke directly to my kids that way . the cleaning crew the next morning didn ' t even knock at our door before opening the door . my children were still sleeping and i was in the shower . thank god my husband was already at his conference . the hotel was beautiful but the staff makes for a horrible experience . louisiana resident . 
i stayed at the james in june , and i must say , it felt like i was in some ultra-swanky boutqiue hotel . from the uniforms of the staff . . which consists of a small j pin that they wear with nice suits and such , to the wonderful , comfortable beds , the james just makes you feel ultra-relaxed . the gym in the hotel was fantastic for a hotel gym , and the machines were all new and in fantastic condition . i really enjoyed the complimentary kiehl ' s products as well as the soft , cushy beds with futons . location-wise , it ' s just off michigan ave , and it ' s close to all the shops and restaurants . i ' d definitely stay here if i ' m ' ever back in chicago . 
i was lucky enough to get a ' N star ' hotel off of priceline for N - i was luckier that i got the knickerbocker ! from check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly . the rooms are small but cozy . after reading the reviews from other guests i was somewhat scared of what i would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel . i am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the ' N star ' rating . yes , the rooms and bathrooms were small , but what historic hotel in a big city isn ' t ? the decor and quality met my expectations . the lobby and bar were very inviting . overall , i would stay here again and again . 
i booked this hotel for N on hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night . totally blown away . arrived on a sunday night . gave car to valet ( N night ) . lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music . check-in was smooth and easy . i asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to Nrd party bookings . upgrade to suite was available at a cost . i passed since only N night stay . i asked for a nice , quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine . received room N-N . room was huge with N beds . felt like N square feet . newly renovated last year . bell hop told me some rooms are very small so i totally lucked out ! service from start to finish was top notch . everyone had a smile on their face . always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome . ordered room service at N N pm . arrived in N N hour . food was so-so . had pancakes in lockwood for breakfast . very good food and very good service . strong coffee . hotel is right on state street shopping . fyi - rooms on floors N and below were renovated last year . rest were done N years ago . for the price , it was a great bargain ! only complaint is bathroom is small . 
my wife and i had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the drake hotel . i have stayed at the drake before and while it is nice , it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price . we opted to walk across the street and stay at the millenium instead . i know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and i have to say they have done a great job . this place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to chicago on a college roadtrip ( i did ) . but that is not the case any more . this property is directly across from the drake hotel and for N N the price you get their great location with a newer ( albeit smaller ) room and every ammenity you would expect from a N hotel . the rooms are tastefully decorated ( asian influence w flat screen tv ) and the bed is very comfortable . the bath is small ( no tub ) , but very clean and the shower is great . you are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting chicago , so the room ' s size is not a big deal . ( it works well with a couple , but a family of four may be a bit cramped . ) the service was attentive and friendly and the location can ' t be beat . i would definitely stay here again , but the next time i would leave the car at home ( N night parking is a bit steep ) . 
my wife and i stayed two nights at the talbott at the end of february . this little hotel was the perfect place for us . the lobby is very small but also cozy , and with both fireplaces going it was a welcoming atmosphere coming in from the cold . the staff was very friendly and efficient . the room was pretty spacious , and the king bed was extremely comfortable . we had a seventh floor room facing delaware st , so there was really no view . the bathroom was a good size , including two sinks and a spacious tub shower . there was also free wireless internet . . . a big plus for us . perhaps the best thing about the talbott is the location . we were only a few steps from state , rush , and north michigan . tons of shopping , bars , and good food are easily within walking distance . this makes the talbott a great place for tourists who want to walk around and take everything in . we highly recommend the talbott , and will gladly stay again on return trips . 
hotel is located N N mile from the train station which is quite hike when you ' re traveling with luggage and or kids . they seem to cash in on guests who arrive in private car by charging exorbitant parking valet fees . rooms feature either double or king sized beds no queen beds at all . if you want a little extra leg room in your bed , the price jump from double- to king-sized is stiff . rooms with any kind of view pay a healthy surcharge , too . 
i have to admit , i was a little leery about visiting chicago due to my mild agoraphobia , but after a family member reserved a room at the hotel allegro chicago , my fears were slightly assuaged . a few friends of mine had stayed in this hotel before , and had nothing but positive things to say . with this new-found optimism in mind , i went forward on my journey in confidence . i have to say , i was not let down . from the moment i stepped into the lobby , i felt at home . the concierge called bellboys to move our luggage from the taxi to our rooms , and the check-in process was fast and efficient . the rooms themselves are incredibly homey , feeling less like a hotel room and more like the guest room at a millionaire ' s mansion . the high comfort level coupled with prompt service when requesting items such as extra pillows and towels , really helped alleviate my apprehensions about staying in chicago , and provided a secure place to stay at night , or whenever i did not feel like participating with the group . of course , the rooms are second only to the overall feel of the hotel . i found myself spending less of my downtime in my room and more of it wandering around the building . overall it ' s very cozy , and has a certain old-world feeling to it , once again lending to it feeling less like a hotel and more like a mansion at times . it was never overwhelmingly crowded , and the people i did encounter were incredibly friendly , yet not intrusive . i don ' t usually enjoy staying in hotels , but i love the allegro chicago ! 
i wouldn ' t know how to begin to write something negative about the millenium knickerbocker hotel in chicago . everything about this hotel is fantastic from the outside of the building to the hotel lobby all the way to the rooms . with very clean and plush rooms , this is the place to stay ! when you are not at the hotel eating at the elegant dining area or having a great breakfast first thing in the morning , there is plenty to do around the town . take a shopping spree down michigan ave or head to one of the museums or the pier to look around . whatever you decide to do , you can ' t go wrong . this place is wonderful ! 
last month , my husband and i stayed at the intercontinental chicago while we were in town for imts . although they were very busy , the service was excellent and very professional . the staff were always smiling and happy to help . intercontinental was conveniently located near michigan avenue , and the best stores and restaurants in town . the view from our room was great ! our room was always clean when we arrived home at night , it was decorated nicely , and the beds were extremely comfortable ! we ate at the hotel ' s restaurant zest , and the food was great ! it was by far one of the best hotels we have visited in a while . we will definitely be back ! 
i have heard friends talking about the hotel monaco in chicago and did have my doubts at first . however when i arrived there was amazed at the location ! it is near so many shopping places , museums , theatre , and many others places . was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long , however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire N day stay . fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day ! the staff at the place is amazing i even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people . one day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best i have ever had at a hotel . all and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room , good service , and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby , will be heading back to this hotel many times . 
the talbott hotel claims to be chicago ' s premiere small luxury hotel . after staying there and experiencing the service , environment , and the hotel in general , i can say with confidence that this just isn ' t true . i arrived with rather high expectations due to the claims made by the hotel and some of the reviews posted on their website and i was immediately disappointed . no one came to my car to collect my bags and i was forced to lug them inside myself . the doorman was polite but failed to even open the door for me , leaving me to fend for myself while trying to carry my bags . once inside , the atmosphere was not what i expected . the lighting was poor , leaving the lobby dark and it looked like a dingy setting with a glossy veneer in an attempt to hide the degenerate state of the building . the carpet looked dirty , as if it hadn ' t been vacuumed or washed in quite some time , and up in the corners where the walls met the ceilings there was visible water damage . when i arrived at the front desk , i was forced to wait over five minutes until someone came out to help me . after checking in i went up to my room and was once again disappointed . the bed was very uncomfortable and i ran the shower for ten minutes without ever receiving any hot water . that night i ordered room service . the food took N minutes to get to my room , and when it finally arrived it was cold . the fitness center had a very small selection of machines which caused long lines while waiting to use them . i would certainly not recommend this hotel to any of my friends , and probably not to my enemies either . stay away ! 
my visit to the conrad chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none . the lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style . the rooms are beautifully adorned . i especially like the flat screen tv and wired internet . i ' m never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast , reliable internet connectivity , and it ' s included at no additional charge . the view from the room was magnificent . . . downtown chicago at night ! the restaurant is spectacular but the terrace is the place to be when weather permits . you cannot get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods . don ' t forget to visit the health and fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment . the staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need . just ask ! this is the place to stay in chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury ! 
i thought the swissotel was a great hotel . the rooms were very spacious and clean , especially for downtown chicago standards . most importantly , the rooms were quiet . i never heard people in the hallways when i was trying to sleep . the only downside was that the beds were not anything special . sure , like all hotels in chicago , this hotel caters to wealthy and or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price . however , if you are aware of that prior to arrival , its not a big deal ( ie finding a different place to park the car , bringing our own snacks for the room ) . it would be nice though if hotels such as the swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use . staff was very helpful . bellmen instantly got cabs upon request , and the front desk was efficient and helpful . overall , if i can get a good rate again , i ' ll stay at the swissotel the next time i am in chicago . 
this hotel was wonderful ! i am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it ! pros the front desk and the staff ! ! ! -helpful knew great places to eat and how to get there breakfast pastries , coffee , tea , muffins , etc fresh drinks hors d ' oeuvres yummy ! ! rooms -clean -well decorated lots of people of different ages stayed there cons very very very far from the museums 
i stayed at the affnia hotel in chicago and was extremely unsatisfied . i would recommend everyone to avoid this hotel . i paid N overall for N nights in a cheap , small , untidy room . granted , i ' ve stayed at hotels of similar quality , but never have i paid so much for one of them ! i could not believe what i saw when i walked into the room . . . it was tiny and there was small patches of mold on the wall ( that had been painted over ) . the breakfast i ordered wasn ' t terrible , but certainly wasn ' t good . the wifi connection was horrendously slow . if you want to spend a big buck on a hotel , fine . . . just don ' t spend it here . 
i enjoyed a pleasant N night stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago , il . the hotel was beautiful , inside and out . i felt as if i was a celebrity staying there . the staff was especially kind and very professional . my husband and i have never felt more comfortable . i was very pleased that they had transportation for us , since we flew in to chicago for our anniversary . the shedd aquarium package was an excellent bonus . i highly recommend this hotel to everyone that ' s going to be visiting chicago ! 
i booked a room at the hyatt through priceline and was able to get a rate of N night ! can ' t go wrong with that ! the rooms are nice , spacious , clean and contain all the amenties a traveler would need . i have to say that i have fallen in love with the hyatt chain due to their customer service . i have stayed at a few of their hotels in different cities and the staff has always been extremely friendly , which you don ' t often see at other hotels . i used the self-check in machine , and the customer service person checked in on me to make sure everything was going smoothly . then , when she saw that my room was not on a high level , she offered to have it changed for me so that i could have a better view . i would highly recommend this hotel ! 
in the windy city , this is a very good place . amazing rooms and service . everything is a walking distance . an absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable . good decor and impishly modern 
at first my husband and i were really excited for our family to enjoy the t-rex experience package . we figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too ' ritzy ' for us to travel with our four children . but after two nights of downtown chicago fun we realized that the talbott transcends it ' s ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed . 
i was completely blown away by this hotel . it was magnificent . i got a great deal and i am so happy that i stayed here . before arriving i was nervous as i had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay , for example very noisy . however , whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant , it made no difference to me . my room was huge , bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure , bed was perfect and the view was amazing . hotel is so close to the great shops of magnificent mile , plus a comfortable walking distance to hancock tower and millennium park . 
our stay at the james in late last august exceeded our expectations . my husband was in chicago for a business trip , and i tagged along to have some time away from our day to day life . when we entered the hotel we were greeted acknowledged the minute we walked through the doors , and the staff member at the front desk was extremely friendly . he met our needs in a timely manner and patiently answered our questions . the lobby was clean and the ambiance was impressive . our room was also very clean . i could not have found a better room for those two nights of peace and quiet . the bed was comfortable , and the bedding was the type you could slip into and drift off in . it has been awhile since i have stayed at a hotel where the comforter was not scratchy or too thin . my husband actually commented that he had not seen me sleep that soundly in over a month . the bathroom was also impressive . the water pressure was not something i had to mess with to get perfect , and the heater took no time at all to warm up . even though i had brought my own shampoo and conditioner , i did give the amenities in the bathroom a try , and like everything else they exceeded my expectations . i did not get a chance to check out the conference rooms , however , my husband had nothing but great things to say about the qualities of the facilities . i truly enjoyed the location and ambiance of this hotel , and if we are ever in the chicago area again we will definitely be staying here . this hotel met all of our needs from relaxation to business to pleasure . 
grant it , this hotel seems very nice , but i was not at all pleased with my stay here . the customer service was horrible . i had to request more towels and washcloths several times before receiving them and my linen had not been replaced either . for as much as i paid to stay here , you ' d think the least you ' d get is an iron . not ! i had to request an iron , too ! in addition to all of the failed amenities , i was mistakenly charged twice for my stay and wasn ' t reimbursed until an entire week later . the next time i choose to visit chicago , swissotel will be the last place i think to stay . 
i arrived at the sofitel for a joint leisure and business . it is a fantastic hotel and made the trip very memorable . the rooms are spacious , great beds , pillows and linen . the bathroom has a great shower and bath . wifi works really well and the desk is large . the staff are wonderful . the location is great for shopping , spa ' s , starbucks and hairdressers . i loved every minute of it and would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it . 
after staying at the omni chicago hotel recently , i was nothing but disappointed . this ' luxury hotel ' obviously spends too much money on their marketing to convince people how luxurious they are and not enough on actually making their hotel comfortable . when i arrived , my hotel room was devoid of towels , and after calling down to the front desk , it took three hours and two more calls to finally get some fresh towels delivered . on top of that , when i went to connect to the internet in my room , the wifi signal was too weak and i was forced to go out into the hall to connect with my laptop ! for the exorbitant price they charged me for one night in their ' superior corner suite ' , i could have stayed a week at a holiday inn , and after this stay , i wish i had . 
my family booked five nitghts at the omni chicago for our upcoming spring break . we took advantage of a pre-paid , non-cancellable offer . we subsequently received a ' bed breakfast ' offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation ( same dates , different offer ) . we called the N ' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant , we simply hung up . we had been looking forward to our vacation , but now i am not sure i made the right choice with this hotel . i should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the ritz , the four seasons , and the peninsula would have never treated us this way . i will post again after our stay on april Nth . 
i only stayed at this hotel for one night , the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy . after the first long wait i started to time how long it took from the moment i pushed the button until the elevator arrived , never under N min . even late at night . i went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband . . . N margarita was N ! i wans ' t drinking because i ' m pregnant so i had a soda water for N . . . if i would have known i would have had tap water . overall . . . great rooms , ok staff , horrible elevators , overpriced drinks . 
as i walked into the hotel i was greeted warm heartedly . they took my information from me in an efficient manner and got me to my room quickly . i was very pleased to see that my bed was laid out perfectly and that there was plenty of towels in the bathroom . also , i was happy to see that the shampoo and soap provided was sufficient . overall , i was very happy with my stay at this hotel . 
this hotel was gorgeous ! i really enjoyed my stay here and will definitely be returning in the future . the staff was friendly , the room was clean , comfortable and very well decorated . the restaurant room service was also exceptional . the food was delicious and the room service was prompt . this hotel is also in a great location . it is close to everything anyone may need , such as shopping , food and attractions . 
at the last minute , my son and i decided to take a quick trip to chicago to see the cubs . after checking priceline i decided to book the omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel . we arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready ( i had called ahead and requested early arrival ) . the front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating . the room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel . the room was spotless and the bed was very comfortable . there was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room ! ! ! we then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch . our service was great as was the food . we also tried several restaurants around the omni-all within walking distance . the service , cleanliness and location of the omni were incredible . we will definitely go back . 
my stay at the affinia last weekend was ideal and i can ' t wait to return . i was in town for a brief personal trip and wanted to have a clean , lovely room near the shopping downtown . affinia fit the bill . the location was perfect , just one block from the magnificent mile . the decor was modern and sleek , and my room was impeccably clean . they even have a pillow menu ! the price was pretty reasonable , too . i ' ll definitely be back . 
i have been meaning to write a review of the omni but wasn ' t sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high . we stayed here for N nights . the room was fine when i walked in . but about five minutes or so i was all congested . thought it might have been from the flight . i then noticed there was dust everywhere . the tv , the minibar , and worst of all the air vent . it was literally hanging off the vent . i called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up . after N minutes of waiting and noticing other things . a bathroom door that wouldn ' t close , broken light fixtures , a toe or fingernail on the bed . broken bathroom fixtures . this place was a dump . hopefully the pictures will show some of it . i could go on and on . almost N minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room , both he and head of housekeeping were ' shocked ' at the room . we were moved to another room , not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked , or so i was told . i stayed at the omni once prior and have to say was very impressed . but this will be the last time . sad to say . the hotel did cut the rate of our N day stay , but doesn ' t explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection . 
i recently stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers and there is no way i ' ll be going back . check in took a long time as there many people arriving for a conference and only a single staff member at the reception desk . my room itself was barely passable - the bathroom seemed to need a good cleaning and the room itself looked like it had seen better days long before i ever was here . for the price i was paying , you ' d think they ' d allow access to the work out facilities , but they wanted an outrageous per day charge ! top it off with the small pool and no hot tub and you won ' t want to be spending any time here at all . to top it off , the promised discount rate wasn ' t honored at the end of my stay , despite being assured that all was well at check in ! i ended up arguing with the manager about it when i was checking out - since i had to catch a flight , no resolution happened and as of yet , i ' m still waiting for responses to my calls and letters . chicago has a lot better hotels to offer and for the price per night i paid , it wasn ' t worth it . even the shula ' s wasn ' t enough to make me want to return here . 
o . m . g best hotel ever ! i ' ve stayed at various hotels in the area and the service has been really suckish . evan at one hotel i stayed at they had a molded sandwhich under the bed , how gross and i could of really got sick ! but this hotel was the perfect location right by the beach and by all the clubs . ohh . and the pump room , the best food i ' ve evr had at a hotel . i evan got to take a picture with queen anne ! i will never regret coming to this hotel ! i loved this hotel so much me and my bridemaid ' s stayed here . and it ' s just walking distance from all the popular food places and clubs . ( all the places to be at least ) 
my stay at the amalfi was a very brief one . i booked the hotel based on all of the glowing reviews i saw here on trip advisor . when i arrived , i sat down at a desk with an amazingly aloof clerk . i felt like i stepped into an episode of the twilight zone . the room was very small and dark . then the internet wasn ' t working . i wasn ' t informed about this on my check in and couldn ' t be given a time frame when it would be back up . i walked the neighborhood and found another hotel more to my liking , gathered up my belongings and went there . if you ' re one of those people who likes trendy upscale and chi chi locations and hotels , you ' ll lurve this place . but if you like a hotel with lights on , working internet and a good view and real breakfast , go someplace else . 
the amalfi hotel in chicago is a wonderful hotel . i had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished i could have stayed for longer . the staff is so nice and helpful . they really treat you like a vip and are there to help with any questions you might have . the rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home . in my room i had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection . did i say in the room ? i didn ' t even have to leave or order something on the television . it was nice to shower with their aveda products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me . while staying in for the night i was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel . the bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean ! in the morning i was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage . yes . . . ordered . they came to my room and i didn ' t even have to leave . very comfy ! this hotel was by far the best that i have stayed in and i travel a lot for business so i would know . you always have high expectations when you ' re staying at hotels and i ' m pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded . i ' m recommending this hotel to everyone i know that will be staying in the chicago area . i will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because i just didn ' t want to leave ! i would rate this hotel N out of N stars . 
i stay in chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the chicago hilton . i pretty much only stay at hilton properties and have stayed at tons from hawaii all the way to budapest . this hilton is not up to par . it ' s clean and the front desk staff is nice , but in chicago , the drake , doubletree guest suites , and even the hilton garden inn are all superior to the chicago hilton ( and less expensive ) . compared to other hilton properties in chicago , the rooms were not as well appointed , the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice , the tv was tiny , the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long , and the breakfast you get was more like a hampton inn than a N star hotel . if you ' re going to chicago and you like hilton brand hotels , you can do far better than this place . 
i have stayed in hotels all over the world , and this is probably the worst service that i ' ve ever experienced . the staff was unaccomodating and the hotel did not provide the services that it claimed it would . i decided to try the monaco because it seemed interesting , was close to the theater , and had what seemed to be a good rate . what a huge mistake . the front desk staff was condescending and not even remotely helpful . the room was not clean , the gold fish we had requested came many hours after we told them we would be arriving , they never bothered to come turn down the beds , and the late check-out ' priviledges ' which were guarenteed when i booked the room suddenly became ' upon request ' - boy the extra N minutes they gave me sure were helpful . dont ' waste your time or your money here . at best , it ' s nothing special . personally , i like the fairmont in chicago , but anyplace woudl be better than the monaco . 
great hotel ! ! the staff is very friendly and helpful . the room was in perfect shape , very clean and just a beautiful setup . i will definetly go to this hotel many more times when i am in the area ! i would definetly recommend it ! 
nice big rooms but stinky mildew hallways , fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the omni . location was great but there are a lot of other options . if you get a really good deal on the room , i wouldn ' t say no . 
have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted . great bar ( draught stella and guinness ) which was being upgraded at the end of march when i was last there , good food , lovely staff , large clean rooms , comfortable beds , spot on location for the golden mile , joey ' s pizzas next door are fantastic . ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please . highly recommended 
i was disappointed in my stay at the james . i am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs . each time i sat down for a meal , i would explain my dietary needs to the waiter . most times , i ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included . my wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations , i made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her cpap machine . i was assured that this was no problem . however , when we arrived at the hotel , we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed . we had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned . overall , it was not an entirely horrific stay , but i expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber . next time i visit chicago , i will be staying at another hotel . 
i had my wedding ceremony and reception at the sofitel . it seems as though i had the same experience as ' judy l . ' i read her review and thought ' that ' s exactly what happened to me ! ' here ' s what happened the good news the actual event was great . most notably , the food was absolutely incredible i think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food . the same goes for the cake , which was made by take the cake . the service by the waiters and other staff was also very good . the bad news michelle , the director of catering , honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare . while we were negotiating the contract , she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls after the contract was signed , it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered , to schedule the tasting , etc . she frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email , and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until i called her a second or third time . i assumed things would get better within the month--or even the week--prior to my wedding , but they actually got even worse . michelle just could not get it together , and if it weren ' t for my wedding coordinator ' s assistance in forcing her to finally get things right , i don ' t know what would have happened . thus , if it weren ' t for michelle ' s inability to do her job , i would have had a great experience . but , as it is , when i think back about my experience with the sofitel , i unfortunately have very negative thoughts . and that ' s incredibly disappointing , considering it was a major part of the best night of my life . 
after some deliberation i booked the sofitel water tower place for a N night stop-over in june . this was my first visit to chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time . we loved our rooms , which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed . the decor is modern and personally i liked it a lot . the rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable . the hotel location is just perfect , close to the shops on michagan avenue , and the beach at oak street . lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in rush street is just steps away . the area although bustling was peaceful and quiet . we could walk to most places and i would not hesitate to stay here again . the hotel staff very helpful , always smiling and ready to help from the doormen to the helpful lady at conceriage . i would not hesitate at all to stay at sofitel water tower place next time i ' m in chicago in fact i look forward to my next visit . 
first off , don ' t get a room on a lower floor , the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at N am . then don ' t bother going down for breakfast at that time either , because the restaurant isn ' t open that early . when it finally opened , the breakfast arrived cold and late . nothing like congealed eggs to start your day . the fitness center had no towels and no cups for water . it was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it . after my congealed breakfast , it really was not pleasant . my entire three day visit was like that . i tried room service that night , but again , service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived . my high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all . the furniture was run down and worn . pool towels were not always available . generally , for the price i paid , i would expect better service and a better maintained premises . 
i arrived to find that my room was not ready , despite it being past the Npm check in time . i was not offered any compensation for this , or any real apology , just shunted off to the side to wait it out . this took a good hour and a half , during which time i was needing to be reading for a meeting . again , no apologies , just my card . the room was adequately clean ( it had better be . . . ) though sparsely furnished for the price . it did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot , south coastal motels . i encountered several problems with on site amenities , both in room and out . some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway , even when i complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors . it seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness . after the abysmal ( lack of ) service at the hotel bar i elected to eat out every other night ( i declined to try the room service , unimpressed with every other offering so far ) . i would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips . 
my wife and i stayed here for a weekend and we absolutely loved it . the atmosphere was very chic upscale in my opinion you get more than what you pay for with the brand name amenities without breaking the bank . my wife even got to bring along her dog ( aka N man ! ) . i would definitely stay here again would recommend it to anyone staying in the chicago area . 
i really had high hopes for homewood suites when i stayed there on a week-long business trip last month . after all , considering their prices ( it ' s technically a hilton ) , you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel . i ' ll start with the good stuff about the hotel it ' s in downtown . now for the bad stuff first , everyone is rude . i ' m not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp . the bellboy scowled at me in the lobby , was rough with my luggage , and then scowled at me again when i tipped him N . likewise , the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head . she had to call her supervisor over twice just to check me in , and i had a reservation ! apparently she was new , and didn ' t have much experience using the computer , but that ' s no excuse it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into N minutes of tedium . sadly , the room was no better than the service . the hot water in the sink did not work , the shower was only lukewarm , and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink . complimentary mood lighting , i guess . the tv was a bust sure it was an lcd , but the espn logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel . and to top it all off , the bed smelled funny . i called the front desk ( at least the phone worked ) , and asked for fresh sheets . the person i talked to said they ' d be right up , but never came . eventually , i gave up . i woke up the next morning to back pain ( the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow ) . i left the room , and made my way through the chilly hallways to the ' complimentary buffet . ' literally all the food was bad . even the cereal tasted stale . looking around , everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience . the sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel . just plain sad . worst part was , it was the same thing for the next four days , too . 
there are many high-quality hotels in chicago . there are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the affinia chicago . with its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service , it is just a combination for trouble , we had established our reservations for friday the Nth amd arrived at Npm to check-in . no room . one hour after their posted check in time and nothing . no apology , no offer for upgrade , no discount . nothing . as a seasoned traveler i have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list . 
upon my arrival at the hotel allegro in chicago i had to wait to be helped by a bellman for N minutes while i waited outside in the towncar . the bellman that ended up assisting me dropped two of my suitcases as he pushed his cart through the lobby . the front desk service rep was busy on the phone when i approched and raised a finger to me to hold on while she finished her call . once i recieved my key and entered my room i realized that i had been checked into a dirty room . i called the front desk and asked for a new room and the same desk rep . that i had previously checked in with told me that there wern ' t anymore available rooms . she told me that i needed to come back down to the lobby . as i approched the desk i heard her yelling at a housekeeper . she then told me that it would be a N minute wait and my room would be ready . i didn ' t have the energy to complain at that point having traveled on a plane for the past N hours so i just sat in the lobby waiting for my room to be cleaned . while i was waiting i watched another person being checked in and they were not only given a room without a reservation but they were upgraded to a suite at no extra charge - why was i not given that suite after what i just went through ? N minutes later the desk rep came over to me and let me know that my room was ready . i went back up to the same room that i had previously entered . it was clean but there was no toliet paper and no towels . i called back down to the desk rep and she said house keeping would be on thier way with the items . if my stay wasn ' t already horrible enough after i changed and went down to the N retaurant connected to the hotel i ended up having to wait N minutes after the reservation i had made to be seated . the meal was ok but nothing like i had expected it to be when i read about it online . i can honestly say i will never be returning to this hotel nor this restaurant . 
recently returned from a two-night stay at ambassador east hotel . was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in chicago . mission was accomplished . if you would like a quiet , comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it . while some of the furnishings show some signs of their age , it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling . found staff to be friendly and helpful . we will be return guests many times in the future for sure . 
when most people think hilton , they think luxury . i know i did . i only wish i ' d been half right . upon arriving , i was informed that the incompetent staff had lost my reservation entirely . not a very auspicious start , but they did find me another room . granted , the new room had an oh-so-scenic view of the broadside of an adjacent building . but , fine . i was willing to let this slide . i didn ' t want to be difficult . in the following days of my stay , it got a little harder to ignore all the minor problems that were making the hilton very undeserving of the term , luxury hotel . noisy neighbors . rude staff . if the state of my bathroom towels was anything to go by upon checkout , i doubt my sheets were changed even once . next time i ' ll ignore the hype and stay somewhere cheaper . the service couldn ' t possibly be worse . 
stayed for N nights . booked via hotwire , upgraded to historic tower . got a big room , with a nice view . service was great . valet parking was efficient , but you expect it for N doller night . but the location was the best 
excellent location , about a block from michigan ave . and two blocks from water tower place and john hancock tower . beautiful hotel , felt very luxurious and high-class for being a moderate priced hotel . staff was excellent -- friendly and accommodating . 
i was really excited to be visiting chicago for the first time , and the hotel that was recommended to me was the conrad chicago , located on rush street . i wanted a hotel that was conveniently located to all the downtown sites , and the conrad chicago does not disappoint in that respect . however , everything else about this hotel could be classified as sub-par , ranging from the rudeness of the check-in clerks to the roaches that were freely roaming in my room . this hotel does not deserve to be on anyone ' s recommended list . my first problem was a rude desk clerk who checked me in . after asking for three forms of identification ( most places only ask for a driver ' s license ) and asking me twenty questions about the reason for my trip to chicago , she reluctantly gave me a room key . i asked if there was a bell cap to help me with my bags and she said if i wanted to wait , one would be able to help in about N minutes . i didn ' t feel like waiting , so i dragged my bags to the room , only to find that the room key did not work ! instead of dragging everything back down , i decided to use my cell phone to call the front desk , only there was no cell phone signal in the hall way . i couldn ' t believe i was in the middle of downtown chicago and the hotel did not have a signal ! i finally flagged down someone from the housekeeping staff to let me into my room , but i immediately saw there were problems . two roaches scampered across the carpet and when i went into the bathroom , there were no towels or wash cloths . i went to turn on the tv and it didn ' t work . one of the lamps was missing a light bulb . i couldn ' t believe that this was happening to me . i was at the conrad chicago , not the motel six ! i then sat down on the bed and the mattress was soft and lumpy . i was ready to cry . i was spending a lot of money on this hotel and it was a dump . i called down to the front desk and asked for another room , but they refused , saying i had gotten a special rate and it did not allow room changes . i insisted that they give me towels , fix the tv , put a light bulb in the lamp and have someone spray to get rid of the roaches . they agreed , but told me it would take ' awhile ' because several of their key personnel had called in sick . my stay at the conrad chicago was a nightmare from beginning to end . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone 
i travel often and whenever i travel i prefer to stay at hilton properties . i am always satisfied with my stay at hilton . locations . however , i have never stayed at a homewood suites location . this property was awesome and it was great to have the same satisfication when i arrived . the lobby area was excellent and the greeting from the front desk staff was wonderful ! my room was in great condition ! absolutely no complaints . i just figured that a property like this should be recognized . great job staff ! ! ! ! i will definitely return in the future ! 
not a good start when the front desk isn ' t willing to tell their customers that they have a problem with your room ! we reserved a king suite , and the hotel put us in a queen suite without telling us up front . only after we confronted the manager did they come clean about the switch , he offered us a free breakfast , but would not up-grade our room . the whole problem could have been avoided if they would have told us the truth and let us decide if we still were willing to stay at the omni . we will not be retuning to this hotel again . 
for a short time during vacation i had rented a room from the ambassador east hotel , i have to say i was quite impressed with what i experienced and would referre others looking to stay in a hotel to that given location . the hotel is comfortable and spacey with nice staff who are always polite to aid you whenever it is needed , and trust me i am not the nicest person in the world so this says a lot . the food is good , location is great , everything is easily accessible and all the given luxuries of a hotel are well kept here . 
great front desk staff , the rest of the experience was dreadful . the room service staff have to be among the most poorly trained i have ever encountered . we had to ask four times for the staff not to slam the supply closet , adjacent to our room ( almost in the room itself ) . they do these random room checks for the minibar , as if the entire budget hinged on the sale of a can of N peanuts . the roomservice is also equipped with walkie-talkies as loud as megaphones . if you like sleeping in on your vacation , don ' t stay here . also , the hotel was under massive construction , a detail that was conveniently excluded from the website . so we had to take the elevator with construction workers just about every time we used it . no discount because of the work and noise . i ' d rather sleep in a box in the alley . 
i was going on a N day personal trip to chicago , and i decided to indulge myself a bit this time around . i chose to stay at the talbot , an upscale hotel in the heart of downtown chicago . to start off , i was not pleased . for the hundreds i pay a day , i expected an impeccable hotel . first , the check-in process was bad as somehow it took them nearly N minutes to find a reservation i had placed nearly a month in advance . some customer service they claim . next , when i went to my room , i found that room service had not cleaned it at all . i was forced to wait as they called up a maid to entirely reclean the room as it was strewn with used towels and such . in summary yes , it was a fancy hotel , yes it had nice accommodations , but the service i experienced there was simply not up to par with a hotel of that price . 
problems started when i booked the intercontinental chicago online at the hotel ' s site , and got a server error . somehow i managed to get my reservation , and wish i had looked elsewhere on this great chicago street , filled with plenty of other options . the server errors continued at check in and didn ' t let up . i was on a holiday weekend , but far too many others must have been pushy conventioneers , and i had trouble getting served . the hotel is enormous and doesn ' t give a sense of comfort . the health facilities are also just too big , so noisy and crowded . and internet access was N a day , kind of surprising when i can go around the corner to a starbucks ! next time , i ' ll pick a more intimate place nearby--without so many ' server errors ' . 
the historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel . unfortunately , the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings . the front desk staff was rude , the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door . there are three elevators but good luck with them all working . they are very very small and when only one is up and running . . . you end up waiting a long time for one . not fun when you are on the Nth floor . the room was tiny and the air conditioning did not work at all . . . the room felt damp and miserable . we put the thermostat as low as it would let us ( N ) and the room never went below N . ( and it was N outside the whole trip ! ! ! ) . there really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant . internet is not free either . . . overall , i would never stay here again . 
the lobby of the homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room ( actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up ) . the odors from the kitchen were disgusting , and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen ( i . e . hospital ) . the free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable . i suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were , that makes this hotel a good value . but i would not stay here again . 
my friend and i stayed for just one night , and loved the hotel . it had an awesome water feature in the hotel , and great large bar . like all hyatts it had a very comfortable bed , lot ' s of pillows , and large bathroom . 
from the moment i stepped into the ambassador east hotel , i was very much impressed ! ! the entire staff was extremely helpful and very pleasant . the bell staff escorted my husband and i right up to our suite . our suite was beyond belief . the atmosphere was very classy and romantic . my husband previously arranged for a bottle of champagne to be waiting in our room when we arrived . we had traveled to chicago , from new york , for a romantic weekend get away . we had dinner that night at the hotel restaurant , the pump house , and were very pleased . dinner started with soup and a salad , main course meal and dessert , all for a reasonable price . we did a little local shopping the next day , after a very well rested night in their wonderfully comfortable king sized beds . every interaction with the staff was a postitive experience . we enjoyed our weekend get away and would most definitely return to the ambassador east hotel the next time that we are in chicago , illinois . N stars . . . . 
imo the amalfi doesnt come close to justifying the glowing comments on ta . this is basically a holiday inn . half of the rooms overlook an alley loading dock . the hotel is not more than N or N flors high and the garbage pick up woke me up daily at N am . at N , when you are just nodding off again , they begin setting up for the complimentary breakfast . this is a continental buffet on every floor next to the elevator bank . any room within N feet of the elevators will hear the noise . reception was a bit tacky and the ' staff ' was a little rough around the edges . i didn ' t see a single business travellers while i was there . valet parking was expensive ( usual for chicago ) but was very slow . just ok . explore other options . 
we booked this hotel as a last minute vacation planned on doing a little shopping and nightlife downtown . we where woken up at N N in the morning with our bathroom flooded , this water was brown and all the clothing and our belongings left in the bathroom were dirty and sopping wet . we where moved to another room , but it was smaller then the orginal room we had gotten and paid for . the next day the housekeeping service never even came to change our sheets , coffee or towels , which is just horrible service . the service along with the orginal room where perfect , but we do not plan on ever spending another weekend in that flooding hotel . 
we stayed in the ic chicago for N nights from Nth dec after reading the reviews on trip advisor . we werent disappointed . we had N rooms opposite each other in the historic tower . the rooms were spacious and very clean with good views towards the river and tribune building . we got a good rate on the rooms but did not have breakfast in the hotel as it was very expensive as was the wifi at N per day . as the hotel is on the magnificent mile there are plenty of place to eat including for breakfast . the starbucks in the lobby was a hit with the kids - very handy . i would definitely recommend the hotel . 
i booked this via priceline , and was not sure i ' d like it , as some sheratons have fallen off the cliff . this hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations . despite booking with priceline , i was treated like a king . they let me check in early , gave me a beautiful room , and even went so far as to look up my starwood number so i could get some credit for the stay . the staff was unfailingly pleasant , the property immaculate , and the room very comfortable . i highly recommend this hotel . 
overall , the hotel is beautiful . the service was great . all the employees were friendly and always willing to help . my room on the north end had a great view of the city and the chicago river . the bed and big fluffy pillows were very comfortable and relaxing . the only downfalls were parking and the fitness room . parking was a little on the pricey side and not exactly as close to the hotel as one would think it should be . the hotel itself is huge with over N rooms , so you may feel like your getting your daily exercise in just walking from your room to the fitness center depending on where your room is located . 
i arrived at the hotel N minutes prior to check in time as they recommend . when i get there i noticed that there is a couple and two other people waiting in line to check in . ten minutes later after standing there with my suitcase , the woman at the front desk informs us that their computers are down due to a recent update to the software . she told us to wait until the computers booted back up . i asked if i could drop my suitcase off at the room and she said no because they need to electronically activate the cards and with the computers down they couldn ' t activate the cards . finally another N minutes later the computers were up and i finally got my room . wheres the ' luxury ' in waiting N minutes for a room ? they also need to change the name of the hotel because their service did not leave me ' allegro . ' 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers was an awesome place to stay . nothing bad about it . it was a great value . the beds were comfortable , the rooms were nice and open , and the pool was great . food was great ! my family and i loved staying here ! would recommend to everyone i know . 
let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take N-N trips for pleasure on a yearly basis ( not including our business travel ) . we ' ve traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail . we were not at all impressed by this hotel . at N night we were expecting a decent , clean hotel but obviously not a N . we were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given ( N ) . the paint wallpaper tub were peeling , there was hair in both the tub toilet when we got to the room , the internet service was extremely slow , the toilet ran throughout the night , and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in . we told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was ' i know , we can ' t wait for our renovations . ' if it hadn ' t been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the uk booked into this hotel by a travel agent , we would have checked out as soon as we checked in . let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in check-out process was painfully slow . all we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly responsive door staff . in its day this was likely a lovely hotel but it is in dire need of a renovation . despite its location i cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience . we would never book at this hotel again . 
the palmer house hilton , while it looks good in pictures , and the outside , is actually a disaster of a hotel . when i went through , the lobby was dirty , my room hadn ' t been cleaned , and smelled thoroughly of smoke . when i requested more pillows , the lady on the phone scoffed at me and said she ' d send them up . it took over an hour for N pillows . this hotel is a good example that what you pay for isn ' t always what you get . i will not be returning . 
guys trip to chicago , scored this hotel on priceline for N a night . had a little confusion over the bed situation at first . they said they only had kings available even after i had called and requested N doubles . after a N minute ordeal at the front desk they put us in a room with N doubles . the room was nice , nothing specacular , a little on the small side but nice . the lobby was beautiful to look at but that ' s about it . hotel is within walking distance to soldier field , sears tower , espn zone , and lots of bars and restaurants . great location that and the price we got the room for made our trip . would definately try and stay at this hotel again . 
i recently stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago while on a business trip . i have to say that i was very displeased with the service i received during my stay . even though their website boasts that their staff will be at your beck and call , i found them to be very rude . the beds were extremely uncomfortable and the noise level very high . i was awakened by guests in the next room several times . even though i complained to the front desk , they did not resolve the issue . i definitely would not recommend this hotel and i will be staying at a different hotel if i am in the area again . 
we booked the amalfi looking for a great boutique hotel in chicago . the hotel is a nice property with clean rooms and nice amenities in a good location . however , when i booked the hotel i was offered an upgraded room from a king room to a corner king room for only N more . that was great until i checked in . the corner room looked at two brick walls and an alley . during the night there were several homeless individuals fighting in the alley . it would seem that this is a place for them to congregate . on top of this , the dumpsters in the alley were being emptied by the waste department between N and N am in the morning . the noise was crazy loud . i think this is a nice hotel with some unfortunate aspects due to its location . the staff is extremely friendly and very helpful . 
my wife and i were very much looking forward to our stay at the hotel allegro in chicago . we had been looking forward to a romantic getaway . i have to say hotel allegro was a disappointment for both of us . this is a pet friendly hotel - we knew that going in . but we were shocked by the fact that we found pet hair around the room we were given . in the carpet and even an amount on the bed cover . very shocking for the price we were paying . when we called the front desk it took over an hour for someone from housekeeping to stop by . past this - the room itself - it has flair i guess , but i can ' t imagine it is the right flair for many . the colorings used a bright blue on the bed and a muted yellow , designy wallpaper . neither myself or my wife found it relaxing at all . i can ' t imagine many would . it really was off-putting . overall , the experience was a check minus in my book . will not be looking to return any time soon . 
while it was a nice hotel , but i am rather frustrated with them ! during our stay our room was cleaned twice by housekeeping . the first day was fine . second day my diamond earrings came up missing . noticed they were missing while in the packing up and checking out process . my biggest mistake was not staying there and dealing with this further . but we had a family reunion and funeral to get to . while the front desk was great and said they would handle it , i believe they say these things just to get you to go on about your way ! we filed a police report and the gm of the hotel is supposed to be working on it . we have called several times but receive no answers . they keep telling us the cleaning staff have been there N years . . . . . that dosen ' t matter to me ! if they are not held accountable what ' s to stop them from taking anything . there is a dishwasher in the room , and they found my daughters ring ( which was in the same glass with my diamond earrings ) in the dishwasher . they say i put the cup in the dishwasher . first , i am on vacation , trust me i ' m not doing dishes ! second , why would i wash one glass and leave the other dirty dishes in the room ? so , while it is a nice hotel . . . . lock up your things of value ! they may come up ' missing ' and you ' ll be left frustrated ! ! 
my husband and i stayed at the hyatt regency chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary . we could not have picked a better locate . the price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget . the flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine . my husband loved the stetson steakhouse and the N hour stay fit gym . we really did not leave the hotel during i stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away . if we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay . this hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and i . what a wonderful ten years celebration . 
to whom this may concern , my name is jamie brown , and i was a recent guest of yours between july Nth through july Nth , and your staff made my stay so comfortable i almost didnt want to leave . the kitchen in the room and the complimentary grocery shopping service made me rethink leaving all together and when i didnt feel like cooking the complimentary welcome home dinner with a glass of wine , helped me clear my mind for all the paper work i had to look forward to . the free wireless internet access both in my room and sitting by the pool helped get all that done and helped me get my laps in as well . i really couldn ' t have asked for anything more ! i felt like a queen and i never though i could feel that way just staying in a hotel . i thank you so very much for treating me so kindly and i will gladly be visiting you again very soon , only for more pleasure and way less business . sincerely yours , jamie brown 
great place , great room , great location . even though there was a big meeting going on ( rainbow girls in all their enormous gowns ) the only consequence for us was slow elevators . ballroom is amazing , shops on ground floor a nice throwback . lake views from upper floors -- we were on N i think -- are worth it . concierge advice about restaurants etc was excellent . definitly would return . 
stayed here with friends for a long weekend in august and loved the hotel . enjoyed the free nightly wine happy hour , and the accomodations were quite nice ( our beds were very soft and comfortable ) . we had excellent views of the river from our rooms . the location was wonderful for seeing the sights around town , with easy access to public transportation nearby . my friends actually received the goldfish upon request , which they enjoyed . some noise could be heard from rooms nearby or above , but it was minimal . price seemed very resonable to us for the location . will certainly return to the windy city and plan on staying here again . 
james chicago the luxurious nice hotel as it was advertised . i didn ' t want stay in this hotel , but my wife insisted . ok , so when i booked the ticket , it cost me N for one room . N ! i could get a new honeycomb android tablet with dual core processor at that price point ! the room was stylish though , it looked nice . there was a tv , and the beds were fine . although i couldn ' t quite understand why they had wifi and no computer . why would i even need wifi if there is no computer ? what were they thinking ! ? the experience i had with james chicago was a bit below of what i had expected . i mean the food available there wasn ' t very tasty at all . i had to wait in a long line to get the ticket and i was also hoping to browse the internet , but they had no computer , only wifi . that ' s like only having bread , without any fillings to make it into a sandwich ! 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro in march , N . we had a great time ! we were upgraded to a suite , and enjoyed the jacuzzi tub with mr . bubbles , animal print robes , and a luxurious king- sized bed ! the suite was very nice , and we had no problem with noise from other rooms or from the street . it was very boutiquey , and the lobby was lovely . we enjoyed the complementary wine hour . the staff was attentive , and our stay in this kimpton hotel made our first-time trip to chicago memorable ! we would return here ! 
my husband and i arrived at the swissotel chicago to celebrate our Nth wedding anniversary . we automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel ' s brochure intrigued us . boy were wee wrong ! upon arrival ( at the given and advertised check-in time ) our room was not ready . we waited for more than an hour , with our bags in hand . we checked more than twice to see if the room was ready , but the staff was less than ' warm ' both times . after a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels ' lobby , tired and finally arriving to our room , we expected to take a nap and hit the city . we reserved the premier corner king or so we thought . we were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline . yeah , right ! all we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building . in addition , the water in the shower had little pressure . we called the front desk , the phone rang for N times before someone answered . my husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling . we requested a better room , but they said that none was available . however , they did have an upgraded room , but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee . we could not believe it . my husband felt that we should not ' agitate ' them any further , for fear that they might make things even worse for us like turn off our air . we threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before . after returning about N hours later , the water pressure was fixed . the room was clean and the bed was plush , but the overall experience ( especially the rudeness of the staff ) was not good . let ' s just say that on our next Nth anniversary we won ' t stay at the swissotel and will tell others to not stay there . 
i arrived and my friends were already there and visiting a nearby art gallery . they put my name on the reservation and told me to get a key from the front desk when i arrived . the front desk staff gave me the key to my room and i put my stuff away and went to meet the group . we returned late that night and i soon realized the room that my friends were in was not the room that i placed my stuff in that afternoon . we went to speak with the front desk . we were met with ' we can ' t do anything about that right now due to the hour . we will not disrupt the guest staying in the room you say you left your stuff in . ' unacceptable ! ! ! my N laptop and all of the things i brought with me were in that room ! not my mistake ! finally , after arguing with the head of security for about N minutes , they knocked on the door of the room i had left my belongings in and a lady answered . she was upset and stated she had security take the items from her room in the afternoon . all of my belongings were recovered in the security room however , all of this hullabaloo could have been avoided had they communicated about the situation ! terrible , terrible customer service . they sent up an apology letter , champagne , and chocolate covered strawberries to the room . although i was appreciative of the gesture , it still does not excuse the fact that they argued and continued to say ' we can ' t do anything about it . ' 
we loved the talbott . the location was fabulous . . . very close to the shopping . the hotel is smaller , but the rooms are very nice . they are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well . also , the beds are some of the most comfortable i have ever slept in . i might also add that our room at queen beds . the staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you . the hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers , etc . it looks like a scene out of europe . i would highly recommend the hotel . we were there with our daughters ages N and N . 
my three night stay at fairmont chicago millennium park was the perfect way to end a weekend . the hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes . the staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile . the myspa was the getaway of a life time . my only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time . well worth the money and i know my next stay will be much longer . 
after a my stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago i contemplated the the poor quality of my experienc there and felt the need to document it . while the amenities were plush , the service of the staff was lacking . upon check in , my reservation was ' lost ' and it took over N minutes for the manager to make arraingments for my stay . there was no offer to upgrade me or comp me in any way . room service did a poor job in cleaning my room and left wet towles in the bath room . a used coffee filter was left in the coffee pot for me to clean out . i am not sure my sheets were changed out . when i checked out , the bell hop dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive leaving me to scramble to recover the report i spent days creating . overall my negative experience has left me wondering if they train thier staff on the proper way to attend to their customers . i will be relunctant to stay with them again until i am assured they have focused on trainging their staff better . 
when i walked into the millennium knickerbocker hotel , my first thought was , ' wow this is very yellow ' , and not the good kind of yellow like a sunny day , no the ugly yellow that you would want to wash off your pretty white blouse . my room was fairly descent although the yellow theme seemed to leak in . it was a victorian feeling in the lobby that turned into a modern feeling in the rooms and bathrooms . i would have liked to see less yellow and maybe a bit more of that fancy feeling from the lobby in the rooms . 
i have recently stayed at the hyatt regency chicago hotel and although i have stayed there a variety of times before , for both business and pleasure , my experience this time was particularly poor . from right when i checked in to the day i left i felt like i was constantly around unfriendly people who didn ' t want to be at work their to do their jobs . my room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day , and when i was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways , i couldn ' t sleep . for my next visit to chicago i won ' t be staying at the hyatt regency . 
my family chose to stay at the chicago hilton during our last trip to the city . we wanted something luxurious and centrally-located without having to pay exorbitant prices . i can honestly say we made an excellent decision in picking the hilton . the staff treated us well , the rooms were clean and roomy ( we loved the serenity beds ) , and the hotel itself is stunning . it was like stepping back in time . we loved that the chicago hilton was close to numerous attractions . the weather was lovely , so it was great to walk to navy pier , sears tower , and the adler planetarium . we will definitely stay at the hilton the next time we are in chicago . 
after considering several hotels in the area , my family and i finally decided , unfortunately , on homewood suites , for our long weekend vacation . overall , the experience left much to be desired . the breakfast buffet consisted of cold scrambled eggs and greasy pastries . the linens on one of our beds seemed dirty , and when i told the hotel staff and asked them to be replaced , the woman rolled her eyes and had a very unprofessional attitude . i would not come back here ever . 
this hotel was everything we were looking for . my mom and i were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out . the talbott hotel was incredible . the rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed . the hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome ! they even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area . highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago ! 
do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business ? then the james hotel in chicago is the place for you . superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight . followed by spacious rooms , luxurious linens , and all-natural kiehl ' s body shampoos and lotions . i absolutely loved my stay at the james hotel in downtown chicago . the bathrooms have raised sinks , and all of the luxurious amenities you would want . i absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch . i felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere . i definitely would stay again , and plan to stay at the james in new york as well 
when we stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago , we had one of the worst visits i have ever experienced . our room was not ready right away so we had to wait about an hour in the lobby . and finally when we made it to our room we found a moldy shower and a dirty floor . the room service took about an hours and a half to come to the room and she we went to the pool that day , it was so crowded there was no room to sit on the side . our experience was definitely not a pleasant one . to make matters even worse , we were billed twice for our room which my husband luckily caught before we left . i am never coming back to millennium knickerbocker hotel . 
my stay at the ambassador east hotel was a pleasant one . i loved being able to take a quick stroll to michigan ave for some shopping . i also loved the pump room . what a fun place to hang out and enjoy a blood mary . the front desk staff was wonderful with my check in since my reservation was lost . they found me a room immediately even though the city was book up . i thought the rooms were clean and well maintained . the shampoo was great and i decided to take it home with me . i am looking forward to another stay at the ambassador east in the spring when i return to chicago . 
a great hotel , we used the cta the N days we were in chicago and it is great , that the line N stops nearly in front of the hotel . so we did not need any taxi and traveled from midway to the city and to ohare for N and we used the buses alot ( freezing cold ) . the hotel itself is great , very clean rooms , realy on of the best bathrooms i ever had . staff very friendly , they even found me out were i can get timerland shoes . . . . and she was right i got them in one place she told me . . . thats service . . . i also was having a look to the gym room and the swimming pool area , did not use it and i do not know if it would have been included in the room price . . . . but realy a nice view makes running easyer . . . . 
we were disappointed with this hotel . the staff seems hurried and unhelpful . our room was not made up until after N pm despite several requests . the blower in the hallway blew freezing air , but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it . the lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit . the room and bed was comfortable , but the cream and and modern art work are not our style . the room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer . certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels i have stayed at in chicago . 
chicago is one of our favorite cities to visit . some friends suggested trying the talbott . i ' m delighted we took them up . the talbott is a great ' small ' hotel a block and a half off of michigan avenue near the four seasons , drake and westin . the concierge staff was most helpfull . gene and stephanie took great care of us . the rooms were spacious and very fresh . the elevators could be a bit slow at times . aside from the construction next door , our stay was perfect . bice now runs the hotel restaurant . we enjoyed having breakfast there . we will stay there again . 
i can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover . N . there was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor . i kid you not . how can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm ? N . the furniture was severely chipped . ok . i dont mind chipped furniture if i am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister ' s apartment . but for N a night , i want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive N . the receptionist while i was checking in was super curt . i know it was late but isnt that sort of your job ? not everything was horribly bad though . the one star is for the bathroom that was super clean . i do not recommend this place at all . 
review ' s a little late , but . . . my husband i first stayed at the amalfi in N N totally based on reviews i read on this website . we were totally wowed ! ! loved the location , the room , the aveda bath products , but most of all loved the evening reception breakfast on our floor . i returned to chicago with N girlfriends in N N and booked us in a suite at the amalfi . it was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased ! will stay next time i ' m in chicago too ! ! p . s . they honor a government rate ! ! ! ! 
i haven ' t stayed all that much with hyatt and i ' m not sure if i will be going back anytime soon . the staff was very professional and helpful . our room was close to being N stars however , fell a little short . it really is time for a remodel of the bathroom . the toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush . i ' m not a germ freak or anything however , i really don ' t want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if i don ' t have to . the hotel was fully booked with a teen convention ( fccla ) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it . the noise at night from every direction . the only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party . coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic . with little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another , absolutely ridiculous . the lobby of the hyatt at night was a complete zoo . during our second night i finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really wasn ' t anything they could do . . . . read more 
the atmosphere at this hotel is truly remarkable it has a very modern feel . the rooms were very well designed , and the beds are not your average hotel room beds by any means . the pillow top beds made an already relaxed and comfortable stay that much more enjoyable . 
the room was very pretty , and the location is great , but the hotel is so big and they don ' t have the staff to take care of everything . the heating in our room was loud , making it difficult to sleep . the gym is not big enough , and the hotel parking garage is very expensive . the hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in . we didn ' t get great service at the hotel bar , and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area . later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at , and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there . the next morning , the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room . 
having stayed in standard hotels before , when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in chicago i was skeptical to say the least . after staying at the amalfi hotel i may never stay in a regular motel again ! right off the bat instead of a N foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that gasp have a clue as to what they are doing . we got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site keefer ' s steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection . the room was spacious had robes and slippers , a stocked mini-bar , the mattress was comfy , and the whole room was clean . the staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife . in the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which i loved cause i love breakfast but not crowds . unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping , my wife was in heaven however , and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards . the whole trip i believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff i would recommend the amalfi to anyone visiting chicago . 
the conrad chicago is a michelin rated hotel , so i was expecting great service and wonderful accommodations . well , only one part of that was correct . the rooms are indeed nicely furnished , but the service was terrible ! the concierge was unable to find my room reservation ( i reserved online and even had the email confirmation ) and wasn ' t very helpful in getting me a new room . i ordered room service , and the wait time was so long that the food came up cold . i mean , i understand that it would take time to get the food prepared and up to my room , but really ? for the price i paid , it was definitely not worth it , and i would never use this hotel again . 
homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown is a wonderful hotel . the hotel is very elegant , classy and only offers the best . the hotel offers complimentary breakfast , along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons . the suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look . this wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime . i would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful , yet comfortable hotel experience . 
i wish to express my dissatisfaction with my stay at the sofitel chicago water tower . my husband and i had planned a trip to chicago for our tenth wedding anniversary . we had gone to great expense to fly his parents in from california so they could have time with their grandchildren . my husband and i had not gone on a honeymoon because he we got deployed to iraq the week after we got married . everyone was so excited ! mark and i had reservations for one of the junior suites . we hadn ' t gone to chicago before to be tourists and were looking forward to the view which was offered . unfortunately , when we got to our room , the view was disappointing . we had requested a non-smoking room and were assigned to one , but it was obvious to us that someone had smoked in there . i am asthmatic and became very ill . we asked to be moved to another room , but were told there were no other rooms ( even downgrades ) available . nothing was done to try to make up for this . because of my health , my husband and i checked out within hours of arriving for our romantic anniversary weekend . this is not how i had imagined spending such a special time . now , when i think of my Nth anniversary , i will always have this memory to tarnish it . 
three nights there on business . hadn ' t realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement , very bleak . told the front desk that i hadn ' t realized about the construction , so i ' d have to switch hotels , they said they were still going to charge me for N nights . so i stayed . tv didn ' t work . tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me . . . eventually after i called again , a few hours later , a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it . long and complicated experience at the business center ( which doesn ' t open until Nam , btw ) , where i ended up paying N to print N pages . had to buy these cards , and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway , ( and charging me for them ) . i was left with N on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the swissotel in chicago , N miles from where i live . i asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that . nice room , nice view , but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad . worst experience i ' ve ever had at a hotel when traveling for business . 
i can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned . we stayed in room N , king with river view . no noise and very comfortable . the price was a bargain at N a night . i would stay here again . the ' l ' from midway airport lets you off about two blocks from the hotel . it ' s a N ride - no need for a N taxi ride . 
just got back from three nights at the knickerbocker . went up to chicago for some last minute christmas shopping . hotel is in a great location . north end of michigan ave . about half a block away . staff was very nice and professional . everyone we came in contact with was very helpful . granted this is a older hotel and some of the rooms are no bigger than closets . we were booked into a standard room and when we arrived we upgraded to a deluxe room . good size room , with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed . bathroom was somewhat small . housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day . did not eat at the restaurant nix , but saw several people getting orders delivered to the bar . overheard comments saying the food was very good . drink service at the martini bar can be slow . martinis run N and up . very good drinks and they don ' t shy away from the liquor . valet parking was N a day with in out priviliges . overall a great stay . would definately stay at this hotel in the future . 
the intercontinental chicago was not as great an experience as i was expecting it to be . when i first arrived the front desk staff could not find my reservation in the system . they then tried to make me book a higher paying room . i ended up having to ask for the manager , who conveniently was able to locate a room for me with the same rate . i was expecting top notch service and class but apparently those services are reserved for the elite . i was not doted on as i should have been and found that i had long wait times when i placed an order with room service or needed the concierge . for the price i was paying to stay there i would have thought there would have been more of a catered and personal touch to the service . 
i was unimpressed by the quality of this hotel . the overall look of the place was marred by what felt like poor maintenance . given that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel and charges rates at that level , this was most disappointing . nor was i impressed with the snooty attitude taken by the hotel staff . 
i called on december Nth , N at N p . m . to book a room for an upcoming weekend getaway , and was taken aback when the phone was picked up and promptly hung up without a word . thinking this might have been a simple mistake , i gave it another try . a woman introducing herself as ' toni ' answered the phone , rushed through her introduction , sounding incredibly bored and annoyed that she had to answer the phone . barely letting a second go by after her introduction , she gave a snotty ' hello ? ! ' before i could open my mouth and tell her ' never mind . ' never has a hotel answered my call so rudely . i ' d like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and pin this unpleasant experience to ' toni ' however i will not be calling back again in hopes to stay at this hotel during this trip . 
just spent three nights at the amalfi hotel , while in chicago on business . booked a king-corner room and loved it . largest room i ' ve ever had in a hotel in chicago , incredibly comfortable , very clean . the breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too . and the location couldn ' t be beat . walking distance to the the river , the loop , michigan ave shopping and convenient to public transportation . i noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise yes there is some street noise , and the building across the street is under construction ( the noise from that was usually between N-N , if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side ) but really , in downtown chicago it ' s not going to be silent , if you want silence stay in the suburbs . if you want a great hotel ( at a great price ) right in the thick of everything , stay at the amalfi . 
i was surprised by the fact that there were no extra sheets or blankets to make up the hide a bed . i called the desk and asked for some and they said that i couldn ' t have any and that only the maid could come and set up the bed . my husband was ill and i wanted the bed set up so i wouldn ' t disturb him . but they were un moved and wouldn ' t bring the sheets . i ended up sleeping on the mattress with bath towels over it and another bath towel as a blanket . they could have given me a set of sheets and a blanket , i didn ' t pay that much a night to sleep on a bare mattress . seriously ! lack of concern for the customer . 
my recent stay at the amalfi hotel in chicago couldn ' t have gone worse . apart from the price of staying there and the slow response time of hotel staff i was totally let down by the food that could be found there . there are many attractions in the area and indeed leaving the hotel is the best part of the experience . 
my husband and i planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in chicago . however our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival . the hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong . the gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers . the manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth . we did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room . needless to say , i was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in . if we had not paid the total cost up front , we would have just left and check into another hotel . 
i enjoyed my stay at the talbott hotel . it is on the more expensive side , but it is all worth it . i got the talbott tradition package , which was N for two people and included a N breakfast credit on check out day . the rooms are huge ! the beds are soft and comfortable . they include aveda bath products , which is a plus in my book . they also have a nice fitness area pool you can use while you stay there . one thing i thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone . my boyfriend also liked the ihome audio system . the location of this hotel is very convenient as well , its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast . but , what i like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to . they were one of the first hotels to be green sealed . overall i had a great stay at talbott hotel ! 
named my price on priceline . N . N bucks . hotel room was great . clean , clean and new . fresh crisp sheets , comfortable bed , flat screen tv , clean carpet , nice bath , etc . short distance to food and sightseeing . i highly recommend this property . be prepared to pay over N . N per night to park . hey , its a hyatt . they also charge N . N for a bottle of water that is normally a buck . for a total of N . N nightly stay in chicago this place is it just don ' t drink the bottled water . happy travels 
the inter continental is a great hotel . the staff was very friendly , and the accomidations were great . the room was clean and ready on time , and the indoor swimming pool was perfect considering chicago ' s weather . eno was simply amazing . their wine selection is second to none . and the turkey pumpkin curry at zest was to die for . 
stayed at the monaco on my way skiing at easter loved it . staff were helpful friendly , room was huge with fantastic view of the river . central location , N min walk to the el . adjoining restaurant bar , great food service . i have stayed in more expensive , supposedly better , hotels in chicago , but this is the best . thanks monaco , i ' ll be back . 
we loved our stay at the talbott . we were in chicago to attend the theater show dirty dancing . we booked our room through orbitz and received a nice discount . when we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy . we were upgraded to a king bed suite . the suite was well decorated and spacious . my wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom . we loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the talbott on our next trip to chicago . highly recommended . 
my husband and i recently chose the palmer house hilton for a rare couple ' s getaway from our usual life , and an escape it truly provided . there is something to be said for all the modern amenities combined with an aesthetic drawn from a grander and more luxurious time , let alone with ever-elusive accessibility for a wheelchair user ! a bonus was that we did not need to feel like we must lug half our usual household with us , because things like alarm clocks , hairdryers and ironing boards were already there , electronic media even available for rent . with a comfortable bed , control over how the room felt , no need to search elsewhere for coffee and excellent room service at our beck and call , we had to remind ourselves that we had planned to leave our room to take advantage of all the chicago culture in close proximity . too often a hotel is an overpriced way to get out of making your own bed in the morning , but the hilton was a true vacation . thank you . 
stay away from the hyatt regency chicago . i recently had to spend the weekend in chicago on business , and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town , but alas , i was left disappointed . i arrived in the afternoon , my flight having been delayed , ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening . unfortunately , my room was not ready . it should have been ready hours earlier , but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff . in any event , i was advised to wait in the bar , creatively named big bar . they seemed annoyed that i wanted only water , not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that i spent time in their hideously noisy establishment--i wanted only to relax in my room . i waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk . was my room ready yet ? ' what room ? ' they replied . to my astonishment , it seemed that i no longer had a reservation ! how this came to pass , i do not know , and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me . i explained that i was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned , or furnished , or renovated , or whatever they were doing to make it ready , but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer , who spake ' guest not found ' or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters . i requested the manager , who was unavailable , presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either . finally , i admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel , with fewer regrets than i would have imagined , to find a better place to spend the night--a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point . as it was , i found another hotel , better priced , better staffed , and with rooms ready for my custom . so if you are looking an experience like no other , book a room at the hyatt regency chicago . if you want a place to sleep , look elsewhere . 
i already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now i ' m going to write about the location ! i like to walk . this place was close to everything ! ! ! ! the ' taste of chicago ' was on during the Nth of july . let me tell you , this was the best ' taste ' of a city that i have ever been to . it was massive and took N mins to walk there . i took the train in from the airport ( it was around N . N but it was a solid N mins but for N . N , how can you complain ? ) and it was approx a N walk to the hotel . we pretty much walked everywhere . we walked the entire magnificent mile strip . we went to the blue navy or whatever the docks are called . my favourite bar was ' pops for champagne . ' wow . i love champagne . and then of course there was the john hancock centre . and lots of shopping ! 
the palmer house has a beautiful lobby with a great bar and restaurant . the rooms are way too small ! ! ! two people in a room with a king size bed can barely move around . not enough room for two suitcases . our room was very outdated-reminded us of the movie the shining . very noisy ! ! ! ! don ' t expect a quiet stay . you can hear everything that your neighbors are doing and saying not to mention everything that is happening in the hallways . we requested a room change as soon as we checked in . the room that we originally were in had a huge square cut out of the wall that had exposed pipes , bricks , dirt and dust . oh and the construction for their renovations starts at N a . m . during the week . we will never stay at the palmer house again . you are better off spending a few more dollars at a different hotel . 
first let me say , i try not to be too critical , but in some cases the truth is warranted ! we checked in and things seemed fine . location was excellent . woke up the first morning , to a slightly rumpled bed covered in ' stains ' , i hope-filthy and not N star hotel quality . requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if i wanted it done to take off the privacy sign , i did and no one even came until later in the day . the room was big enough , had no drawers , suposedly remodeled but carpet didn ' t reach the wall , toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken . the mirrors were great and the water was always hot ! the walls were paper thin , i heard every conversation the guests next door had . they were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t . v . through the walls and vents . internet was N . N , worked for a bit and then not again , i called customer service and spent N minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later . the hotel did give us a credit for the charges . at this point , enough was enough , we packed our bags and checked out . the front desk was very helpful- kudos to rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops ! ! 
we stayed at the hard rock for one night to do some intense , day-after-thanksgiving shopping . it really is a great hotel . the rooms are really cool , and we were just in the basic one . the bed is extremely comfortable , with the softest sheets and great pillows . the technology in the room is great . they have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms . for a very modern room , it is still comfortable and homey . the location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go . the staff were very nice and helpful . the bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu . one of the best hotels i have stayed at in chicago . really enjoyed it and would highly recommend . 
my wife and i booked a deluxe accessible room at this beautiful hotel for three nights . the wonderful photos don ' t do the hotel justice . it couldn ' t have been a more ideal stay . the room was spacious and and clean , the bathroom sparkling , with every amenity one could imagine . the bed felt like it had been just delivered . our views of downtown chicago were spectacular . on top of all of this , the hotel staff was extremely helpful . they explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at , and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy ! believe everything good that you read . if you visit chicago , stay at the conrad chicago . 
i am so glad i decided to stay at the intercontinental chicago for my first trip to the city . the staff is very attentive , i felt like i was the only person they had to take care of ! the location is great , right on the magnificent mile and so close to major attractions . my suite was well appointed and very clean . i even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn ' t find any . the hotel is very luxurious . the sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable . the next time i travel to chicago , i will definitely stay at the intercontinental again . 
no excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner . i wouldn ' t expect a cold shower at a budget hotel , let alone an omni . great location and the bar is nice . 
we stayed at this hotel for a conference . the lobby and the conference areas were immaculate . the restaurants ( one of which was shula ' s steakhouse ) and bars were great . the saff was exteremely helpful . the rooms left a lot to be desired . . . our nonsmoking room smelled of smoke . the a c system was ancient and tempermental , and the bathroom was old and in need of a makeover . it was surprising to see since the physical plant was so nice . we would choose , however , to stay elsewhere . espcially for the money we paid . 
last week i stayed at the hilton chicago for N days and N nights and i was very pleased with the experience . as soon as i approached the front desk , i knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous . they had given me a list of local attractions such as the museum of science and industry , the broadcast museum , the ford center for the performing arts and willis tower . i stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed , a N inch television , non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities . the indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track . eating in the area is not a problem as the hilton chicago is home to kitty o ' sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic irish fare . in conclusion , i had a wonderful time staying here and i can not wait to plan my return trip to the hilton chicago . 
i never thought i ' d be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home . i am a mother of two children , one of which has severe asthma and allergies . i have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years . so when my sister was getting married in chicago , i was extremely anxious . the front desk associate , rosa , was wonderful . she told me that they have allergy friendly rooms . no perfumes , no harsh cleaning chemicals , no dreaded ' industry standard ' feather pillows . i booked a room , but was still really worried . i shouldn ' t have been . ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home . maybe even a little better . they had an air purification system for our room . it smelled so fresh ! while my husband took our daughter to the big bar for nachos ( she never stopped talking about how ' totally cool ' it was ) , i ordered room service for my son . the man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating . my son has a lot of food allergies , so i was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details . that ' s always a little humbling , but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time . i was actually able to enjoy my sister ' s wedding . the only problem with my stay is that it was too short . we ' re coming back for our first family vacation since ethan was born . thank you , hyatt regency chicago , for making this family ' s visit possible and positive ! ! 
i went to the homewood suites in chicago which is part of hilton ' s famous hotels . i gotta say that this is the worst hotel that i have ever been to . in fact , homewood suites is the worst hotel on the face of this planet . i checked out the rooms and their rooms look like the hotel was built in bad shape . in fact , the rooms looked so bad that i wanted to leave the hotel early . i also got to check out the employees who worked for this hotel . i saw one of the employees and when i rung the bell for my room , they ignored me . how could a hotel have the worst service when they are supposed to not ignore you ? one more thing that i hate about this hotel is that the logo didn ' t look like the actual logo . it looked more like the logo was changed to look more like something a baby could draw . i ' ll never go to this hotel again and it won ' t even be in a million years for that matter . this is a hotel that i will never recommend to anyone because of everything the hotel has to offer . 
my family and i stayed at the hyatt on wacker dr . on march N , N . we were excited about the great price we got for your N-star hotel through priceline . unfortunately , we were not impressed . in the past , we have stayed at the hyatt in downtown san diego for spring break on the marina , but chose to stay closer to home this year . the room was not clean to our standards when we arrived , even though we paid for an upgrade . we asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after . upon our return , nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so i can only assume , it wasn ' t even checked as promised . we only had N towels for the N of us and had to call for more . they were promptly delivered but room service took N minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice ! the curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming , the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it , the honor bar fridge was gouged and dirty , too ! the mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all . . . . there were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well . very disappointing to say the least . i have buyer ' s remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds ! we were compensated for our upgrade - N . N but given the price of parking , taxes , and etc . at this point i wouldn ' t recommend this hyatt to anyone . my husband travels and uses his hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your N-star hotel . i felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility . 
my friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in chicago . lets just say we were thankful we didn ' t have to spend much time in the room . the carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way . the furniture was worn and outdated . the place was gross and just wasn ' t worth the money we spent on it . the only redeeming quality was the door man , we was very nice and helpful . 
i stayed in on of the james one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in chicago visiting my daughter . the pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities i forgot to pack and left them in my room for me . later in the week i treated myself to an asha massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services . afterward i smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed i ' d been in years . my room was clean and modern , yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding . i ' ll certainly be staying with them again in the future . 
i stayed at the the conrad chicago hotel last winter with my family and i couldn ' t be happier with are choice . the staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home . i loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city . 
well located and well staffed . the amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay . it lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by . free continental breakfast and evening cocktail . 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers in december of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever . first , when i went to check in , i was completely ignored by the staff , they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in . when i got to my room , all the way on the Nrd floor , the room was dirty and had not been cleaned . so back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room . i went back to check and the new room was dirty also . there were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom . it appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean . all i can say is yuck ! my next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room again ! extremely poor customer service and gross rooms . i felt like i was staying at a N a night roach motel , not the N a night sheraton . my advise is to stay away . 
for the price , you would think this would be a top quality hotel , but it was nowhere close . service at check-in was slow and unfriendly . the room was even worse . it was small , dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though i had requested a non-smoking room . the cover on the bed was stained , there was hair all over the bathroom floor , and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall . everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel . i also didn ' t appreciate having to pay for wifi , when other premium hotels offer it for free . overall , this was one of the worst hotels i have stayed at in a long time , and considering the price , it was terrible . 
after arriving at the sofitel chicago water tower hotel i was greeted with rudeness and snubery . my room reservations had been double booked , and instead of the suite i expected , i was given a much smaller guest room . instead of having a concierge i had cockroaches . the dining left me wishing for fast food . the bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer . 
just back from N night stay at omni and would thoroughly recommend it . staff bent over backwards to assist in anything , no matter how minute . great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my Nyo daughter . if i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges , taxes etc for room service , bar and restaurant , but where is cheap these days ? would definitely recommend it , especially for families . 
during my stay at the hilton chicago it has been quite unpleasant . how so you might ask ? well ill tell you , the towels where scratchy and the service was terrible and by terrible i mean they weren ' t even at the desk when i checked in . also , when i ordered my breakfast , lunch , and dinner from room service i received the wrong order for all meals and felt a little sick after lunch . finally , the bill was charging me for stuff i didn ' t want or ask for . but overall the hotel was very bad and unpleasant for me and others . i give it a half a star . 
this is my new favorite place to stay in downtown chicago , and i ' ve been to this hotel at least N times . the rooms are clean , wonderfully designed and comfortable . the staff is friendly , service focused - and the restuarant is great , especially for the breakfast fruit crepes . love this hotel . it ' s a great location , very good and consistent service and quality . 
i am usually a big fan of kimpton hotels , but this place is awful ! ! ! i would rate it poor from the moment we arrived to the moment we left . it is an old , dark and damp hotel that they slapped a coat of paint on to make it look more ' botique ' . the carpets are dirty , and tattered patrons are walking around the lobby in their barefeet . yuck ! ! ! the bathrooms are tiny , and the floors look like they have a layer of flith on them . when we called down to the desk to ask for them to be cleaned , we were brushed off and told they were made to look that way . we woke up on the first morning to find multiple wads of gum on the lobby table . we told the front desk , called housekeeping , and then called the front desk again . . finally after several hours someone came and cleaned the gum . the elevators are slow , and often only one is working at any given time . i did not find the staff to be friendly at all , except for one waiter breakfast . what a disappointment ( 
the omni is in a fabulous location on michigan avenue . within just blocks are all types of stores , including saks , nordstroms , h m , filenes basement , macys , la perla , apple , bloomingdates . . . . . i could go on and on ! the room itself was fabulous . comfortable , nice big flat screen tvs , nice sized bathroom . they charge for wi-fi , but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration . we got this hotel for N night through priceline and felt it was a terrific deal ! 
i walked into this beautiful hotel and knew that i would have a wonderful stay in chicago . after walking around the city all day , i was always excited to relax in this cleanly and superbly comforting place . the service was friendly and i especially liked the location . what a treat ! 
when i arrived at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago i was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in . this was not the chicago i was hoping for . in addition to that , it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website . the paint was faded and chipped , there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of . after we waited for N minutes at the front desk , someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name . after a long trip , i ' m sure you know how aggravating that was . finally i got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation . once we got to our room , it was very small , smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood . also , as we were walking to the room in the hallway , a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place . to top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night . all we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask . it was a nightmare . oh yeah , and the shower did have any hot water . we complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week . when we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted . 
i stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in chicago for N nights . i must say , i was not impressed . this is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill . to start with , the hotel lobby was totally gaudy . it had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and i guess was supposed to give an air of style . the room was ok i suppose , but certainly not worth the premium price i paid for it . the hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing french cuisine , but the food , while arranged nicely , tasted unremarkable and again , was overpriced . my final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible . it is simply not worth it . 
after reading good reviews about i booked a N night stay . checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we ' d have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for N teens . they somehow had us booked for two rooms instead . got that sorted out and arrived around N pm . checked in and waited for our luggage . . . finally went down and got it ourselves . the room was a little grungy , furniture shabby , and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover . ewww . called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me . fyi it ' s kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel . next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn ' t work . called for a replacement , waited a while , called again and was brought another iron which also didn ' t work . third time was a charm . oh boy . too bad we paid in advance . won ' t be staying here again . 
during my latest business trip , both me and my wife recently stayed at the omni chicago hotel in chicago , illinois , at one of their deluxe suites . unfortunately , and i think i speak for both of us , we were not fully satisfied with the hotel . the hotel advertises luxury-level accommodations , and while the rooms resemble what one can see in the pictures , the service is certainly sub-par . when one plans a stay at such an establishment , they expect a service that goes beyond having fresh towels in the bathroom when they check in . first of all , the air-conditioning in the room seemed to be in need of a new filter and when it was first turned on , the air coming out seemed musty . second of all , the fitness center was only open until N N pm . for people who like to exercise after dinner , this can certainly be a problem . especially considering that it does not take much to have the fitness center available around the clock or until midnight . for these , as well as other similar reasons , i would not recommend this hotel , if one is looking for luxury accommodations . 
avoid the talbot , especially for group functions . my in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests . they were lured in by promises from the talbot , that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide ' special , personal treatment ' . nothing could have been further from the truth . they failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception , they persistently confused reservation requests , they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests , his wife , and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight . now the worse part . mistakes are made , even hotel managers are human , but where a hotel , which is supposed to be in the hospitality service , can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error . case in point i had requested on several occasions when i made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card , all expenses , they assurred me that this would be no problem . of course , when my brother , his wife , and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn ' t let them check in until they physically saw my card . . . again despite them having my card on record , and despite my explaining this to them over the phone . my brother recalls the ' indignation ' of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card . then another guest , in this case my older brother , came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby . when i finally was able to get across town , leaving a cubs game early , i again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account . again they agreed , but never did anything about it . in the end when my older brother checked out on sunday he was told everything was alright , but when he went to his atm his account was frozen from ' unathorized overuse ' . the hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained . when he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events . i spent sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on monday , the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone , calling the talbot , the credit card fraud division , my brother , etc trying to solve this situation . the most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager , who at one point suggested that ' i was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters ' . . . . this was a witnessed event , and her insinuation was that i was lying , and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake . in the end , there is no one running this place . . . managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail . when i was finally able to get the name of the general manager ( after two days ) m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back . the communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant . fortuneatly the staff at the signature room ( where we had the reception ) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost , but the the talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests . try the ambassador east ( same neighborhood ) cheaper , much more professional staff . 
i stayed at the allegro hotel while interviewing for a position in chicago . i read the reviews and they were mixed , but since the property was suggested by the organization ( due to location ) , i booked a room . true to the reviews , the room was extremely small , was cold ( the heater blew in cold air in -N degree weather ) , and just generally uncomfortable . there was no closet so i hung my suit on the doorknob of the door of the adjoining room . the bathroom was extremely small and although tidy , not especially clean ( it was dusty ) . the bed ( which was supposed to be a queen but was really a full ) was quite low and the sheets were hard . because i arrived late , i ordered room service . there was so little space in the room that the wait staff had to approach the desk table sideways . although there is free wireless ( a plus ) , i kept getting kicked out of the system and had to , no lie , reconnect on-line a record N times . finally , to top it all off , the television stopped working just a little before midnight . i was only there for one evening ( not even N hours ) but that was enough for me . this is supposed to be a N star boutique hotel but i ' ve stayed at better N star properties . on the positive side , the staff is nice and friendly , the food is reasonably good , and the lobby is really vibrant . there is a martini bar ( although as i was coming in , a hotel guest was complaining about it being unsually smokey ) that looked interesting . overall though , not the best stay i ' ve had . i won ' t be staying again . 
my daughter and i were in chicago for one night after having attended a three-day conference elsewhere in illinois . we were only in chicago on our way home . we didn ' t know where to stay in chicago , but booked one night at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers based on their ad in the chicago visitors guide . we ' re glad we did ! we enjoyed our stay very much . our room was very comfortable and well appointed and had a wonderful view of the city . that ' s what we wanted--a great view , and we got it . also , the hotel is within walking distance of many attractions and is accessible from the bus stop ( we took the train and bus from the airport into the city and it wasn ' t bad--saved us a lot of money ) . the elevators to our room were fast and quick and there was one always available . we found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating . the only downside for us is that we had only booked one night in chicago . we wish we could have stayed there at the sheraton for at least another night . we would definitely stay there again . 
amalfi hotel in chicago is one of the worst hotels i ' ve ever stayed at . i travel a lot for my job , and it just so happened that this was the hotel the company was paying for . four star hotel ? yeah right ! i wish i could give it negative stars i don ' t even know where to begin . normally with these reviews i try to outline the aspects that stood out , but it ' s just so overwhelmingly bad . anyhow , here it goes to begin with , the customer service stank . you think you ' ve seen rude service people before ? well , this is customer service stuff of nightmares . i had a reservation , but i still had to wait for N minutes ( yes , i counted ) for someone just to pay attention to me . when she did , finally , she was chewing gum . no visible uniform or name tag . clearly didn ' t want to be here . she took one glance at my reservation , didn ' t enter anything into the computer at all , and told me that they couldn ' t accept it , because the date had already passed . what ? the date for the reservation i had written down was that day . i was furious . after a N minute shouting match , and an equally incompetent manager that left me so angry i could scream , they finally , grudgingly accepted my name and reservation into the computer , so that i could book my room . then , there was the room itself . on first glance , it appeared clean , but a closer inspection revealed black mold on the bathroom ceiling , a sink tap that gushed rusty-looking brown water , a minibar which was picked at , the remnants looking like they had been there for several years , and a mattress with a mysteriously disgusting yellow stain on it . the pillowcases also looked yellowed , but i couldn ' t decide if i was beginning to see things , i was already so upset with the place . after an extremely sleepless night of paper walls and neighbors who were , apparently , elephants , i can easily say that i would never go back to that hotel again . ever . not if somebody payed me . 
i was here on business so i needed to get some rest the next day but the walls were so thin that i could here all the carrying on in the neighbors room till N am . this was very beautiful building the room was a lot smaller than i expected and the staff were not very friendly . the person at the front desk had no personality , did not even welcome me to the hotel . all in all i don ' t think i will be back . 
we booked this hotel for an adult weekend away on priceline , paid N which thought was good price for a N in downtown chicago . the location is great . the hotel minimally ok unsure how it gets a N rating . it is old and though clean the decor is definitely jaded and needing a face lift . staff were pleasant and overall it was a good stay . however i would not recommend this hotel . i would rather have paid N and got something more updated - trouble with old it tends to look somewhat seedy and this was true in this case . my suggestion do not book priceline for chicago il and ask for N because this is what you are almost sure to get . . . . . not good enough priceline . ! ! in my opinion . 
 if you are traveling to chicago and need a place to stay , i highly recommend the hotel allegro chicago . it was visiting time visiting chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the hotel allegro . he said they were pet friendly , which was a huge plus . this is because i hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time i travel for business . upon my arrival , i was met with friendly valet who treated me like i was the only customer who mattered . i walked in and saw a hotel like no other i have seen before or after . the lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place i could relax in . after i had entered and checked in , i saw the staircase , which looked like a testament to the staircase in the ' titanic ' . frankly , i was amazed and i had not even entered my room yet . my room was a queen deluxe room and it was amazing . the bed had a blue headboard , which i have never seen before , and the colors worked together so well i seriously contemplated living there . the room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food i ordered . later i wanted to get a drink and i enjoyed it at the bar N , which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel . these are the specifics of my stay , but there is much more to be experienced that i did not mention if you visit the hotel allegro . in summary , they allow pets , the service is amazing , the decoration superb , and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments . what more could a person ask for ? 
it ' s so frustrating when a hotel posts a deal prominently on its website , claiming said deal is available on certain dates . but , when you call to make a reservation based on that deal , they tell you it ' s not available . there are rooms available , but not the deal . then they try to condescendingly tell you they can only sell so many rooms at such a deal . i get that . then just say that on the website . ' here ' s a great deal . . . but only a small number of people will actually get it . ' so much for the great reviews about service . . . i couldn ' t even get past the first phone call without being frustrated and annoyed . bad form , conrad , bad form . 
when you check into a hotel after being stuck in a airport , you areusually not in the best of mood . i , working in a upscale hotel , do encounter many guests checking in who this has happened to . all they want is a friendly face and a smooth check in . the desk clerk who checked me in at this property , did neither . she was short , rude , handed me my keys and walked away . i would never go back to this property due to this . 
-review of the hard rock hotel- i find that the hard rock hotel , located in chicago , has extrodinary scenary . the hotel is extremely clean with shining furniture and the rooms are breathtaking . hungry ? visit this hotel for yourself to see what excellence they provide at the dinner tables . the hotel also host events such as ballet , fun in the bar and a dj to name a few . this hotel is definitely worth your while . i will most definitely visit again . book your reservation as soon as possible and don ' t forget your camera ! 
my wife and i stayed at the allegro this weekend while i was on a business trip . i was very impressed with their hospitality and my wife very much ( maybe too much ) enjoyed the in-house spa . rooms service was a bit slow but , overall great hotel would stay again . 
i think the sofitel chicago water tower is a upscale place . i had my wedding there and it was the best of the best . the staff was so helpful and made me feel confident that my wedding would be a success . the chef prepared a lavish sit down dinner with appetizers and desserts . they also had a wonderful pastry chef who baked my wedding cake . the tables were decorated in very good taste and could not be more perfect . the bar was also set up the way i wanted it and even had a champagne fountain . my guests had a wonderful experience with their stay at the hotel and felt pampered . the rooms were like suites with a mini bar . they had terry cloth bathrobes in each bathroom . if you are looking to have a wedding in the chicago area look into having it here you will not be disappointed ! 
we stayed at the sheraton by navy pier the first weekend of november and were very pleased with the accommodations and the service . we were upgraded to club level rooms and stayed in N and N adjoining . the view from both rooms was spectacular ( as you can tell from the picture attached ) . they also left a plate of cookies and treats in the kids room upon check-in which made us all feel very special . the hotel is central to both navy pier and michigan ave . so we walked , trolleyed , and cabbed all around the area . we ate the breakfast buffet both mornings and thought it was pretty good . the eggs were a little runny , but they happily made a different batch for us at the omelet station . our six year old ate free and our two eleven year olds were N ( instead of the adult N ) the rooms were clean , the concierge reception staff were both friendly and helpful . . . we will definitely visit this sheraton again when we ' re in chicago next time . 
this small boutique hotel is tucked away in a perfect location between the loop and the miracle mile . two blocks west of the wrigley building and so convenient to restaurants , etc . the staff , from doormen to desk folks are extra nice and accommodating . the delicious breakfast on each floor is ultra-convenient , the evening happy hour is more than generous , and the morning paper is welcome . bedding is so comfortable . this is our second stay , and certainly not our last . we love chicago , and this hotel is one of the reasons why . 
on a recent stay at the fairmont chicago millemmium park hotel i was appalled at the service i received at such a supposedly high end hotel . when i arrived i had to wait in the lobby for N minutes before someone came to the front desk to check me in . apparently the desk clerk was on a personal phone call with her boyfriend and just had to know where he was going and who he was with . finally i was given the key to my non-smoking room away from the vending area . much to my chagrin my room was right next to the vending area and i heard other guests going back and forth to the ice machine until nearly midnight . and the room was obviously a room for smokers . the blankets on the bed and the pillows reaked of cigarette smoke . i , of course complained , but was told that was the only room available as they had booked every room for a conference but i was welcome to check out and go to another hotel . after a fitfull night ' s sleep i awoke to children running up and down the hallway . their parents were no where in sight . my shower was cold and had no pressure . i was given two towels one of which had not been laundered . i could not wait to check out and informed the manager on duty of my complaints and told him i would not be recommending this hotel to anyone and would go online to write my review so anyone interested would see it . i cannot understand how such a highly rated hotel could be so far from the mark . 
atrocious . here ' s our story my wife and i are californians but met as students at the university of chicago . to celebrate our Nth anniversary , we decided to travel back to the windy city and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love . when it came to lodging , we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered . we wanted to revisit the city and didn ' t intend to spend very much time in our room . as a result , we didn ' t spend very much time researching hotels . big mistake . our stay at homewood suites could not have been worse . our room , which , i should mention , took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance , was filthy . ( my wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom . ) the staff was rude and indifferent . the chocolates included in the romance package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar . cleaning staff failed to show up . front desk offered apologies but little else . suffice it to say , we checked out early . never before have i seen such a poorly-managed hotel . truly shameful . stay away ! 
my wife and i stayed at the abassador east hotel in august to attend the air and water show in chicago . i called ahead to ensure a sw view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches . upon arrival at the hotel , not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it wasn ' t even a single king as was requested . apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room . the room itself was small and underwhelming . the was not dirty , but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel . the hotel was packed the weekend we visited . the staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd . the concierge and reception desks were continuously busy . the hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits . the main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult ! luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable . we will not be staying at the abassador on future trips . hopefully , current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe . . . 
over all , my trip was great i got to spend time with my best friend . we did some shopping and site seeing . trip was overall great . the only thing was our hotel stay was not up to speed with other luxury hotels i have stayed at . some of the walls had wall paper missing , most of the faucets leaked , there was water stains on the ceiling in the bathrooms , some of the furniture had very visible stains , the fire alarm was coming off the wall in the main bedroom . we stayed in the corner suite on the N floor room N . considering what ones pays for the room you would think the pool would be free and they would not charge for every single small amenity . i do not plan on staying there again . apart from the trip was great ! 
my boyfriend and i wanted to spend a four-day weekend in downtown chicago and do all the touristy things shop the magnificient mile , see shedd aquarium , go to the museum of science and industry . homewood suites was conveniently located near all of these things . it was a luxurious treat of a weekend ! we even swam in their rooftop indoor pool . it was also nice to have the amenities of a suite , so we could prepare our own meals some days . the staff was friendly and courteous ( they even gave me an extra pillow on request ! ) and we would definitely stay there again . 
as others have said , once all the construction works are completed i suspect that the prices this hotel can ( legitimately ) charge will put it out of our price range . which will be a pity because it is an excellent hotel , the location couldn ' t be better . the room was very spacious , with separate sitting study areas a nice bathroom . only N minor points downstairs they were serving a free basic breakfast ( coffee pastries ) , but we only knew of it on our last morning - nobody had mentioned this the cost of internet - N . N - is a bit dear especially when lots of motels now offer it free there was only powered milk in the rooms , which wasn ' t that nice . but none of these really spolied a really enjoyable stay . 
this is a review of a first class hotel the intercontinental chicago . it ' s located on chicago ' s famous magnificent mile near restaurants , shopping , entertainment , and historic landmarks . the service at the hotel is first class and the accommodations are unbeatable . the hotel also features really fabulous amenities including a nice indoor swimming pool , fine dining , a N hour business center , and valet parking . this is a extra ordinary luxury hotel that will make your stay in chicago a joy . they offer a number of options on the rate and have a selection of package deals available . visit their website for a photo gallery and a virtual tour . 
this is a great find for downtown chicago . the price is right and the staff are excellent . as noted , there is construction going on around the hotel , but i didn ' t notice any issues that disturbed sleeping . i asked for a quiet room on an upper floor , and was gladly given one . the lobby is small , the atmosphere is that of a small boutique hotel . the concierge , stephanie did a super job in finding us a restaurant and booking us reservations ( along with a complimentary appetizer ) . we had a standard room , and it was spacious , tastefully decorated--everything we needed . the bathroom had a nice whirlpool tub for soaking--and the mpN compatible radio was a nice perk . just can ' t say enough about how nice the staff are--every single person you meet . would definitely stay here again . 
my fiance and i had taken a trip to chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to downtown , so he chose the amalfi hotel , located conveniently to everything we needed . this place was phenomenal ! ! ! he chose a romantic getaway package , as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever . the hotel is super clean and very chic the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb . we were able to bring along our dog , which was also really important to us . the first day we were there , we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple ' s massage . the masseuses come straight to your room so it ' s really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great . after our massages , we went to the keefer steakhouse , which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic . they do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the rocket grill , which was nice as well . in all , our N nights there were pretty similar , we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there i ' ve recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the windy city . 
amalfi hotel chicago has several factors that make it one of the best hotels in the chicago area and an experience you will not forget in a long time . its proximity to some of the best spots in chicago makes it a visitor ' s delight . it is close to the magnificient mile which is the shopping area , it is also close to the loop , merchandise mart and michigan avenue making it a fantastic location with great layout and it has lots of space . each guest room includes a flat screen hd tv . the beautiful reception has free snacks and drinks even as the hotel provides free breakfast . the N-hour fitness centre is always open for business . the hotel has a no-smoking policy . it also has free internet facilities , room service , air conditioning , laundry drycleaning , multilingual staff to make communication easy , spa services , heating , conference facilities , satelite tv , brailed elevators and pets are allowed . the concierge desk offer the best wine available and i must add that the wine is great . the hotel prides itself in making you feel like royalty . the staff are very pleasant and the door men are always willing to lend a hand . the hotel places priority on cleanliness as the rooms are always clean . the hotel makes it possible for you to relax , go shopping in the best stores which are close-by , eat in some of the best restaurants and party in clubs most of which they have entered into some form patnership . they offer great deals for every type of customer . i would definitely recommend this place . 
the atmosphere at the talbott hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in . the employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive . the hotel seems to be luxurious , even from the lobby , and right away , i was very excited for my stay ! i stayed in a double queen room with my friend . the room is spacious enough , and beds are very comfortable . i didn ' t try the room service , but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa , which is very convenient . i also love how the room has individual climate controls ! very neat ! also handy that there is an ihome in the room . i ' m usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels . i will most likely stay in this hotel another time . it was a wonderful experience ! 
my company booked our group for a conference and sales meeting . the service was friendly , helpful and the property was beautiful . the hotel was clean and filled with history . we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well . 
great location in chicago downtown . the staff is professional and warm . the room is spacious and clean . nice complimentartry breakfast . i will definitely stay here again next time in chicago . 
as a frequent traveler for work , i stay at many spg properties . compared to all the spg property in chicago , this is by far the worst . why ? N ) they charge you to use the gym . N per day or something like N for your entire stay . i can ' t even begin on what a rip off that is . N ) as a gold or platinum member , you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room . they do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one . N ) they do not have wireless internet . it is N- enough said . to charge you at least over N a night , all the above amenities should be built into that cost . i would never stay here again . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago back in july . for a ' luxury ' hotel this place did not meet my expectations . for starters , we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn ' t be ready for at least another hour ! i ' m used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee . since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel ' s restaurants , kitty o ' sheas . well , we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks . once we finally got to our room it was ok , although not great for the price . we had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view , and there were not extra towels as i had requested . we had to call room service twice to receive them , then another two times because our air conditioner wasn ' t working . fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so i could barely use internet on my phone . next time i ' m in the chicago area i won ' t be staying at the hilton . i ' d only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money . 
the ambassador east hotel hello my current visit to the ambassador east hotel . i really enjoy my N day weekend stay at this hotel . this was my first time at the hotel and i reserved a king size suite . inside my room there was nice view of chicago ' s gold coast . i really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation . i could easily relax on my king size bed . i watch hbo on a enormous size flat screen tv for free . also when i did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem . it so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room . after finishing my work i have time to check the complimentary fitness room . lastly i left the next day , i had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their pump room restaurant . overall the ambassador east hotel is a N out N hotel and really worth the stay . 
we stayed at the conrad for N nights for a friends reunion . the room was clean and new feeling , nice city view , free bottled water in room upon arrival . check in was a breeze , and our room was ready even though we were several hours early . all staff was friendly and helpful , excellent breakfast . 
i had to write this review ! my tired body walked through the doors of the fairmont . it felt like i walked through heaven ' s gates , the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly , that i was instantly energized . the front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room . they were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa . . oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible , i took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit ( my very first ) as well as a massage . i was amazed at the size of the meeting conference room that we used for an afternoon . the room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home . the food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as i was after the meeting , instead of room service , i went in , and the food was mouth watering delicious , and the wait staff was very hospitable they take great pride in everything , even the wake up call was friendly . my stay was so great , that i want to go back again soon ! 
thanks sheraton towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently . i did not know that the skyline of chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable . i ' ll be back soon and look forward to a seeing chicago again . 
the conrad chicago hotel had some of the worst service i have ever dealt with . i got the executive room with a king size bed . when i got in , the sheets were stained with some type of chocolate or mud . i called down to front desk and it took them an hour to come up and change them for me . they have a pillow menu which i tried to select from but they were out of over half of them . the ipod dock was not working either . also , the room service servers were very short with me and delivered my food luke warm . this hotel is the worst in chicago and i would never recommend going there ! 
my husband and i recently stayed stayed at the hilton chicago and it was a horrible experience . when we arrived , the front desk clerk was on the phone on what sounded like a personal call and didn ' t even acknowledge us for at least five minutes . when we got to our room i went to lay on the bed and noticed a black hair on the pillow . i ' m am very paranoid about hotels being dirty , so i pulled back the sheets and moved all the pillows around and noticed several more hairs . i called for some new sheets which they said they would send right up but it actually took nearly N minutes . the second night we were there we decided to try the irish pub in the hotel called kitty o ' sheas because my husband loves pub food . we had the shepherd ' s pie which was awful . it was watery and had no flavor and it was not cheap ! our server seemed annoyed when we complained and did not offer it to be taken off the check . while we had a great trip to chicago , the hilton was definitely not a highlight of our trip . overall , we had rude service , a dirty room and bad food . spend your money elsewhere 
my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york . the room was very spacious and clean , the bed was huge and extremely comfortable . i really liked the aveda bathroom products , great smell . we had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot . compliments to the chef . the concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to navy pier , directions were given to us accompanied by a map . the weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show , this was spectacular . the whole of the last day of the show we spent at navy pier and the millenium park . location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping . if we are ever in chicago again we will definately stay here . 
what a fabulous hotel ! from its location directly on the magnificant mile and surrounded by the finest shopping , to the curtious staff and excellent restaurants and bars , this hotel is one of the best in chicago . our room was very clean and fresh , the public areas comfortable and the staff at the concierge and front desk very extremely helpful . this is the only place to stay to be in the cnetre of the action in chicago . highly recommended ! 
although the architecture of the hotel is quaint , that is about the only positive of this terible hotel . the guest services were unhelpful at best , and the inbuilding resturaunts were unsanitary and untasteful . and as for the rooms , small , cramped , and it seemed as if the sheets hadn ' t been cleaned in the last N years . my stay here was distasteful , and i never intend to return , except to ask for my money back . 
whatever you do , do not stay at the homewood suites in downtown chicago . i made that mistake , and it was terrible ! the bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job . our room was only ' cleaned ' twice in a week ' s stay , and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it . they didn ' t even empty the trash cans ! as for the ' in-suite ' kitchen , it was awful . we were hoping to save money by cooking in our room , but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty , greasy microwave ? it seemed a better idea to eat out , and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food . i didn ' t hear good things about their breakfast offerings , anyways . if i were you , i ' d avoid this place like the plague . i know i ' m certainly never going back ! 
my wife and i decided to spend three days in chicago last summer , and booked via expedia . when we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its ' beauty . it ' s like something out of europe . we were able to get a free room upgrade , even though the rooms are still a bit small , but its ' an old hotel in an old city . it ' s there for sleeping and showering . the restaurants , lounges , and shops were all wonderfull . the next time we travel to chicago , i ' ll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the palmer house hilton 
when my boyfriend and i checked into our room at the omni chicago , we were irritated to see that the bed looked rumpled , as if kids had been jumping on it . that was just the first of our ' issues ' . the glasses in the bathroom had lipstick smears on them , and i saw a ( dead-thank goodness ! ) roach behind the toilet . we were given the hotel night stay by a friend , so we decided to just deal with it . we ordered some munchies from the kitchen , and the chips were stale , and the dip smelled sour . after coming back from the convenience store with beer and some fresh munchies , we were able to enjoy our stay--but i would not recommend this place to anyone ! 
my husband and i stayed here for three nights while visiting chicago as tourists . what a beautiful hotel ! our room was lovely , the staff was super helpful and the location was convenient . they don ' t have an in house gym , but each day you can get a day pass to a cushy gym down the street . the restaurant in the hotel has a very yummy breakfast . the concierge helped us to make dinner reservations at the last minute our first night there . we were able to walk down the magnificent mile from our hotel , as well as through the gold coast and old towne neighborhoods . there are tons of great restaurants in the area ( including the famous gibsons and the signature room in the hancock tower ) as well as lots of shopping . there is currently a lot of construction going on near the talbott ( they are building condos right behind it ) , but regardless we had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay there again when visiting chicago . 
the hotel is located in an hard to fins location in chicago , the dining room for dinner is uncomfortably crowded , the room service is hard to reach , overall it was not a pleasant hotel stay . 
will start by saying the employees were wonderful , especially in the restaurant bar employees , could not have been nicer . . . . . what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond . . . . unfortunately , that ' s where it ends ! the rooms , in my opinion , appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty . . . you know , uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area . . . the first room i was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window ! ! i kid you not they seemed as if they were about N-N ft from my window ! ! and this was after i specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view . . i was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly , again . . . just worn out ! ! ! not a N star hotel , this seemed to be closer to a N , perhaps being extremely kind N star . . . i travel on business so i know the difference . . . i merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand ! i complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit , she made sure the door was fixed asap . they gave me a bottle of wine to compensate . . which i utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next N days . . . . i wanted to give omni a shot . . . big mistake . . . unfortunately , brought a friend with me to show her how great chicago was and i was soooo embarrassed , as i had chosen the hotel . . . she was extremely disappointed as well . . . should have gone with my first instinct which was the conrad ! ! lesson learned ! 
my husband and i stayed in the hilton chicago and had a very nice stay ! the rooms were large and comfortable . the view of lake michigan from our room was gorgeous . room service was really good and quick , eating in the room looking at that view , awesome ! the pool was really nice but we didnt get a chance to use it . great location for all of the downtown chicago attractions such as theaters and museums . very friendly staff and knowledgable , you cant go wrong staying here . 
i am a fan of kimpton hotels , however i have never experienced top service as i did at the hotel allegro . even before my visit , concierge mark kraemer advised us on things to see , and booked tickets in advance to second city . we were welcomed warmly on arrival , and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel . all the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience . the hotel is next to city hall , where i had some business . we had a large quiet room , and used room service-the meal came quickly , and included a a bonus fruit cup . enjoyed the pasta night ( N dollars for a three course meal ) at the N restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful , the main pasta a bit too salty . and that is the only complaint i can make-from start to finish , if you want attentive service , this is the place to be . thank you , hotel allegro , for a great stay . i can ' t wait to return . 
i arrived here at about Npm after a flight from california . i didn ' t know about the renovation when i made the reservations , but that didn ' t bother me very much . i was helped by a man at the front desk named ben , who was friendly enough , but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay . he gave me no information about anything . i had no idea where breakfast was served , or even if there was breakfast . there was also an extremely unpleasant woman working behind the desk ( she wasn ' t wearing a name tag but was african american , slim with short hair ) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility . it made me very uncomfortable and needless to say , made me feel unwelcome . i actually felt like i was putting her out by staying in the hotel . i encountered her again the next morning when i had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit , and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness . i also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners . no matter what may be going on in one ' s life , when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile . i was appalled by her demeanor . my room was alright , there was no clock which i found very odd . since i came from a different time zone my computer and phone had N different times and i was constantly confused as to which one was correct , especially upon waking up in the morning . it would have been nice to have a clock . there was also no literature on local sites , maps , restaurant menus , or even anything with the hotel ' s name and address in the room . also , the mattress was the absolute worst mattress i ' ve ever slept on in my life . i woke up every morning with a sore back and neck . i ' ve had better sleep on a hard , lumpy futon . it was absurd . like another person posted , my tub did not drain either , and i was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found . maybe they were around somewhere , but i wasn ' t made aware of it at check-in , and i didn ' t want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like i was a burden to the employees . the hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance , but i absolutely would not stay here again . i ' ve had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel , which was a bummer because it was my first visit to chicago and i had pretty high expectations . 
i ' ve stayed at several different hotels in chicago but the james is the best . everything i need is in walking distance and i find it very convenient to stay there . the staff at the concierge desk is so polite and offers assistance willingly . the room has always been very clean . the bed linens are better that the nice sheets i have on my own bed . thankfully i don ' t have to search around for somewhere to stay when i travel there as i ' ve found my favorite . 
the amalfi hotel advertises itself as a ' luxury boutique hotel ' and as such i expected my experience there to be somewhat better than average . unfortunately , this was not the case . the room i booked was not clean in particular the bathroom looked as if someone had done a very minimal amount of cleaning after the last guest . there was hair in the corners of the room leading me to think the floor had not been swept or cleaned . in addition , although the room was supposed to be a non-smoking room , i could still detect the odor of cigarette smoke . i will say that the staff was courteous and the hotel is very well situated in terms of the many restaurants , sites and shops all within walking distance . however , given the cost of the room and my experience with the cleanliness of the room , i would not stay at the amalfi hotel again . 
the affinia chicago is a wonderful place to stay , my husband and i stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time . the rooms were very well organized and comfortable , the staff there are very friendly , and the food there is more then amazing . we are defiantly going back next year . 
i recently had a horrible stay at the intercontinental hotel in chicago . when i first arrived i was impressed with the architecture and location , but things went downhill in a hurry . the front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though i had reserved a room with two queen beds , they told me that ' only king bed rooms were available at the time ' , and there was nothing they could do about it . the room itself was a nightmare . it smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement . there was also a huge problem with my television , in that it would automatically turn itself off every N minutes or so . i complained about these problems , but very little was done . the hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets , but the quality was only marginally improved . overall i was very disappointed with my stay at the intercontinental hotel in chicago . from the pictures i had seen online i had expected a wonderful hotel , but what i actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel . 
this is an absolutely gorgeous hotel . we had an amazing view of the city , especially at night . our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds . there was a desk and chair , large bathroom , comfortable chair and reading lamp . there was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker , that included starbucks coffee . we would definitely come back again ! 
traveled to this hotel on a family vacation . we chose this hotel because it was pet friendly . upon arrival we smelled just how pet friendly it was ! the dog that greets you attacked my dog . there was constant barking throughout the night and during breakfast , i found hair in my eggs ! i would not recommend this hotel ! 
at check in , the girl gave us a smoking room . we asked for nonsmoking . i had to get another room . it was by the elevators . loud ! really loud ! . the new room didn ' t have a shower door . so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet . the public transportation is amazing . you don ' t need a car in chicago . you can get anywhere by train or bus . it ' s fast too . area recommendations chicago is great ! good shopping , good food ( ginos east ! ! ! ) and great bars . the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool ! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i ' ve ever seen ! 
the james hotel is located close to everything in chicago , the miracle mile , pizza house uno , rush street , the water tower everything . we walked everywhere because everything was close by . the rooms are very modern and a little on the small side . but the bed was very comfortable , very ! the service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely . all service was very fast and through . the lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it , the bar service was good . the drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar . i got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of N days was just over N . N for a N star hotel that ' s cheap . due to the location , price and service i may stay there again . but i think my next trip may take me to trump ' s hotel in chi town . the james is a good stay . the doorman at the hotel are great ! always pleasent , with a smile and very good service . 
the rooms were beautiful ! the staff was friendly and helpful . i love where the conrad in chicago was located , it seemed to be close to a lot of places i wanted to visit . chicago was great , and the conrad hotel made my family and my stay that much more exceptional ! 
the location of the hotel is great , right on the river and michigan ave . almost everything is within walking distance . at the price , though , and given the N star hotel , we expected better walls . our room was connected to other rooms on both sides by locked doors . the sound from both rooms came in loud and clear . we heard our one neighbor making business deals on his phone ( he clearly wasn ' t speaking loudly ) , and the other neighbors up at midnight yelling and screaming when they came back drunk . we asked them to be quiet ( i shouldn ' t have expected that to work with some young drunks ) then called security , but they did nothing . i was completely annoyed with the noise , especially in an expensive business hotel such as this one . unless you are in chicago to party , get drunk , and not get any sleep , i wouldn ' t stay here . 
i am often traveling on business and i always try to stay at the james . the modern design of the lobby and restaurant with wood and glass creates a luxurious atmosphere and the streamlined , comfortable room design give an upscale aesthetic like that of a penthouse loft apartment . the availability of computers and coffee in the james ' business centers means i do not have to lug my laptop around the hotel . the james provides the perfect setting for business travelers and is a cozy place to retire to in the evenings . the ease of breakfast service in the rooms means that i do not have to stress or rush , as my time is valuable . i love the james . 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel for a total of three days , and through out my stay i had a wonderful time . the room was impeccably clean , as well as the pillows and sheets . the beds were large and extremely comfortable . the staff though , in my honest opinion , is what made my stay so pleasant . from the people at the check in , to the waiters at the restaurant , i got the best customer service . the hotel was also conveniently located . it was within walking distance to the shopping center . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying at around the area in chicago . 
this place was absolutely foul . from the minute i walked in , i knew making a reservation here was a mistake . the person at the counter would barely make eye contact with me and acted like i was asking a huge favor of them in order to check in . the room we requested ( a room with double beds ) was not available . they told me that when i made the reservation , requesting double beds was a ' request ' and not a ' guarantee . ' what ' s the point of making a reservation , then ? when we got to the room , the room was totally gross . the decor was dated , the carpet was torn in spots and the whole place smelled musty and almost moldy . the bathroom had spots and stains all over it . i hesitate to think of the true cleanliness of the sheets . the ' complimentary ' fitness area was a joke . one broken treadmill and a couple of mismatched dumbbells . thanks but no thanks . we will definitely not return . 
i really enjoyed staying at this hotel . the separated living room and bedroom made it feel like i was renting a nice furnished apartment instead of a hotel room . the kitchen was a comfort since i could prepare a meal for myself if i wished , and the refrigerator and microwave was a must since i never finish my meals when i go out to eat . i felt more at ease here rather than the detatched feeling i have with most hotels . i would recommend staying at this hotel if you want to feel comfortable and welcome in a sophisticated atmosphere . 
i recently stayed at the amalfi chicago with my wife on a business trip . we decided to combine business with pleasure and made a long weekend out of our stay after business was concluded . we enjoyed the luxurious in-room spa service and stayed in the superb one bedroom suite with incomparable views of the surrounding city . the individualized attention from check-in to reservations was exceptional and better than what we usually receive from concierge service . the amalfi actually delivered what they promised and more . our weekend was more relaxing and enjoyable due to the excellent training of the staff and the amenities offered on site . the hotel ' s design is modern and sophisticated with the decor being a delight to the senses . lots of color and clean lines made a great impression and felt both modern and comfortable . breakfast is served on each floor or in room and my wife especially appreciated the availability of the fresh fruit and yogurt . being of european descent , i enjoyed the croissants , whole grain muffins , real butter and marmalade . we also brought along our standard poodle , sterling , and the amalfi is one of the few luxury hotels that allow for pet accommodations and understand that your pet is part of the family . we purchased the pet pamper package and this allowed sterling to have his days while we had ours and we reunited in the evenings . sterling slept in our room as usual at the foot of our bed and this contributed to our feeling ' at home ' while away . for pet lovers this is a big plus . finally , transportation to and from our corporate jet was arranged with ease by the hotel so we did not bring an assistant with us on this trip to handle these arrangements as is normal . this allowed us a bit more privacy and it is scarce for us to be able to do this , another appreciated bonus of our stay . thank you amalfi for a superb experience . 
dissapointed with my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park . when i looked at its web site i was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and i to spend time in , when not gazing the ' sites ' in chicago . boy was i wrong , when i first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk . finally , after about N minutes , i was approached with no apology for my wait . while trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room i originally requested was occupied , i was given a less spacious room , one bed for my wife and i to share with the kids , and was told they would voucher my meals that day . my wife and i love sushi so we figured we use it on that . when we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar . worst display of customer service i have ever received and will never stay there again . 
we stayed at the beautiful millennium knickerbocker hotel located in scenic downtown chicago . it was close to shopping , local attractions like the shedd aquarium and even the navy pier . the hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages , which i took advantage of as any woman ( or man ) should ! a continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee , unless purchased with a package deal , in their own upscale restaurant , nix ! we would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family ! 
the omni was chosen for it ' s location whichworked out perfectly . the bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean . . . until . . . i sat down in the tub . . . there was black mold in the soap holder , in the cracks on the walls between the tile , all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl . needless to say i drained the tub and took a shower . . . i really don ' t care for showers . oh yes . . . the toilet leaked as well . . . the staff were very helpful but i was disappointed . i travel extensively and don ' t think i will return . we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken , so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel , printed the presentation and delivered it to our room . they try ! we booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the Nth floor with a view of the windows of another building . . . but we weren ' t there too much . 
i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago , il . from the start , the experience was bad . the room was filthy , there were no towels , and the front desk did nothing to rectify the situation . i will never stay there again . i could not have been more dissatisfied . 
having had a great stay at the monaco last fall with friends , i was disappointed ( initially ) to arrive on saturday with husband and find that they didn ' t have our quikbook made reservation in their system and they had no rooms available for sat . eve . but they immediately took responsibility for their mistake by doing the following found us a nice room at the neighboring swissotel and paid for it ! gave us cab fare to get the N blocks over there . paid for our valet parking N that eve . so naturally when they asked if we were interested in returning for sunday eve ( when they did have room ) , we said yes . when we returned , they gave us a corner suite with jacuzzi tub for our N quikbook rate ! now that ' s what i call a recovery ! ! 
last week , i booked a ' deluxe suite ' at the omni chicago hotel for a weekend stay in chicago . i took the ' retreat and relax ' package deal . the wait to check in was intolerably long , because they were letting some people check in with a dog . i ' m allergic to dogs , and i ' m sure its fur and dander got spread all over the room they were in . they insisted on escorting me to to my room , every time i came in , like i was going to break into another guest ' s room or something . i swear , anytime i was out of my room they were watching me like hawks , asking me if i needed anything . you know that the only time anyone does that is when they think you ' re up to something . i went to the pool , but it was full of screaming children . when i went to bed , i could hear the television in the next room through my wall . and what ' s worse , they wouldn ' t even let me smoke in the privacy of my room to relieve the stress . they threatened to throw me out on the street , after i gave them hundreds of my hard earned dollars ! i had to go outside-- probably where the dog went to piddle-- to do it . also , their on-site restaurant is too expensive , given that you ' re already paying an arm and a leg for the room . the food should be free ! i wouldn ' t stay here again , it was a waste of my money . 
a disappointment to say the least . i have heard rave after rave about hotel allegro and was super excited when our brother-in-law gave us an american express gift card that we decided to use for a night out ! i called hotel allegro and made the reservation for a saturday night . the person who took the reservation was very sweet and assured me that there would be no problem using the gift card , since they do indeed take american express . i couldn ' t wait to get there ! we arrive at hotel allegro at about N N on saturday afternoon . me , the tourist , i am already taking pics of the sign out front and trying to get a sneek peak of the ballroom set up for a wedding . we get in the line to check in . i give them the gift card and my check card . they tell me that neither one will work because they are charging the cards for not only the room rate , but for incidentals as well . we give them a credit card instead . while in line checking in , we hear complaint after complaint from other guests and i start to wonder what our experience is going to be like . the guy at the front desk is on the radio with the bell-man . someone ' s luggage has been lost . he desk clerk snaps at the bell-man for the entire line to see . not impressed . we get to our little shoebox of a room that i was so disappointed to see . the rooms on the website looked glorious ! my bedroom at home is nicer than this tiny room . the sink is too small - water splashes everywhere even as evident by the water all over the floor when we got into our room . yuck . we stay the night and go to check out in the morning . again , i give them the american express gift card . the clerk says ' their system usually doesn ' t take them ' . i tell him that i called to confirm that their system would take it on friday . he swipes the card and bam ! it works ! what do you know ? ? he was so rude . i will not stay at hotel allegro again , nor would i recommend it to anyone . such a disappointment ! 
i valeted my lexus and it was returned with a smashed side mirror . they admitted it was their fault , and now they won ' t pay the N to fix it because we can ' t prove it was not broken before ! ! ! the hotel is wonderful , the rooms are new and nice , but we will never stay here again because of this . . . . be sure to inspect your car before you leave ! 
after a one night stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago i must say that while i loved chicago i will never go back to this hotel . the problems started in the parking lot , yup before i even got in . there was very little parking available and the area was filled with garbage , broken glass and kids hanging out looking for trouble . upon first entrance the hotel seemed nice but all that changed as we got into the elevator to go up to the room . the elevator made all kinds of noise and the door slammed shut on my arm as i was trying to get the bags out . the hall smelled of smoke and the carpets were warn and dirty looking . when in the room we found that one of the curtains would not pull closed , the heater whistled and when i called the front desk to ask for assistance and fresh pillows i was hung up on . this was only the beginning of our terrible stay . guests where in the hall and banging on walls all night long . the maids started running vacuums before N am and seemed to feel that the best way to do it was by hitting the vacuum on the wall with each pass . we could not check out soon enough ! we called around and found another hotel to stay in for the remainder of our trip . 
the room wasvery tiny and was very warm . they give you the illusion that you control the temperature but they do . the bathroom is small . the tub is plastic retro fit as stated in another review , and does crackle under your feet . i , personally , did find the water pressure to be fine and the bath ammenities to be of good quality . the public areas are nice and are good to hang out in . this is basically an old hotel that has been updated . the comment about the closet is true , it is actually indescriable . you can hear everything occuring in the other rooms . the location is convienent but so are many other hotels . if you do stay , fly into midway , take the orange line , you cannot go wrong . 
my wife and i recently stayed at the hotel monaco in chicago and , after our experience there , we will not be returning . with a hotel that markets itself as ' luxury , ' we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck . we were disappointed , to say the least . first of all , we stayed in the king deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small . the space was used poorly - my wife and i could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space . the decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality . although they said our room woudl be ready at N , we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready . although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology , they didn ' t seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused . the noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight . the hotel would not move us to a different room . all in all , i felt that we paid N . N for a luxury hotel and got a N motel N . we will definitely not be back anytime soon . 
i stayed affinia for one night on a purpose not to drive all the way from nw suburbs to women ' s hospital oir my surgery . few things i really didn ' t enjoy - i could hear noise from outside all night long as well as inside noise from slamming doors . no noise insulation at all ! very dusty between window frames ( i understand - cars , pollution ) but it looked like it wasn ' t cleaned for a very long time . one more thing really made me upset - broken blinds on a right side . i was unable to pull them down to enjoy my sleep time . . . we didn ' t notice the problem until very-very late . the affinia hotel serving tourists and guests of chicago as well as northwestern hospital patients and their families - which really need extra privacy and comfort ! strange but every hotel i stayed was supplied with the sealed roll of toilet paper . affinia didn ' t even offer that . looked like someone used a bathroom right after it was taking care of by a cleaning lady ! neither toilet paper nor toilet seat were sealed for us to use ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! hopefully , no more surgeries for me . . . won ' t stay this place for leisure - even with discount ! 
stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful . the staff were relatively friendly , but that ' s where the positive aspects stop . bed was rock hard and very uncomfortable . thermostat didn ' t work properly and the air conditioner was always N degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted . even though i think N for N day of internet is ridiculous , i bought it because i needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails . it was ungodly slow and barely better than dialup . i ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so i could actually get something done . minibar was overpriced , as expected . awful experience , definitely wouldn ' t stay here again . 
i stayed three nights recently at the hilton homewood suites- downtown chicago . overall i can ' t rate this establishment highly . the person at the front desk was disorganized- and took over N minutes even to find my reservation . once i finally got my key , the desk person just thrust the keycard at me like she was happy to be rid of me . it didn ' t get any better when i got to my suite . the bed was poorly made , and i found a couple of long blonde hairs on one of the pillows . the room was very stuffy , and i swear might have even had a vague pet smell . my shower was not very clean- notable hard water stains on the shower door , and the bathroom sink had a small continuous drip . also , the carpets didn ' t seem fresh and even had high traffic dirt noticable . i also visited their small gym workout area and was disappointed there also . it had limited equipment that was in poor repair . the floor in there was even slippery , which made it a definite trip hazard . while the indoor pool looked good , as i dipped into it , the water felt a bit slimy and did not have a good smell . all in all , the amenities , the unfriendly service , and the sub-standard cleanliness makes this hotel one i would definitely not recommend to anyone . when that is paired with their sky high room rates , it ' s just not a place that should earn any repeat guests . 
fairmont chicago was a great choice for my wife and i . we couldn ' t resist the elegant aria restaurant and the accommodations . the room was impeccably clean and the city view was utterly amazing . from the moment we checked in , the staff produced a positive atmosphere with genuine hospitality . my wife even suggested we should have had our wedding reception in their beautiful ball room . overall , i would rate fairmont chicago a N N ! 
i had a great time here ! it is centerally located in chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent . the staff was amazing and very helpful ! parking was a bit steep , but to be expected . the room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable . the yoga mat rental was wonderful as well ! wonderful and relaxing experience overall . 
truly a tattered run down facility that you should avoid . rooms are small , dirty , and in no way represents the web sites representations . staff is poorly trained and a very big disappointment . at best it is a N star facility ands with so many options in chicago , ' please ' avoid this one . i had no choice to stay here as a client booked the rooms . 
this was a great hotel , one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time . my wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we couldn ' t believe the kimptonkids program at the site . we will be back next time we stop in town . we cannot think of a better place to stay . 
my son i joined my husband on a work trip . we planned to swim while he was working . we overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in . though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at N pm . we gave up went out for the evening . we had a very noisy sleepless night . we weren ' t facing mi ave , but still heard sirens and i ' m not sure what the other noise was , but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about Nx an hour throughout the entire night . i called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open , so my ( very excited ) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction . upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew ' s actions on my insistence she said she ' d look into it . a gentleman called back an hour later said the pool should open at Npm . . . it was Nam . it is now Npm we still haven ' t even seen the pool . we check out tomorrow . we passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to ' swim in chicago . ' needless to say we are very disappointed . 
my family and i vacation in chicago and stayed at the omni chicago hotel . upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received free bagpacks for their stay which they loved . the staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel . they even remembered our names ! the location of the hotel was amazing , right on the magnificent mile . we really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool . i would definitely stay there again if i have the chance and would recommend it to anyone i know going to the chicago area . 
the elevator system was impossible . it seems they were trying to improve it but only made it worse . many people waited N minutes and some bailed out to the stair wells . it happened several times . i had read about it before booking but guess i didn ' t take it seriously . it ' d be a deal breaker for any future return unless i heard clearly it was improved . also , i always think it ' s lame that you have to pay extra for wifi . area recommendations north michigan avenue and lake front areas are best . 
i have traveled to chicago many times for business , and so i have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons . there was nothing dramatically wrong the sheraton , but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel . it almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs . the carpets were old , there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom , towels and linens were older than i expected , the rooms were in need of some redecorating , etc . during the week i was paying N per night for a room , and it simply was not near the quality i expected for that price . one positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good . plenty of aerobic machines with tvs , weights , etc . location is also quite good ( perhaps the reason for the high price ) with close walks to michigan avenue and the river . in summary , i think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown chicago . 
my stay at the ambassador east was great ! the hotel is in a great location in the charming gold coast neighborhood of downtown chicago . gave me the feeling of staying in a chicago neighborhood vs . the concrete jungle of downtown , but the magnificent mile and rush street are just a few blocks from the front door . the staff was very friendly . also , really enjoyed having drinks in the historic pump room . they had a live band on saturday , and i really enjoyed looking at the pictures of the celebrities throughout the lounge that visited from years gone by . definitely recommend it . 
my stay at sheraton chicago hotel and towers was wonderful , i stayed in the traditional guest room and i slept good , i was able to get to my meeting well rested , thank you sheraton ! -bobby 
this hotel is fantastic . i stayed there on my way through chicago towards arizona , and could not believe the great quality of the hotel . i ' d have thought i was in a vegas suite . really polite staff , great housekeeping , and amazing prices . on my way out , i was telling the manager about how much i ' d loved the hotel , and he even offered me an extra night there ! you can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly N hours . 
if you want the downtown experience of a lifetime , with historical living that will bring you back to chicago in the early N ' s look no further , the dining experience is as comfortable as the stay , service is immaculate , and just as you think things couldn ' t get any better , you are only a walk away from one of the most exciting cities in america chicago with fine dining and a late night rendezvous as exciting as the nightlife , you are sure to have your excitement whims met , and walk away with the memory of a lifetime . believe me i did . valued customer , josh 
i traveled to chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away . our stay at the sofitel chicago water tower could not have been more luxurious ! our room had anything you could ever want , a mini bar , air conditioning . we were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants . the staff was friendly , and the beds were like clouds . overall , the experience was worth every penny . 
i recently stayed at the hyatt regency in chicago for business , but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it ! the accommodations exceeded my expectations . my bed was very comfortable , the room was big enough , and the shower was so relaxing . i had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at j ' s express . the fitness center was clean , and inspiring . i will recommend this hotel to others while in the area . 
i recently stayed at the palmer house hilton on a business trip to chicago . i will do my best to make sure that future employees of my company do i have to stay here . when the reservation was made , an early check-in was arranged -- due to travel arrangements , my travel companion and i were to get to the city in the early hours of the morning . we had arranged an early check-in without having to pay for the night before . there was no fuss raised when we agreed on this and so we assumed it would be fine . when we got there , however , there were no rooms available for us for hours and they refused to keep our bags . we were forced to change clothes and wash up in the public restrooms of the office building where our first meeting took place , and cart our bags around with us . they offered insincere apologies and didn ' t offer to comp us anything for the inconvenience . the rest of the stay ( one night ) was nothing to praise . i guess not having bugs would count as positive ? i would definitely never recommend that anyone stay here . 
while the hard rock hotel in chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience , they fail to deliver . unless of course , a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door . if you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed . the ' a ' list celebrities will not be there . in fact , it would be rare to find anyone on the ' b ' list either . the party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert . the party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar . the walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played . as for the promise of art deco , it must have changed in definition . your room will truly look like a concert has just been held . the carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer . the bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description . quality service and amenities were severely lacking . guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain . do not bother complaining about the noise next door either . it is part of you unique experience . the only part of the hard rock hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in chicago . it was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip . 
my husband and i had a wonderful time at swissotel chicago , when my husband went for a trade fair . we got a classic double room for two nights and it was definitely worth the money . clean and comfortable , chic and new fixtures . the view of the pier was magnificent . staff were most helpful and prompt when we requested extra towels and pillow . it ' s right next to riverside restaurants and river is very pretty . 
this hotel was chosen by my husband ' s company as the family came along for the business trip . the location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the Nth floor . my first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean . the lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance , but was otherwise ok . lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long . seemed like only N elevators were working out of the N that were there . i had read from another reviewer to join the fairmont president ' s club and wi-fi in the room would be free . we signed up for the club , but were puzzled as to why they don ' t just offer everyone free wi-fi . parking fees were exorbitant at N night , but thankfully the company was paying for this . we were able to walk to millennium park and navy pier from our hotel . the hotel is not kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities . there is no swimming pool , but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the swissotel next door ( there is an underground tunnel that connects the fairmont there ) . we loved the swissotel ' s pool on the Nnd floor . fantastic views from the pool ! although the beds were comfortable , my daughter and i were both victims of bed bugs during our stay . unfortunately we didn ' t know until the next day after we returned home . apparently bed bug bites can take up to N days to appear . my daughter and i both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips . the bites made you want to claw your skin off ! my husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all . beware of room N -- bed nearest the bathroom ! ! ! i will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on . . . . 
the knickerbocker hotel is fantastic ! it ' s an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once . the hotel has a fabulous location . it ' s a one minute walk to the cheesecake factory and bloomingdales , and about a N minute walk to einstein bagel company ( the best bagels and cream cheese ever ) , macys and saks . this location can ' t be beat . you ' re at one end of the magnificent mile , so it makes for easy strolling , as you don ' t start in the middle and then backtrack . the hotel staff are super helpful and friendly . checking in and out was very smooth , and the concierge ( cheryl ) was amazing . she booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us , and recommended an incredible restaurant called carmines which was a N minute walk . it was the greatest italian restaurant i have ever been to , and i can ' t recommend it more . the rooms are small but not too small . we had a beautiful big samsung flat screen , cordless phones , a rain shower , ample clean towels , and beautiful marble countertops . the hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like i was at a N star hotel in europe . the beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter . the only complaint i had was that housekeeping woke us up at N N one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on . when we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed . the issue was corrected , though , and it didn ' t happen again during our N night stay . the hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping . very cute . their late night menu , however , is lacking . it would have been nice to see some soup on there . that being said , i rarely order from room service when on vacation , so i really don ' t see that being a big deal . overall i would recommend this hotel without hesitation . i think we paid about N a night and i would say it was worth far more than that . we had a wonderful experience and i truly look forward to staying there again . . . . wouldn ' t stay anywhere else ! 
i travelled to illinois from the uk on business , and booked friday and saturday night at the homewood suites so that i could have a weekend in the city . the location was perfect , walking distance to michigan ave for all the shopping and touristy stuff , and literally N yards to the l ( red line ) for getting out to the surrounding areas . the room was great not exactly ' wow ' decor but clean and really well stocked . i was expecting a ' suite ' to be a larger than average hotel room with seperate sitting area . it was actually a N-room mini-apartment , with an open lounge kitchen , bedroom , and bathroom . two flatscreen tvs and a huge bed . breakfast buffet eggs and bacon were great for the hangover ( ! ) , and the kitchen meant that i could cook up some lunch rather than eat out if needed . 
stayed here for one night in june , but have stayed here before when on business in chicago . great location for business shopping sightseeing . in between michigan avenue ' s magnificent mile and the loop and next to the chicago river . rooms very spacious and clean . gym has a wonderful view , as it is situated on the top of the hotel . bar next to lobby , very busy with good atmosphere . cannot fault the hotel . prefer it to the westin - my previous address when in chicago . 
i stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago recently for a convention i was attending . this was my first trip to chicago and i had no idea what to expect and this hotel came recommended by a colleague so i had high expectations . check-in took a bit longer than i would have liked as they were experiencing computer problems and the staff at the front desk had to call their main reservation line to confirm reservations . once i did get into my room , there was a strong cigarette odor in spite of the fact that it was a non-smoking room . i went down to the front desk and requested a room change . given their computer problems , that took almost an hour and the staff was quite surly and didn ' t have the ' positive attitude in spite of any difficulty ' i ' d expect from such a high profile establishment . the new room was not a suite as i had originally booked but it was significantly fresher smelling . when i hooked up my laptop , i was dismayed to discover that there was no wi-fi service . i had made my reservation online to take advantage of their free wi-fi for online ressies , but as part of their computer problems , the wi-fi service was down . fortunately , there was a starbucks up the street with available wi-fi . granted , i couldn ' t lounge at the starbucks in my jammies like i could in my hotel room , but connectivity for work is necessary so we make sacrifices . i was determined not to let computer problems color my opinion of the hotel as it ' s not something that is necessarily under the control of local management . however , the hair in the bathroom sink and the wet washcloth that was on the floor behind the toilet are definitely under the control of local management . a quick call to housekeeping got a promise to give the room a once over while i was down the street at starbucks . they did as promised and when i arrived back at the room there were no stray bits of previous customer ' s dna and the dust bunny population had been eradicated . once i had a chance to relax in the room , there were a few minor details that stood out . the carpet was starting to get worn in places , the edges on some of the furniture was dinged , and my personal pet peeve . . . the inside of the drawers were rough , unfinished wood which i dislike as the little splinters can cause runs in my clothes . i would have expected higher quality furniture for such a hotel . but , all things considered , my stay was tolerable . water pressure was good and it was quiet enough at night to get decent sleep . the wi-fi was still down in the morning so i checked out early and spent my time enjoying a latte and free wi-fi at starbucks . 
the hotel lost our reservations and then couldin ' t accommodate what we needed . they gave us a room much smaller than we needed and when we requested something diffrerent they were unable to fulfill our request . we opted to leave the hotel and after there mistake of losing our reservations , they still charged us an early check out fee . if it wasn ' t for the great location of the hotel , there would be nothing positive to say 
stayed for N nights for our anniversary . the desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary , he gave us an upgrade . . . imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only N other rooms ! corner tower suite with a view of the river and michigan ave . beautiful ! cabs available right outside the lobby . . . never paid more than N for a cab ride . if you go in dec . you must go to the chriskindl festival for strudel ! 
my experience at the hyatt regency chicago was simply amazing . i had a wonderful stay there will my husband . my husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go , and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there . they were able to provide us with a hyatt allergy-friendly room . we were so relieved and the room was beautiful . the furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil . it was the most comfortable stay we have ever had . on top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business , so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient . we took full advantage of the N hour room service . i will definitely stay there again . it is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room . 
i had high hopes for the ambassador east hotel , i really did . it seemed like a nice enough place with reasonably close beach access . i arrived to the hotel on a tuesday afternoon . i was immediately surprised by the state of disrepair that the building was in . i could actually see two members of hotel maintenance in the parking lot sitting in their truck , doing nothing . as i walked in , nobody greeted me , and nobody offered to take my bags . the hotel furniture looked quaint and outdated , with a fine covering of dust . i went to the counter to check in and the disinterested girl working barely glanced at my papers and slid me my keys , all while avoiding eye contact and typing on the computer . i got to my room , and despite specifically asking for nonsmoking , there was a distinct smell of cigarettes inside and in the hallway . having paid extra for an upgraded room , i was extremely disappointed by the condition inside . the drinking glasses were filthy , the towels smelled of mold , and there was actually trash that was left in the bathroom trash can . the television was a basic crt that looked to be about fifteen years old , and there was no channel guide , though i suppose i didn ' t need one for the six channels that it had . i had heard good things about the food at the ambassador east hotel , but alas , there was no respite here . the room service that i ordered took forty minutes to arrive , and my steak was cold and cooked beyond well done . elsewhere in the hotel things were no better . everywhere i went , from the pool to the bar , the staff was hasty , rude , and completely uninterested , and nowhere was particularly clean or well decorated . i really wanted to like the ambassador east hotel , but unfortunately the best part of my stay was checking out . 
we chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds . we anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel , than some of the other larger high rise hotels . we did not experience very good service at the talbott hotel . when we checked irena seemed very robotic and aloof . the front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious . the lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door . each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff , just a blank stare and gaze . the front desk staff was chilly and stiff , no greetings , no smiles and no personality . they had difficulty answering simple questions or requests . on the other hand the bellman perry was great . he was sociable and very service oriented . he was aware of what is going on in the area . he recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area , and where to eat in the neighborhood . he is authentic and he even asked us upon our return ' how was that restaurant ? ' tim the concierge was also supportive . he gave us N discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores . we had the largest suite . we requested a rollaway ( extra charge ) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after Npm . when the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed . what made our talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned . we were out of our room from Nam and when we returned to our room at Npm the rooms had not been cleaned . we called the front desk to ask to send someone . the maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening . the room itself was pleasant . it did have a moldy smell and some frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much . we were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin . we really liked staying in this area of chicago but expected first rate service . the service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel . 
i was highly disappointed with my choice to stay at the amalfi hotel in chicago . i had to travel for business at the last minute but felt lucky to get a reservation at such a highly rated hotel . the initial impression was that the desk clerk thought i was lucky that he was waiting on me . i had several questions about local attractions and he acted as though i was bothering him . i was the only customer in the lobby and he directed me to a rack of brochures located near the concierge then went back to leaning against the counter . on the plus side the room was lovely , but when i called for room service at N Npm i was told they were closed even though the menu said they served until Npm . i decided to go out rather than fight the issue . the next day the tone was the same at the pool , the bar , the restaurant etc . the staff here seems to have a general feeling that the guests are lucky enough to stay in such a chic hotel and they are more like part of the atmosphere instead of actual employees with a job to do . the only exception was the housekeeping staff . i called them for extra pillows and another blanket and they were at my door in N minutes and made to ask if there was anything else i needed before leaving . the bottom line is that i booked my room here with the intention to relax for a day or two after my business was completed but decided against it . even though the hotel was beautiful and in a nice location , the atmosphere was not inviting . i ' d rather go somewhere where i felt like my money was appreciated instead of staying somewhere that didn ' t seem to care that i was there . 
my husband and i went to chicago for three nights for a quick get-away . we chose fairmont chicago millennium park because it was located at the heart of the city , downtown chicago . the hotel itself was very elegant and modern . the bed was extremely comfortable and i was able to wake up with music from my ipod . i would definitely stay with them again . 
i stayed in this hotel for a week and i was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel . i was shocked and disapointed with my stay , here are some of my gripes - room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - breakfast service was slow and impolite - hotel rationed shampoo ( one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full ) . - we also shared a bar of soap . i was so disappointed with this hotel , i paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay . 
my husband and i were planning our Nst year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in chicago where we had first met . after spending several minutes frustratingly navigating the talbott hotel ' s website , i finally was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend . after a long flight into chicago , we were so ready to check in , shower , and lay down in our hotel room . however , once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation . i provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied . she begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting . we then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door . i ' m severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel . 
my wife and i stayed at the james recently and we had a great experience . the hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location . it ' s in a quiet location , yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to . we upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost . it didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have , but it was elegantly appointed , spacious , and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet . the service was amazing . everyone was extremely friendly and helpful , as well as knowledgeable . this was true from the doormen at the front , to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant . both concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions , and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out . the breakfast at prime downstairs is among the best i have ever had in a hotel , this goes for the room service as well . dinner there was good , but not great . i mentioned almost flawless , as there was a situation that occurred involving the spa in the hotel . it involved scheduling and was aggravating , as the hotel actively encourages its use . however , caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied , following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with . the experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly . overall , we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits . 
my wife and i redeemed some of my hilton reward points to stay a few nights at the palmer house . the hotel is absolutely beautiful . from the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice . as we were diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge ( free food drinks ) . the service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of chicago . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to chicago . 
excellent service ! clean and spacious rooms with a great view of downtown chicago . location is excellent for exploring the main sights and the golden mile . great concierge service . pricey though . . . don ' t valet if you don ' t need to . 
i was in chicago from september N-N for a convention . . my company booked this hotel for me . the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away . perfect location ! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette . breakfast is the best . . . bountiful . . not just muffins and toast . . . i mean everything you can imagine . . . waffles , bacon , sausage , hash browns , toast , danishes , omelets , burritos , all freshly made . . . not artifical . . . really good . and clean . . also they have a free dinner . . . buffet . . excellent . . . mexican night , chinese night , american fare . . all included . . wine and beer also . . well worth the expensive price of N a night . a very classy and clean hotel . . i love chicago . . . will come again ! 
last weekend my wife and i decided to take a weekend trip to chicago . when looking for a hotel we weren ' t all that interested in price , but more of a relaxing getaway in the heart of downtown . i did some research and and came across the amalfi hotel chicago . what sparked my interest was it ' s location and the fact that they offer in room spa treatments . located in chicago ' s river north area , it is close to the magnificent mile so we can get all of our shopping done while staying relatively close to the hotel and also do some sightseeing along the chicago river on one of many chicago boat tours , both of which were fantastic ! after a long day out on the town we came back to the hotel to induldge in their in room spa treatments . my wife got the whole works ( facial , manicure and pedicure , and hot stone massage therapy ) , while i enjoyed a deep tissue massage to get rid of some of the pain from walking around all day ! for dinner we went downstairs and enjoyed a fabulous dinner at harry caray ' s italian steakhouse . best steak i ' ve ever had , hands down . when we were finished with dinner we just wanted to go back to our room and relax so we hopped into our comfortable king size bed , put in a movie with their in room dvd players and beautiful N inch hdtv ' s . for anyone looking for a nice relaxing getaway to the great city of chicago , i would recommend the amalfi hotel chicago to anyone . they offer anything you could ever want in a luxury hotel plus more . 
the intercontinental chicago magnificent mile the outside of the hotel itself is as the name says is pretty magnificent despite being set in what has to be the filthiest section in the city . for the cost of the rooms starting at N . N a night , you would think they would have a competent parking attendant . i was delayed from a very important client due to a latency issue with my reserved room , and if that was not enough . to top it off the room service had the nerve to bring up room temperature pasta and a bottle of champagne that had the seal previously broken free of the cork . needless to say this will be the last time this hotel ever is to grace so much as another dollar bill from my account . i would highly recommend another hotel with better accommodations . 
just back from a business trip . the homewood is in a great location just off the magnificent mile , includes a great breakfast , heavy hors d ' ouevres for dinner with beer and all for a pre-paid rate of N . without a doubt the best value in chicago for a long , long time . 
we booked our stay through priceline . com and got a great deal . we were only staying one night and we had our N year old with us . at check-in , we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of lake michigan . it was beautiful . the suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we didn ' t need , but if we were staying longer , it would have been a godsend . this hotel is in close proximity with grant park which has the beautiful buckingham fountain . we walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed . . . . but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it , this isn ' t the one . we ended up eating at the irish pub inside the hotel ( kitty o ' shea ' s ) which has great food . ( we have stayed here before and always end up eating here . ) there are a lot of attractions within a mile including the field museum , shedd aquarium , soldier field , and navy pier . they may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window . overall , we had another wonderful stay at the chicago hilton . ( our Nth stay ) the only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel . . . . . N dollars a night is kind of ridiculous . 
the fairmont chicago millenium park hotel provides a rich , beautiful , cultured atmosphere . during my stay , i felt like royalty . with unparalleled design schemes and beautiful , tranquil views , the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss . the guest services department was second-to-none . the staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible . when dealing with a staff member at fairmont , i felt as if i were the only guest in the place . the food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king . i will definitely recommend fairmont chicago millenium park to my friends and colleagues . i will also greatly look forward to my next stay . 
my experience with the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel was terrible ! i arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour . i chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed i sat for N minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink i received was warm . when the room was finally ready i was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding . when i called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom . after all this hassle i would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered i found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee N . N for a N hour period . i was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels i have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access . overall i was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel any time soon . 
we had a great experience at this hotel . the hotel is huge ! the rooms were very clean , well appointed , and our room was very roomy with a great view of the snow covered park . the staff was so nice and very helpfull . donald , at the the concierge desk scored us tickets to wicked the day of the performance , and on a holiday weekend too . they were great seats and a reasonable price . he worked very hard for us to see that show . they truely topped off what was a fun new years celebration . this will be my first pick when i return in the spring . 
while this is a good location for shopping and sightseeing , i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . the rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny , all of which is to be expected in an old urban hotel , but apparently care has not been given to updating the hotel ( ever ! ) . the crown molding and base boards are cracked and it appears to only have been painted over and over again . the newer tub liner in the bathroom is merely floating above the old tub and when you stand in the shower it bubbles under your feet . the shower tiles are old and the grout is not clean . this hotel has not been restored the updating that has been done are merely band-aides . there is no fan exhaust in the bathroom and the carpet is ontop of a very hard surface , probaly concrete with no pad in between . the lobby is smokey because of the large open bar in the small space . we were in town on business and supposed to stay N nights , we left after N and went to another hotel . 
stayed at the amalfi hotel in chicago this month with good expectations . and what a disappointment ! paid just under N for a ' deluxe king ' , and what we got was a Nnd floor view of construction , a dirty , badly ' rehabbed ' bathroom , itchy sheets , no down comforter ! ! ( just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing ) , previously opened bottles in our mini bar , and plenty of rude , inexperienced staff members managers ( def . not a N or N star staffing ! ! ) i do live in chicago , and have stayed at a wide range of places . i know that for N in february , you can expect a great hotel . as there were many available the weekend we stayed at amalfi , choosing it over say , the palmer house hilton , hotel sax , sutton place , hotel N , was a huge waste . definitely keep looking and book elsewhere . not worth the price at all , don ' t let their pictures fool you . also , i wouldn ' t say that our experience was just a rare mishap , the hotel looks like an old days inn that had undergone a slight renvation , i . e . , new lamps . 
very beautiful hotel with a wonderful view . the dinning selection is one of the best i have seen in chicago . i have stayed many places downtown chicago and nothing matches this . i am a single mother with two children and the concept of having a day care facility on site is just not great for me but for my children as well . the shopping area has great selections right outside of the doors . the biggest thing that i have to say is that the customer service was great with everything that i needed . i give the hotel a N out of N . 
the staff at the talbott hotel was completely unresponsive when i told them there were a bunch of drunken teenagers playing ding , dong , ditch . the sheets smelled funny when i arrived and were only changed N times during my two-week stay . the room service was very slow and the cleaning crew did not replace my soap , but i did notice the contents of the mini-bar diminished every time the maid service had been in my room . 
this was my first time staying at the hard rock hotel in chicago and i have nothing but hate for the entire experience . the building itself is maintained , however the staff is rude and inept to the point of making their customers feel physically ill . and while the outside appearance is fine and dandy , my room N , was repulsive . as soon as the bellboy threw my luggage onto the room ' s ground and verbally demanded a tip , i noticed insects of all kinds scurrying around , the room was pungent with what smelled like human excrement , before i could say anything to the bellboy he had taken his tip and fled . immediately i went to the front desk and was made to wait for over a half hour , a complete waste of time , because as soon as i had reported my problem i was told that no other rooms were available and i would have to make do , they did however say i could stay the night free of charge . the next morning as i was set to leave i decided i would try the breakfast , in hopes of finding one redeeming quality . let me tell you , that breakfast tasted like space food with dirt and mold , the worst breakfast i have ever had in my entire life . overall the employees are arrogant and callous , with the work ethic of a N year old child , they cannot cook , the room for me was poorly maintained , however they are good at refunding your money . 
my husband and i were very excited to be staying at the conrad , unfortunately , we would never stay in this hotel again . the rooms looked nice , but the closer you look there was mold in the bathroom and red stains that looked like dried blood near the sink . the room service cost was super high - costing us over N for N burger , N order of french toast , N pops and N desserts . in the middle of the night the pipes in our room made a very loud vibrating noise which kept us awake . we called the front desk and it took almost N minutes for someone to walk over to our room ( we were on the Nth floor , same as the reception desk ) . they did nothing to fix it and the same thing continued the following night and anytime the room above us or to the right used their shower . the staff was friendly enough , but not helpful and they did nothing to try and make our stay better with all of the problems . there was not even a coffee pot in the room . definitely would not stay here again for the price . not worth it ! 
for our anniversary this year , my wife and i stayed at the conrad . we ' re from the suburbs , so staying at a nice hotel in the city is a big deal for us . it ' s expensive , so we expect the best for our money . this was most definitely not the best for our money . it wasn ' t even a good deal either . the problems began right off the bat . when we got to our room , we were both greeted by a musty smell that seemed to hang throughout the entirety of the room . it was like walking into a dusty attic . when i sat down to watch tv , it turns out it wasn ' t even connected to cable or anything . i kept changing the channel , but it was nothing but static and white noise . i even looked for another remote . after we left our things , we went out for a night in chicago , but coming back , the smell seemed to have gotten worse . i finally asked the hotel management to come up to our rooms . they moved us to a different room , but they had no explanation for the smell . for a single stay , that was more trouble than it was worth . 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro chicago to celebrate our Nnd wedding anniversary this past weekend . the hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive . the concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay , and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do . we were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel the lobby , dining areas , and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury . the decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white , and lighting that complimented and set the mood . the bar and lounge areas had excellent service , and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown chicago . additionally , my husband and i were extra pleased to learn that because we are aaa members , we would be receiving N off our room rate for the weekend . overall , the amenities and experience of staying at the hotel allegro chicago made us feel like movie stars , pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment , one in which we would definitely choose to stay again . 
my stay at the palmer house hilton was less than satisfactory . i would have expected much for from such a ' high end ' hotel . the rooms were way over priced , and the service was less than satisfactory . at one point , i left my dirty towels on the floor to be picked up , and when room service came through , they were still there ! on the other side of things , the cup i had left on my desk ( which i was planning to use later ) was gone . my coffee and my towels were also never replaced . i also was astounded that internet service did not come with the price of the room . rather , it was a ' nominal fee ' . after paying so much for a room , i had hoped to at least have complimentary wifi . my stay at the palmer house hilton left much to be wished for . i will not be staying there again . 
i have no idea why this is considered a four star hotel . the omni chicago ' s age shows , and not in a ' great ambiance ' way ! the rooms are dingy and just plain worn looking . i say rooms because we had to switch our original room as there was a terrible musty odor , almost like mildew , that permeated the first room we were given . seriously , it brought tears to my eyes ! the staff seemed rather indifferent to our dilemma , but finally agreed to switch us to another room . the new one didn ' t smell , but was clearly past its prime . housekeeping was almost nonexistent . we had to call them back both days of our trip to empty the trash and for towels . how can you forget to leave towels for the guests ? i ' m not one to complain , but for the kind of money we spent for a weekend here , we were expecting at least a little luxury and special treatment . we received neither and will not be returning to the omni chicago . 
when you enter the lobby at the millennium knickerbocker hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered . the staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can . the check in process is smooth and friendly as i expected . when you enter your room the decor catches your eye . luxurious yet not stuffy is how i describe it . the restroom tub is large and made of marble . the whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home . i highly recommend the millennium knickerbocker hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while . 
stay away from this hotel . a few months back me and my wife decided to get out and have a nice pampered away from home weekend . looking at different options for this weekend we decided to go with the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . they claim ' experience the extraordinary ' and this sounded great . when we arrived at hotel we were met buy a closed front door and nobody to help with bags . the front desk clerk explained that our room was not yet ready and to goto the bar for some complemenatry drinks . after waiting N hours for our room we finally can start to relax . well upon entering room the smell of something horrible is overwhelming . the front desk informed us there was no other rooms and they would bring up some air freshner . we packed our bags and headed over to ' x ' hotel and were able to get to our pampered weekend away from home . 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago this past summer . needless to say we will not be returning ! the hotel is very overpriced for what you get . upon arriving to the hotel the staff was very unfriendly and could not help with questions we had . the bed was very uncomfortable and the ' fully-stocked honor bar ' was stocked with only a few choices . the shower did not even work ! we booked the king suite with jacuzzi but ended up only getting a king room with no jacuzzi . i would not recommend this place ! 
i love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights . the hotel is clean and nice rooms the pool needs some updating ( but kids don ' t care ) my friend and i took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect 
i just spent the weekend here with my wife , and she loved it as much as i do . i was here several weeks ago for a work trip booked by the company to show our staff off to some big clients , so i didn ' t have any choice . but when my wife said she wanted to come to chicago , i knew this was the place to take her . the hotel hasn ' t just been remodeled , it ' s been completely redesigned . things have been moved around to make the flow of the public spaces work better , and the two rooms that i ' ve seen are showplaces . they are amazing . this hotel is part of a luxury chain , and it ' s easy to see why . they offer full room service at convenient hours . i ' ve been in every eating area now , and they are all great , too . whether for business or pleasure , you can ' t beat this . it ' s a luxury hotel with all the luxurious features you ' d expect . my wife was stunned , and yours will be , too . 
i stayed at the chicago hilton because it was host to a conference i was attending . before i arrived i tried to find out about the ' in room fitness ' program advertised on the corporate website . i called the N reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center . i explained that i was inquiring about the ' in room fitness ' advertised on their website . she put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that i should call the property directly . i did and got the same response . i asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room . again , this was a problem . when i arrived at the hotel , no treadmill was available . when i went to tour the fitness room the first night i found that they close at Npm . when i returned to the center the next day i discovered that they charge N per day to use the fitness equipment . the pool , track and locker room are free , but to use the treadmills , etc . you have to pay N per day . this charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website , not in any of the guest service materials in the room . the food for the conference was mediocre , but the one room service meal i had was pretty good . during one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we couldn ' t hear the speaker . the hvac didn ' t work well in my room and i kept the windows open for most of my three night stay . the beds were comfortable with very nice linens . i tried to get a late checkout , which was offered on a card in my room . the woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour , not the N-Npm range advertised in my room . the best service i received was from the folks in the security office . the hotel does not have safes in guest rooms , so i became very friendly with security office as i locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time i couldn ' t carry it out of the hotel . i visit chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the marriott properties . only wish i had done so for this visit . 
upon check in - the lobby was busy ! i was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show . the front desk person i checked in with was so fast and so nice that i walked away from the desk smiling . . . that alone was such a great feeling . every time i had any experience with a hotel staff member , i was so pleased ! i have to say - service really is everything to me and i have to give this top marks for that . an added bonus was the location . . . i just think it is perfect for me . on top of that , i had a meeting down in the loop , but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby , asked if he could help me get to my meeting . i thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his suv and drove me to the meeting , ' just a free service from the hotel ' he stated as we drove . . . really ! ! ! ! so cool ! i haven ' t even talked about the pump room yet - great dinner , very professional service , and no attitude . i will return - just up date the rooms a little bit , thats all . . . the curtains need some help . 
i really wish i could say that i liked this hotel , but the whole experience was just plain awful . my first warning sign should have been when i made my reservation . the person i spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing . at first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel , and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel i was actually wanting , he booked me for the wrong dates . he read me the right dates , and it was only when i called back two days later to confirm that i found out he ' d given me the wrong dates . hilton did get it fixed , but i already had a bad feeling about my stay . then came actually staying at the hotel . the people at the check-in desk were downright rude . then there was the room . i was supposed to be in a non-smoking room , but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke . the hotel staff refused to believe me , but did let me change rooms to one that didn ' t smell of cigarettes . however , i might as well have stayed in the first room . i was short towels , and it took four calls ( over a period of N hours ) to the front desk to get some . the sheets had not been changed , made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them . yes , i was able to get fresh sheets , but like the towels , it took several hours for them to be delivered . since this is a pet friendly hotel , lucky me i got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs . the walls were so paper thin , all i could hear all night was barking . when i complained about it , the staff refused to believe me , and said that the walls of the room are so thick i shouldn ' t be able to hear anything from next door . yeah right . i was excited to use the pool , but just like my room , it hadn ' t been cleaned recently . then , i tried the fitness center . half the equipment was broken . i tried to cut my stay short , but of course this hotel wouldn ' t work with me at all . they even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness i had to deal with . i will never stay with hilton again , and i will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was . 
my husband and i were in the fairmont chicago recently for a conference . we stayed in a spacious suite . all amenities appeared recently updated and in excellent shape . the bed was very comfortable . views were great . i love their products in the bathroom and used them in the pristine tub two out of three nights . the room was so quiet , it was very relaxing . we ate in the restaurant downstairs ( aria ) and although pricey , it was excellent . the staff were consistently attentive and responsive . it is evident that everyone is very well-trained . i would love to stay here again . 
attended a wedding in chicago sofitel is new , humming , very very modern ( w hotel style - minimalist ) and a great location . however , i miss the basics of a less trendy hotel . we checked in at N pm and our room wasn ' t ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me ! ! ! i had to wait in the hallway . . . . on the weekend i came back for a nap at about N N pm after vacating the room at N N am and it still wasn ' t made up . the housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room . also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one . . . . i gave up . . . this is a hot , youth hotel but for my next visit , i think i ' d prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping , a somewhat larger room that you can walk around , and a less trendy , hot , loud clientele . i ' m over N . 
i really loved my stay at the talbott . my room was amazing ! the bathroom ( and i am very picky about hotel bathrooms ) had ample room for all of my stuff , which is a bonus for me . the staff treated me really well and they were very friendly . i was afraid that i ' d get a little lost , since it was my first trip to chicago , but the staff helped me navigate to the downtown area ( rush st . michigan ave . -- which are very close by ) . the hotel reminded me of those i ' d stayed at in europe . the room service is N hours , which for me , was a bonus because i am up mostly during the nights . this is the only place i will ever stay if i visit chicago again . for a single woman traveling alone to a strange city , this hotel made me feel very safe and comfortable . 
this lovely hotel has only six floors , making it easy to get to elevators and down to reception . the building is dwarfed amongst all the skyscrapers around it . trump ' s huge new tower is just down the street . the amalfi looks recently refurbished , very modern , but warm and inviting . bedrooms quite spacious with lovely linens and very , very comfortable beds . bathroom quite small but roomy enough , with aveda tolietries and constant hot water in the showers . continental style breakfast is set out fresh every morning in front of the elevator of every floor . great to stumble out of bed and grab a coffee etc ( robes slippers provided ) without having to get dressed for a formal breakfast . really enjoyed the managers evening cocktail reception , especially the amalfitinis . a nice way to relax after a hard days ' shopping ! location is great for all the shops , transport , museums etc . easy walking to everywhere . staff also very friendly and welcoming . would definately stay there again . 
great bed , but when i first came in , i requested a room with a lake view ( i requested this over the phone as well ) , and the front desk woman said ' this is a great room ' . i go upstairs and its awful looking . the view was of the neighboring roofs . then i spent half an hour trying to find a better room . eventually i got a corner roof with a partial view . horrible experience . also rooms were small and had crappy look ( yellowy wallpaper and bedsheets ) 
i stayed at swissotel chicago for N night while on vacation with my girlfriend . our plan was to stay N nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate . we walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in , we still stood waiting for N minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel . once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention , she got off the phone and acted like i was the one at fault . needless to say i will not be staying here again . 
my two girlfriends and i arrived at the hotel , and found the hard rock had lost our reservation . i had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone . the rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying . it wasn ' t until i started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue . ten minuets later she found our reservation . our room wasn ' t ready , we were told that it would be ready at noon we came back at N and were told it was still dirty ! room was very small . the bathroom shower , sink and floor were filthy . room service trays sit in the hallways all day . the next morning we called down to get towels , they were never brought to the room , we had to drip dry . the only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge christopher . he knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub . 
i was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel . its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a . k . a . my cousin janice . the amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality . would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults . the room and view were spectacular , the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate . 
when i first made reservations at the palmer house hilton , i was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website . little did i know it was going to be a total disaster . first off , my husband and i couldn ' t find the place . it was our first time in chicago after all . and when i would call for directions , they just kept putting me on hold . when my husband and i finally arrived , the bus boy was extremely rude . after man-handling our luggage , he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip . talk about arrogant . the front desk clerk was a little too pushy . my husband and i were only staying one night just to attend my sister ' s wedding , but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room . the room itself was okay , decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you ' re worth . they even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the ' snack bar ' and ordered a movie that i ' ve never even heard of ! completely unprofessional . i will never , i repeat , never stay at this hotel ever again . 
from the moment i stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began ! i enjoyed every minute the fairmont ! the king room was spacious and the decor chic ! the coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge ! i really like the separate shower , tub , and separate door for the toilet . the desserts and cheese spread at eno so yummy . before the fairmont the w hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at . 
i have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood , cost and amenities . the hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open , you wouldn ' t know it . you need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock . the beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a ' nicer historic hotel . ' i will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime . it was a very frustrating experience . 
location , location , location . what a great find ! excellent , well-run , small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it . rooms are good-sized and clean good bed and shower with tub . the air conditioner , as mentioned in other reviews , is noisy , but it ' s a minor complaint . the staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge . the on site restaurant is great . the red-line el is about N-N blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze . you are footsteps away from rush street and north michigan avenue and lake michigan . i would not have a moment ' s hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future in fact , i wouldn ' t book anywhere else . 
james chicago would be one of the worst hotels i have ever been to in my life ! even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic , its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible . they gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago ! i figured it was because the hotel was busy but i started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service . the television was not working at all . i was extremely disapointed , especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax . sadly , i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment . the wifi was a bust . absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall . i am never going to james hotel ever again ! 
downtown chicago has a multitude of available hotels . however once youve decided to step away from the ordinary a fantastic way to get away from it all is by booking a stay at the homewood suites . the combination of luxury and affordability is evident as soon as youve entered the glamourous lobby . the downtown homewood suites is located near all the attractions which make chicago the diverse and culturally rich town that is world known . the hotel offers a free fitness center , high speed wireless internet as well as a complimentary buffet breakfast . being a member of the hilton family ensures the utmost in quality and service which has been observed by millions of customers around the world . 
i just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat ! the hotel website offers a great rate , and what i found was affordable luxury . i asked for a high floor found myself with a fabulous view , in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom , terrycloth robes and slippers , turndown service , roger gallet toiletries , a fluffy down conforter , and a wonderful pillowtop bed . the bathroom was so clean that it sparkled . the service was impeccable as well . even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants , brioches , pain au chocolat . the decor was unique the location convenient . check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby . this is a topnotch hotel . 
when i planned my summer vacation , i was wanting to travel somewhere new . chicago was on my mind because of the fast city life . i got in a flight to chicago and arrived at the hard rock hotel . it was grand and i spent a total of N days and nights there . the luxury was exotic and the location was right around the corner from most shopping and dining venues . the room service had me drooling because the food was so delicious , i could hardly picture not feeling satisfied . i met up with a few of my friends and they offered me a tour around town . i enjoyed the stay there and will come back sooner than later . 
great hotel ! went to see the museum of contemporary art which was great , but this hotel almost had it beat ! the rooms ( and even halls ) are very beautifully done . great service too . a 
i stayed here last august and i ' m truly glad that i will never have to stay here again . the website does a great job of creating an illusion . the rooms are so much smaller than it seems on the website . i thought the monaco was walking distance to a few nightclubs but it isnt . the wireless internet is free but it is extremely slow . for such a ' classy ' hotel , there isnt a pool . at N per night , the on-site parking is way too expensive for guests . all and all , i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
i have stayed in the talbott a few times and had always liked it . this time was my first visit in N years and i was disappointed . the hallways are now looking tired and the carpets need to be replaced . i had asked for a corner room but instead was given a small and very dark room looking out onto a wall N feet away with multiple noisy vents immediately outside the window . the lights had to be kept on throughout the day even through the days were bright . the bathroom was tiny and would be difficult to manage with N people in the room . the ac unit rumbled on permanently with background white noise even when switched off . having stayed there before i know there are better rooms but this one was the same price as the others i have been in and the risk is getting it again . other small things contributed - the lobby brownies are no longer , there were no cup lids for the lobby coffee ( so you couldn ' t walk out with the coffee ) and i got a newspaper only on the last morning of a N-night stay . the construction noise was not too bad but does start at N . Nam and goes on until around Npm , including weekends . 
i was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late september , and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle , but affected me and my husband . for example , he got locked out of our room N times , once having to wait for N minutes in the hallway after going to the spa . the other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony , so that was stressful because he lost some time . the keycard just would stop working . then a fuse blew , so we had no power while trying to get ready . it happened to me also , coming back from the spa , and i called on the hallway phone to get help . luckily , right after that , an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if i had been waiting long--as if she knew this was a problem . i said no , and she called down to check . apparently , no one had even called security to get me back into my room ! she had a set of keys and let me in , thank god . then , on our wedding night , my husband wanted to order from room service . it was a little after N Npm . we were told that room service was closed for the night--even though all the literature in the room brags about ' N hour dining . ' that fact was never communicated to us when we checked in . i feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping . we later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off , so maybe that ' s why people weren ' t too intersted in providing good service . i don ' t think if i would recommend that anyone stay at this fairmont nor will i ever again . btw , the spa is great to hang out in , even if you ' re not doing a massage . 
the palmer house hilton in chicago is by far the best experience i have ever had away from home . from the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby , you will never want to leave . the multiple ballrooms , board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events . if you ' re looking for leisure activities , there are two bars , the lockwood wine cellar , and an indoor pool . the staff is professional , friendly and helpful . room service is excellent , and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city . 
the hotel is well located , but the service is poor . they seem to cater to large conventioneers , with service more like a moderate chain hotel - not your typical fairmont . there are too many specifics to outline here , let ' s just say that from the front desk , to the spa , room service which only got my order correct one-day , to housekeeping which didn ' t even clean my room one day ( although they sent a manager to inspect the room because the housekeeper said she did clean the room . yep , that ' s just what you want to come home to after N hrs of meetings ! they did offer me a complimentary breakfast for my inconvenience ! the hotel is large and many times between N-N pm there would literally be a long line of guests waiting for an elevator . i ' ve stayed at this fairmont twice . the Nst time i attended a conference nearby and the last time l chose it for the price . but it ' s not worth enduring such poor service . that was the last time for me . 
the swisshotel is awesome . very high class . it is expensive , but so is every hotel in chicago . it is off from the dingy areas of our city , yet a long walk to navy pier , so you will need to pay for the cab . note to all the magnificent mile is boring as can be . i live in chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the mile of navy ( boring ) pier . 
i ' ve stayed at the allegro a couple of times . like the other kimpton properties , it ' s a classic old hotel that ' s been beautifully updated . i found the staff to be cordial , and i really like their corporate culture . they ' re pet-friendly ( although i wasn ' t travelling with the dog ) , i got a recycling bin in my room , aveda products in the bath and they don ' t clean with toxic chemicals . the rooms aren ' t huge and the bathrooms aren ' t what you ' re going to get at a hilton . what the allegro lacks in square footage it more than makes up for in cool . ok , they may be a little pricey , but i ' m willing to pay a bit more considering the higher cost of doing business responsibily . 
the hotel is just ok . stayed there for N days when visiting friends . they had a renovation going so there was no lobby , bar or anything . just a decently furnished room for N usd . the renovation was not annoying but i think they ahould charge . . . much less untill its done . you cant beat the location ! very convenient especially if u like chicqgo nightlife ! 
we booked at another hotel a block away and spent a unhappy night . we walked over to the talbott and the courtiest staff showed us a room and we booked the rest of our stay . the room was very attractive and well furnished with double sinks in the bathroom . the tub is large and the shower a pleasure . the location was quiet as requested . the staff was always cheerful and very helpful . tim and stephanie provide excellent concierge services ! the breakfast at the basil cafe is a great way to start the day . we travel a lot and appreciate the ambiance of a good hotel . i would highly recommend the talbott for your stay . 
this hotel was incredible ! haven ' t had a better stay in a hotel in my life . i will definitely come here again next time i am in chicago ! the rooms were so elegant , with their modern color schemes . the staff members were friendly and willing to lend a hand . the beds were surprisingly comfortable , with interesting covers . the tvs were hd , which was a step up from most hotels i have stayed at before . there was a cool martini bar that i spent an hour at one night , which was enjoyable , especially because of the live jazz band 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel monaco for N days in october , N . i cannot begain to tell you how great this place is . the service was impecable and the room was fantastic . huge window seat to look over chicago . it was great . the wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby . this was our first trip to chicago and i hope not our last . i will definately stay at hotel monaco again when we return . we booked our room through a safety convention web site . 
my fiance and i traveled to chicago for the first time this december and we were not happy with this hotel . the friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys . they greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay . the rest of the staff however was terrible . when we first checked in , i was instantly discouraged . the front desk person was not in a good mood and i couldn ' t wait to leave the lobby . having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing . we asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations . we felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff . at one point , the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her , as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well . even though she saw us standing there , after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first . yes , we are in our mid N ' s , but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible . for how much money we paid for each night , i would have rather stayed somewhere else . we decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews , but we did not experience any of this during our stay . the rooms were alright , but nothing special . i would not stay in this hotel again . 
i stayed at the intercontinental in chicago for my visit to set up my daughter ' s wedding . nina ( our daughter ) stated this was the place where all the higher echilon gets hitched ! well i don ' t understand why at all . upon arrival we checked in and met nina at the ' the bar ' ( how innovative ) and had a light supper . the food was like airline food and cold . the waiter was annoying and in your face when he could clearly see we were not ready to have our food taken yet . when he finally came with the check we thought ' our light supper ' was all too pricey . then we were supposed to meet the sales manager erin in the lobby at N N pm sharp . not sharp enough . at N N a worker came over to us and stated that erin had an emergency and wouldn ' t be able to meet with us tonight . well that is just great . over N for a night and supper that would obviously be wasted . no more money will be spent here , i will guarentee that . sincerely mr . and mrs . scott grander louisville , ky 
my wife and i stayed at the amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from norway who were vacationing in the city . we were excited about staying at the amalfi after reading the reviews here , but really disappointed in the accommodations . the web site has a photo of the N story building that houses the hotel . it doesn ' t state that the hotel only occupies the first N floors of the building . the rest are offices . our room was on the Nth floor with a view of a blank brick wall about N feet distant . the room itself was unremarkable , with standard furnishings equivalent to a holiday inn . although it is close to the best part of the city , it is tucked behind the new trump tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road sidewalk . our norwegian friends , by contrast , stayed on the Nrd floor of swissotel and had views of the lake and navy pier . 
my wife and i recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids . upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor , the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff . as a seasoned traveler for business i consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations . this hotel certainly delivers on both accounts . my wife and i had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant , but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try . wow ! service was outstanding and the food was amazing . we truly enjoyed our dining experience . all in all i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone i meet . 
i have been N times in chicago , and i have stayed in N different hotels this has been for much the very best option . the lobby , the warm of the receptionist , the room , the hotel is very good . it is walking distance to the magnificent mile and there ' s no chance for you to get lost from this hotel . if you like to travel with style this could be a very good option . 
i used to stay at the homewood suites all the time on business but have not stayed there on business since N - since that time my company has been doing business in the suburbs instead of downtown . during december of N and this year N i did stay there a few days with my family and was greeted as if i never left . there is a lady named connie who works the breakfast shift and she greets everyone and always remembers you from years before . a wonderful lady indeed - my wife even commented to me on the way to chicago if that lady would still be there and would still remember and yes she does ! its a great place to stay . 
my husband and i satayed for two nights at the hilton chicago , and enjoyed every minute of it ! the bedrooms are immaculate , and the linnens are very soft . we also appreciated the free wifi , as we could stay in touch with friends while staying in chicago . the bathroom was quite spacious , and i loved the smell of the shampoo they provided-not like most hotel shampoos . their service was amazing , and we absolutely loved the beautiful indoor pool . i would recommend staying here to anyone . 
i enjoyed my stay at the ambassador east hotel in chicago . the staff was friendly and helpful from the time i checked in all the way through checkout . the hotel was very clean and well maintained . the beds were very comfortable ! the hotel restaurant lounge was very cozy and a nice way to unwind after a long day . the only thing i was unhappy about was the fact that internet service is not complimentary at this hotel . i reccomend this hotel and i will stay there again on my next trip to chicago ! 
my wife and i stayed here for a long weekend and it was great . the check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question , and the bar served the best martini i have had in a while . the rooms were well decorated and spacious , although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door . the bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late . i would definitely stay here again ! 
the stunning bay at chicago finds its equal in the ambassador east hotel . this hotel feels like luxury was built into everything , down to the wonderful room service and conference rooms . besides being in an active neighborhood in chicago , the ambassador east is close enough to the action and beautiful sights chicago has to offer . the overall service of the hotel was wonderful . i felt like i was treated as a king . the room was very neat , regal , and relaxing . i especially liked the bathroom as it was clean and soothing . the pump room was also a great place for excellent dining . my stay here was completely enjoyable while maintaining a high level of productivity . overall , the stay here was fantastic and worth every penny . i would return to the ambassador east hotel in a heartbeat if given the opportunity . 
my wife and i stayed at this hotel at the end of may , N . she came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city . we got a deal on this hotel through travelzoos . N night stay for N night plus we got the full buffet breakfast . the room was wonderful . extremely large king size bed with expansive sitting area . we are used to smaller hotels with little room to move . the bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows . no wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit ( poor taps ) . we could have upgraded to river view for N night but chose not to . we enjoyed the room for what it was . Nnd floor looking south . the buffet breakfast was great . lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs , non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please . great to have breakfast included in night stay . might be a bit dear to pay at N person . it was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast , coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal . concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat , always informative and ready to provide maps , directions , multiple suggestions and even make the reservations . cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs . location was great . blocks from el and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river . if in chicago again , would not hesitate to stay here again . a swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it . 
the name conrad ( the most luxurious of all hilton hotels ) should illicit nothing but images of pure elegance and luxury however , the conrad in chicago , il did obviously not receive the memo . upon entering the hotel , we were not greeted by any of the hotel staff . additionally , we were not offered any help . the desk receptionist was beyond rude . her snide remarks towards my wife and me set the tone for a the rest of our stay . after getting our card , we were finally offered help with our luggage . the young man who helped us could barely handle our luggage . strangely , he somehow found more strength when it was time to collect his tip . he received the tip he deserved , which he scoffed about and groaned under his breath as he walked away . upon first looking at the room it was beautiful . however , closer inspection revealed that the room had not been cleaned since the last visitor had left . there was hair in the sink and around the toilet . there was even a used bar of soap in the bathtub . this fact was not met with any apology by hotel staff . instead , i was told that was preposterous and that the room had indeed been cleaned to the highest of standards . two-hours later , someone came into the room to ' investigate ' . when they saw the mess that had been left , they offered a menial apology . still another two hours later , housekeeping arrived . the level of incompetence even extended to the valets in the parking garage . in the most incredible display of stupidity of our visit , the valet actually brought the wrong car to me . i was half tempted to take the car that was brought to me ( it was certainly an incredible make and model ) , but my better judgment prevailed . i informed the valet of his mistake , to which he replied , ' sorry dude , i read your ticket wrong . ' i know that he did not smoke in my car , but he smelled so strongly of smoke , that the smell melted into my seat . luckily , its location on rush will help get out of the terror that is conrad chicago . there are so many better hotels in chicago -- please spend your money elsewhere . 
i was apprehensive after reading some of the more negative reviews of the hotel allegro . however , our stay there was without problems and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful . the room was not huge but there was plenty of room to move around without bumping into one another . the bathroom was small but well appointed . overall , it was a clean and interestingly decorated room and we were pleased . others have complained about being able to clearly hear people in adjacent rooms but we must have lucked out in that way and did not experience that although we could occasionaly hear people talking in the hallway . one other reviewer complained rather bitterly about the area and said that it was dangerous and i can ' t even begin to understand that as we found it to be extremely safe . the area is also very close to public transportation ( we used the trains exclusively ) and got around quite well without a car . we would most definetly stay here again and recommend it to others . 
the james hotel met and exceeded our expectations . a haven of cool , uncluttered comfort in a hot , crowded but congenial city . located within steps of some of the greatest art , architecture , culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in north america , the staff of the james provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited . the check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm , restorative oasis . it is difficult to over-praise the friendly , attentive staff this is a hotel that truly has its act together ! the day before our visit ended , we experienced problems with the room ' s air conditioner . when the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem , we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the chicago skyline . we eagerly await the opening of new james hotels in other cities . 
although the intercontinental chicago hotel is located on ' the magnificent mile , ' our entire experience as guests there was anything but . . . . believe me , the ' magnificence ' ends at the hotel entrance ! from check-in to check-out , our impressions ranged from lackluster to horrific . first , there was an error with our reservation , and once we got to our room , we found that neither our phone nor our internet connection worked , so down i trudged to the registration desk--where i had to wait in line for at least twenty minutes--to ask for help . the first night we spent was nearly totally sleepless due to tv noise coming from the next room we weren ' t sure whether it was due to excessively inconsiderate neighbors or thin walls . then , dog tired the next morning--even though we had hung a ' do not disturb ' sign on our door handle--in barged the maid all bright-eyed and bushy tailed with scrubber in hand . following that rude awakening , i was jarred again by a blood-curdling shriek from my wife , who , upon entering the bathroom to take her shower , was greeted by an incredibly large roach ! breakfast--actually all meals of which we partook at the hotel--were served cold and were somewhat tasteless . we were routinely ignored by the concierge , who always seems to be on a personal call whenever we needed him . trying to leave the hotel was equally as difficult as checking in . of course , there was a gross error in our bill which caused us to be delayed in our effort to depart . getting out of the intercontinental chicago was , believe me , the best part of our experience as guests there . 
 the hard rock hotel chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels . the hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone . the hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers , dancers , actors etc . the staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant . the rooms were very clean and nicely decorated , as were the common areas and hallways . i would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area . 
we were amazed by this hotel . the first great part is the location . its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer . the view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over chicago . they even had a florist , as i bought my wife a rose . the menus , the lobby , everything was fantastic . the room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day . i didn ' t use the fitness center but it looked very nice , i did however visit the bar . . . . and when i return to chicago , i will again . 
i have stayed at the omni off an on over the years . on business , for personal trips . this trip started off quite rocky , and left me very un-impressed . N ) be aware , they have a new policy where they charge debit card N per day for ' incidentals ' which you may incur . they do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card . even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance . the desk clerk claimed ' all the hotels do this now ' . . . funny how when i put a remote employee at the o ' hare hilton on my business debit card , i was never asked for additional funds . having a policy is one thing , spreading blame for it is another . while not a problem for me , someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this ' policy ' of theirs . to my knowledge , they never did this sort of thing before . ( i don ' t use credit cards , its why i have money in a recession . ) ) N ) rooms were clean , but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list . the only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water ( about N ml ) for N . N . as such , be careful with the tray of goodies . if the water is N . N , imagine what the snickers bar might cost . N ) our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken , and would not move . calling the front desk resulted in . . . nothing . finally about N N pm i elected to have another look at it , and it seemed to be off its track . i was able to successfully ' fix ' it , but the lack of response from maintenance , considering the rate for a suite , is sad . i remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive . N ) the seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now . overall , i think i will be skipping the omni , and they will get no more of my business . it seems hilton treats people better overall . it ' s quite sad , as i have a lot of good memories with omni . i will not be back . 
i stayed here for N nights last summer . i booked the reservation on priceline for N night which was the cheapest rate i could find anywhere during a convention week . anyway , when i arrived at N pm from the airport , i was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me . they booked me at a dumpy N star motel by the airport . they gave me N for a taxi to get there , and it cost me N . i was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing unpacking . the millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up . no free drink , no room upgrade , nothing . since i booked on the internet , i was chopped liver . beware . 
we loved the hotel . when i see other posts about it being shabby i can ' t for the life of me figure out what they are talking about . rooms were large with two bathrooms , lobby was fabulous , pool was large with two hot tubs and huge gym , staff was courteous . for us , the location was great--across the street from grant park with a great view of buckingham fountain and close to all the museums and theatres . i ' m sure others would rather be north of the river closer to the magnificent mile but we enjoyed the quieter and more scenic location . got it for N on hotwire . what a bargain for such a nice hotel . 
on a recent trip to chicago to attend a major trade show i had the pleasure of staying with the sofitel chicago water tower . i say stay with as that is how they make you feel , from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return . the rooms are clean , chic and roomy , the beds - the best i have slept in , bathrooms large and super clean . what can i say , my new home when in chicago . . . 
amalfi hotel chicago is just minutes from navy pier , michigan avenue , the chicago opera theater , the house of blues , and the hottest night clubs . at N . N per night , you can expect the very best from your staff , and your accomodations . when i arrived for my weekend stay , i was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art , and eclectic style . after reaching my room , i was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows . i didn ' t choose to use the spa this trip , but when i come back , it will be the first item on my list ! the business office was great , because i had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour . breakfast was delicious . i have already told a friend from naperville that the next time i ' m in town , she ' ll have to stay at amalfi with me , instead of commuting . she really missed out ! -atlanta girl- 
it ' s not a bad hotel . it ' s just so . . . disappointing . as a diamond member , i expect slightly more than a room with two double beds with no view . i ' m not distraught over this , but come on . ditto the continental breakfast in the executive lounge , which has nothing but fattening pastries , bagels and cereal . low-level hampton inns have a free breakfast that puts this to shame . and what ' s with the lounge not opening until N Nam ? business travelers often need to be gone by N N , not sitting down to their meager breakfast . the in-room wifi is a pain to access , and i somehow got stuck with the N . N plan even though i selected the basic plan . ( don ' t get me started on how a N night hampton inn can offer free wifi and a full-service hilton towers seemingly can ' t . . . ) . finally , what ' s with the two bathrooms per one hotel room ? it ' s an unseemly waste of space , especially when the rooms are so meager . and the gold-plated bathroom fixtures scream N , not N , as does the picture-tube tv ( vs . flat panel ) . overall , this is a huge disappointment over which conrad should be ashamed . 
i stayed at the allegro for several days in august N and i would defintely stay again . i had a very large room with a huge bathroom , although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout . the lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges , a nice place to enjoy the simple ( N choices , no munchies ) but pleasant wine reception . at night , there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity , other than theater traffic , but it ' s a short cab ride to michigan avenue shopping and river north restaurants . 
i love the ambassador east , true , she ' s a little old but she ' s a classic treasure . the service is wonderful , from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome ! i felt the service was good , room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating . the biggest gem is the pump room bar and restaurant . the best drinks , amazing food , exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends . this is set in the most fabulous location historical neightborhood , close to walk the lakefront , well known hometown bars , excellent restaurants chicago has to offer and most of all shopping . there was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends , giving this area a real interesting flavor of chicago . i can see it needs some updating but i was totally happy and content with my stay . i travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels . i will stay here again in the future . 
we chose the talbott hotel primarily for the location , but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it . although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities , we found both severely lacking . we had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary . we asked for , and were promised , a king room . however , when we checked in , we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available . we could either take a double queen room , or pay significantly more for a suite . we took the key for our double queen room and were on our way . upon arriving on our floor , we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway , squealing and playing . it turns out that this hotel offers american girl visits for the nearby store . it turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a girl scout troop on an american girl trip ! we went back downstairs to request a move to another room , and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available . we explained that we were here for our anniversary , and the ambiance wasn ' t exactly what we were looking for . the clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she couldn ' t help us - they didn ' t have anything else . sorry . back upstairs we went . tired from travel , we decided to order from room service for dinner . our pasta , when it arrived , was barely warm and mediocre in flavor . we ate it anyway and prepared for bed . after using the bathroom , we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing . after jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank , we couldn ' t get the water to stop running . it took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem . the next morning , after showering , i discovered the hair dryer didn ' t work properly . after pulling my wet hair back in a clip , we went out for the day . upon our return , we expected to find our room made up and fresh . it hadn ' t been touched . we called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it , but by the time we ' d left for dinner , nobody had arrived . our room wasn ' t made up that day . that night , the girl scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after Nam . we asked them several times to be quiet , but they didn ' t want to listen , and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen . we called down to the desk , and they told us ' they would take care of it ' , but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway . nobody came to shoo them away . the next morning , i turned on the hairdryer , expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before . it didn ' t ! stuck wearing my clip again , we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip . this hotel had potential , but the staff doesn ' t care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers . 
i stayed at this hotel for a week with my family this hotel is huge so clean has comfy beds foods great staff couldn , t of being any nicer . stayed here for thanksgiving it was fabulous second time in chicago and still want to go back again . . . the hotel is within walkin distance to both state street and michicgan avenue . there , s taxis right outside the hotel and the concierge can also ring for mini buses if your travelling with a big crowd . there , s also a cinema N mins away opposite the hotel . perfect hotel for a great get away . . . 
my husband and i made a reservation for Nsure nights but decided to stay just the second night . i called the hotel and spoke with eric , he quickly canceled my reservation and i asked if we would be charged for thd cancellation , he said no and that was the end of it . my husband then remembered we needed to cancel from bookit . com as well . i called and they said the hotel wouldnt authorize a cancellation per the terms and agreement . i informed courtney from bookit . com that i specifically asked if we would be charged and i was told no by eric . she spoke with the mgr erica and she said erica would honor that if i could provide a name . i got his name and callex back and he told the bookit consultant that he ' didnt recall ' saying that . i was so furious that i called him on Nthe way with the bookit consultant and he just lied ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! he said , no ma ' am i dont remember saying that . i said so since you dont remember thats it ? ? ? i said my husband heard him say it b c he was on speaker phone since we were driving on the way there . i asked to speak to erica , told her the situation and she said she cant go off of heresay and couldnt honor what her employee screwed up on . i asked him nicely to please tell the truth and he just would not tell thr truth . i have never writte . a review for a hotel before but i am going to go out of my way to make sure corporate sees this . erica was very unprofessional and cared more about not taking sides than she did about making sure the guests feel welcome . very disappointed ! ! will never stay again ! ! 
this hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means . incompetent service . hotel ran out of hot water by Nam saturday . elevators were very slow , waited N minutes on any given event . red line trains ran every N minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night . used my stay toward nw airlines bonus points . bar was ok . one cup coffee service was awful . no free wireless and no free cable channels . fridge was N bucks a day to use . with http hotels . com res got it for N bucks with tax so what can you expect . ? . . . . location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives . 
my family stayed at this hotel and walking into the lobby i expected a very good experience . once i made my way to the counter and was greeted ( not really ) i knew this may be a bad experience . the customer service person was rude and did not wait on me for a few minutes . once i got up to the room it looked like someone had just checked out . the high chair that we requested still had spots of food on it . the rest room had water on the counter and very little toilet paper . after we got settled we went down to the dining room for supper and was disappointed in the service and the food quality for the price we paid . luckily we only had to stay there one day . one day was almost too long . 
my husband and i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel chicago and we can ' t wait to go back ! the hotel is located in downtown chicago and seems to be at the heart of the city , we were close to everything . the hard rock hotel is forty stories high and the view from our room was simply breathtaking . the room itself was spotless and featured modern luxurious decor and furnishings . the bed was heavenly . the hotel staff was friendly , upbeat and extremely helpful , we asked for directions and restaurant recommendations and they were spot on with both . i highly recommend the hard rock hotel in chicago and i would stay there again in a heartbeat . 
wow ! that is all i can say ! my girlfriends and i recently went on a little ' excursion ' to chicago for a girls weekend and we stayed at this beautiful hotel . the rooms were beautifully decorated in a comfortable , modern style . the beds were so comfortable and cozy with the softest bedding i have ever felt on a hotel bed . our views were just as amazing . we could even see lake michigan from our suite . we only dined in the hotel once during our trip , but it was the best time we had . the aria restaurant was so elegant yet fun . very clean and just a great atmosphere . the staff was extremely professional and courteous , going out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasure from the moment we walked through their doors . highly recommended ! a must see next time you visit this area . 
the swissotel chicago is a very mediocre hotel , the service is always poor , and the room service food always comes cold , unless it ' s supposed to be cold than it comes warm . i would rather stay at a super N than this place again . 
just returned to seattle after a visit home to chicago and i loved the james ! ! ! recently stayed at the ritz at water tower and the dana around the corner--both of which were great but the james was perfect . secured the room through a package w american express for a great deal so though the view wasn ' t great the space , decor and location can ' t be beat . staff was friendly , courteous and very helpful , the gym was substantial and though i didn ' t try the restaurants room service , the menus looked yummy . i ' ve stayed in chgo in that area on avg N-Ns mo over the past three years and the james is at the top my list now . if you can get a good deal , i highly recommend ! ! 
used this hotel the first time i was in chicago . for the prices and for being classified an intercontinental . . . i wouldn ' t consider it that good . the rooms were solid . the view was ok ( but so is it virtually everywhere else on michigan ave . ) the service was ok . the prices were ridiculous for everything from wifi to well everything else . we came here for a jewish hindi wedding . appetizer was fine . main entree was a small portion of meat with forgettable everything else . dessert was inedible . i have been to some other expensive hotels with similar ratings but they had more or just better rooms to an extent that it would be worth it . i personally preferred the conrad . better prices and better service . 
i expected a bit more from the hyatt regency chicago i stayed at recently . i was appalled of the conditions of the room we stayed in . the linens were not clean , the toilet paper roll was nearly empty with no spare left , and there was a lock on the door that didn ' t function . the turndown service left me no chocolate on my pillow and i think they took a few more pieces of the already nearly empty toilet paper , again with out leaving a spare . i would not stay there again . traveler beware ! ! 
if you ' re looking for an elegant hotel in downtown chicago , you have to stay here . the ambassador east hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home . the perfect place for a business person , and if you have a small pet you can bring them too ! i would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again . 
me and my wife recently stayed at the hilton chicago while on vacation , and i can ' t recommend it enough . the hotel is located right on michigan avenue in downtown chicago , and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores . the rooms are spacious and elegant they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish . i especially liked the big flat screen tv and the very comfy bed , sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but i had no problem falling asleep . i highly recommend the hilton chicago , i ' ll definitely stay there again . a 
this is best hotel bargin in chicago if you are not overly unhappy with a small room . great hotel just redone by kimpton . this is a great hotel chain that really provides a the sense of escape and fun to all of their hotels . this is a location just off of lasalle and next to the cadillac theater . it has a N star resturant which we enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere an amazing italian meal . the wine list is one of the best in a city of great restaurants . the kimptons have a social hour N to N with wine at all of their hotels . you sit in a designer , kind of london circa N couch with a fire place nearby and have that lost art form of relaxation with you fellow guests . they are super animal friendly and provide complete services to your dog if you wish to bring it . the exercise room is great and there is a spa here as well . there are two other kimptons here but for the money the allegro is the best value and location . always consider kimptons as they never disappoint where ever we have used them . 
staying at the sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences i have had in chicago . upon entering , there was no one offered to take my luggage so i was forced to carry it up to the check in desk . the front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming . the room was smaller than i expected and smelled of fake suede . i decided to have drink and some food in le bar and upon entering , i immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was . i could barely see the bartenders face . the drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what i was expecting . after an hour , i was ready for bed so i returned to my room to lay down . the mattress was surprising stiff . the noise was higher than expected as well . thankfully , it was only a one night stay . 
let me just preface this by saying that i absolutely loved my stay at this hotel . i chose it largely for location as i don ' t really love to walk that much and i was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city . it was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and i mainly ventured out for food , of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help . we had originally booked the king guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the deluxe king guestroom by the front desk . everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something i look for and remember when i go to stay in a location again . our room was amazing . seriously amazing . it was so chic and i just loved the headboard over our bed . there wasn ' t one little spot of dust to be found . the bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet . we didn ' t take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious . we had dinner at david burke ' s primehouse . i cannot recommend the ny ribeye more highly . it was fantastic . for dessert we had the brown butter corn cake . i ' ve been trying to replicate that dish ever since i got home . i ' m sad to say that i didn ' t get a chance to try any of the treatments at spa by asha but i definitely will make a point to on my return visit . the james chicago made our trip to chicago memorable . the staff was friendly , the hotel beautiful , and the food delicious . what more could you want ? 
i gave the conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably . the hotel will not honor room requests . i expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation . i got there and my ' view ' was of the adjacent office building windows . i didn ' t pay nearly N a night for that . i called down and the manager was absolutely rude . ' that would ' ve required you to pay at least N more . . ' rude . lots and lots of mistakes happened . requested pillows were never sent up , the television sound was not functioning ( i . e . no sound ) , when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little . i ' ve had better service at a hampon inn ! when they screwed up our breakfast vouchers i had to physically go down and question it . . they said ' we will send them right up ' . . no , that never happened . absolutely ridiculous . the bathroom has always been nice , and the room had been renovated since i was there last year ( thank the lord ! ) . . . it had a nice ambiance to it . the bed was quite nice as well . the valet guys were fantastic , probably the nicest men within that entire hotel . also the bellman , and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said ' hi ' or ' hope you have a wonderful day ' . . i appreciated that . perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service . breakfast at the conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely . the service was abysmally inept , and not to mention slow . we had two different watresses and it took upward of N minutes just to get our juice . they looked like they hated their jobs , and treated us with the same attitude . we were never checked on after the food came . the food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking . i got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin ( burnt ) , a small croissant , and a tiny cinnamon roll . N dollars for that . laughable . or if you choose , for N dollars you can get some toast and juice ! spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money . overall , the managers need to learn what customer service means , and how to bend over backwards for a customer . otherwise your business will crumble . and the conrad has crumbled for me . i spent way too much money on terrible service . i ' ve already sent my opinions to hilton headquarters . i ' ll be looking at other hotels the next time im in chicago . 
the windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago ' s best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury . with fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking . this hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire . with a fabulous restaurant on the Nth floor with dinning at its best . with it over looking the great chicago area . so the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff . 
elegant and modernized hotel with great staff . location is wonderful . the health club located in the hotel had everything needed to get my complete workout . i will be staying there again due to the wonderful experience and decent prices . 
i recently stayed at the swissotel chicago with my husband and two children . while the room was comfortable , i did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children . the main reason for this was the dining . while the in house restaurants had children ' s options , there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal . anyone with children knows that you don ' t want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times . this was especially true since we were traveling . we arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed . however , our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants . this was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package . 
after reading some of the most recent reviews i ' m really perplexed . i didn ' t know what to expect , but i was most pleasantly surprised . just as all the past reviews , both negative and positive , have stated , you can ' t beat the location of this hotel . it ' s perfect . we had a big spacious room in the old tower . we avoided the expensive pitfalls of the hotel extras such as bottled water and items in the room fridge . the beds were great , the rooms were kept clean and the staff was very friendly . great martinis in the hotel bar . i really can ' t understand the negative reviews . i know you can ' t please everyone , but in some cases i simply don ' t believe their claims . i ' ve traveled a lot and have stayed in plenty of hotels . this is a great hotel ! 
my sister and i stayed on the Nnd floor , there was a refrigerator in the hallway for the first three nights , beat up and old dorm style . it was not until we told the concierge that we were going to post the picture we took of it on tripadvisor did the thing get removed . breakfast dishes left outside rooms will stay on the floor for a day or two routinely . all night there are chimes that make noise , that are supposed to be comformting or relaxing and rather they are just annoying . there is no wifi - no matter what they tell you , i paid for the wifi , and still we were unable to get on . lastly , my sister and i split the bill , i had already paid for the first night in form of a deposit and they gave her the credit . room cost with city taxes etc . was N . N a night . i know the comfort inn just a few blocks away is significantly cheaper ! so while the view was wonderful , it is not worth the money . 
the hard rock hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into chicago . . the location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as lake michigan , millennium park , and art museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from . my co-works loved the exterior of the building , views from the rooms , the art on the walls , and crisp , clean hip feeling of the hotel , but not ' too over the top ' for ' business ' . by far a better experience than your usual ' chain ' hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms . here you feel special . . . for the same price . the lobby and bar have fun cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on michigan ave ( or catch a real rock star in the lobby ! ) 
when my sister got married last summer , our stay at the sheraton hotel was delightful ! billy and the kids and i were exhausted after the long flight from san francisco , so it ' s a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax ! the kids adored the indoor pool , billy couldn ' t stop talking about the beautiful jogging path , and i even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day . the reception dinner at shula ' s steakhouse was fun and delicious . i would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in chicago for an extended visit ! 
the hyatt regency chicago hotel is perfecty located in the center of downtown chicago . whether you are going there for business or pleasure , it is in the perfect place . the rooms are large and beautiful and the ball room took my breath away . the wi-fi connection was perfect for the work i needed to do and the show at the navy pier was perfect for when i needed a break . other hotels have nothing on the hyatt . i just wish there was a hyatt regency in every city for all of my business trips . 
just got back from N days up in chicago shopping with girlfriends . first time i have stayed at the omni . i did so because i saw a N . N rate that included N . N of free food on travelzoo . the three of us ( N year olds ) all stayed in one suite with N double beds and a very comfortable pull out sofa . we had plenty of room . food in the restaurant was great , service was outstanding from everone we came into contact with , early morning delivery of free coffee , juice and hot chocolate was fabulous and recommendations from the staff on where to eat , time of movies , shopping areas , etc was really helpful . need i mention the outstanding location ? simply the best ! we all decided that the omni is our new favorite hotel . 
the only minus for this hotel is they do not provide the free morning coffee at all the other kimpton hotels . it was a great place to stay for the theater but our rate did say morning coffee . the robes were not in the room and it took a long time ( hours ) but other than that a great place . the concierge was excellent . 
my wife and i travelled to chicago and really were treated like royalty by the hotel staff ! ( my brother and his wife also stayed during this period . ) the front desk staff , the concierge , the star bucks server , the restaurant , the lounge servers . . . all were wonderful ! the rooms were spacious and the flat screen tv was really great ! the bath room was a real plus . . . it was huge and had everything one desires . great view from Nth floor to michigan avenue below ! overall , great stay and highly recommended ! 
room i stayed in the Nthz floor . N double bed room . the room has a decent size . equipment is state of the art . the furniture are stylish . room size was very nice . i could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay ( which rarely happens in most hotels ) ) N ' lcd screen complimentary wifi in the room the bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me . location located quite central . shopping streets are in reach of N minutes by feet . midway airport is in reach by cab within N minutes ( N usd ) . service - spa and fitness exists - though i did not use . - restuarant ( not used ) - business center - very friendly and helpful staff . ( even printed our boarding passes at the reception ) i do travel frquently , and do recommend this hotel for a business stay , as also for an overnight with friends going shopping , partying whatever in the city center of chicago . pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel . 
we recently celebrated our Nth anniversary in chicago and stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . having looked at a gizillion places i chose this one because of its location to navy pier . ( we were going on a dinner cruise-the odyssey at navy pier ) the hotel is a short walk . . . unless you are wearing heels ) to navy pier . we found out on the way home only a N cab ride ) worth N to your blisters ! ! its also only a short walk to michigan ave shopping . . . for comfortable shoes perhaps ? ? i chose this hotel because of location , but the views are also terrific . this time we had a lake view of navy pier , but our previous trip we had a river and lake view . both very nice . the hotel is very nice . several restaurants , although we haven ' t tried them . the burger place downstairs sure smelled good though ) we ended up at bubba gumps at navy pier . good ! the rooms were very spacious and clean ! ! i am kind of a germaphobe ! so clean is important for my sanity ) the bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk , and a cool water fountain . ) i obviously highly recommend this hotel ) i N chicago 
terrible time at the talbott . when i planned my vacation to chicago i called ahead and made reservations to stay here . when i went to check in i was told i didn ' t have a reservation , knowing my credit card was charged i argued with the guy who was working . finally the only option he gave me was to speak with someone else . thankfully they knew how to use the computer . i go up to my room and there was a terrible smell of beer and feet . i could not believe it when i complained , i was told to spray some air freshener . i had to go visit family . when i got back my room key did not work . once again there i was complaining to the helpless employee . he told me the magnetic strip must of came in contact with a magnet . i could not believe the mentality of this guy . i had one more night reserved , i could not take it anymore and i went and spent the rest of my vacation at my aunts house . i would not recommend the talbott to anyone . 
i recently stayed at the affina chicago hotel and was really dissappointed . when i arrived , the desk clerk was really slow checking me in . i feel like turtles could have checked me in faster . i was finally checked in and my room was on the Nth floor . the elevator ride seemed to take forever . i arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great , but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table . i figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it . i went to the c-house for supper that evening and i had to wait for what seemed like forever . the meal was good , but my waitress was very uptight . on my way back to my room , i asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for N am the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up . it would have been nice to actually get it though . the next morning i surprisingly work up at N N am and realized that i had not received a wake up call . i was very upset and let them know . overall this experience was not worth the N stars that this hotel has been given . for the price , quality and ratings the affina chicago hotel has been given , i would expect better service . 
my stay was quick but awesome . after a long day , seeing a substantial line at check-in was a bit of a groaner , but then i saw the self-serve kiosks . i was checked in with keys in hand in under N minutes . in the morning i was able to check out on the tv in my room . the hotel is a beautiful historic landmark with all the amenities of a modern hotel and all the charm of its N origins . the bed was fabulously comfortable . i wish i could live there . they have many rooms wtih N bathrooms . i stayed in a room like that once with a friend and we didn ' t know ahead of time that we had two bathrooms . talk about squeals of delight . that was about N years ago in virginia beach . i was by myself at the hilton and had no need for a room with two bathrooms , but it ' s the first time i ' ve seen this since . what a great feature ! 
me ( taking a cue from david dancer ) ' sup ? front desk person yes ? me so , do i have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room ? front desk person what room are you in ? me front desk person oh . . . . i ' m afraid so . or , you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the Nth floor . me oh ? wtf ! so , we ' re staying at this hotel , and there is a bar on the Nth floor , but we have to wait N minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room ? get bent ! we ' re paying to stay here , not just drinking in your bar ! 
the hyatt regency chicago hotel offered pda or kiosk check-in which was great . they also offer hypo-allergenic rooms with air purification systems which gave us a much more delightful stay . we enjoyed the N N stay fit gym , ihome stereo with ipod docking station , flat screen tv with video on demand and wi-fi . concierge staff was very helpful with assisting us with finding excellent award winning dining and popular attractions in the area . we enjoyed our stay and will definetly return to this hotel in the future for family and business trips . 
we stayed for a one night getaway with family on a thursday . triple aaa rate of N was a steal . Nth floor room complete with Nin plasma tv bose stereo , voss and evian water , and gorgeous bathroom ( no tub but was fine for us ) concierge was very helpful . you cannot beat this location . . . only flaw was breakfast was pricey and service was very very slow ( Nhours for four kids and four adults on a friday morning ) even though there were only two other tables in the restaurant . food was very good so it was worth the wait . i would return in a heartbeat . a gem in chicago . . . 
my husband and i recently visited the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel on one of his business trips . i sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work ( don ' t worry- he likes when i return with little ' souvenirs ' for him , too ) . aside from the lovely city of chicago , this hotel was just amazing ! we had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from houston and were so tired ! the staff was genuine and friendly , all while being professional and prompt . we were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room . too tired to really take it in , we were in bed and asleep in minutes . the beds were quite welcoming ! it wasn ' t until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel ! it ' s gorgeous ! everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated ! the lobby somehow didn ' t make it into our sleepy eyes the night before , but it was just lovely ! later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant . sushi is one of my husband ' s favorites , so he tends to be picky . they passed the test according to him ! we also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well . . . everything tasted great and was of excellent quality . of our two night stay there , the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels ( i use a lot of towels i suppose ) . however , a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones . this however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay ! overall-- we ' d love to go there again ! maybe next time i can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa . . . wink 
i booked my weekend chicago stay at the hard rock hotel in chicago because of the location as well as some good reviews i found online . however , my experience at the hard rock hotel fell short of my expectations . when i arrived , well over an hour of check in time , i was told that my room was not yet ready and i was left awkwardly waiting around for another half an hour as i did not want to leave the hotel again before settling in . the hotel staff i interacted with seemed generally uninterested in their jobs , and while i do appreciate that this is a hip hotel popular with a younger crowd , there was an excessive amount of noise on the floor i was staying on throughout the night until about half past four in the morning when it quieted down ( after two calls to the front desk to make complaints about this issue ) . as i am a fairly light sleeper , i woke up several times throughout the night . i would recommend bringing earplugs if you ' re also a light sleeper but would like to get in some decent sleep . overall the hotel looked very nice , but i just felt that my experience was not worth the amount i paid for my room . 
we stayed at omni chicago for N nights in early july ( july N-N ) . the reason we chose this hotel was simply because of a great deal we got on travelzoo . we got pretty good rate that included a valet parking and vouchers for food beverages . i also signed up for their loyalty program , which was so worth it . i was concerned at first that we would be treated like a second-class guest because of the price we paid . but i was totally wrong ! they treated us extremely well . before our arrival , i got an email asking if we needed anything . so , i asked for a fridge to store the baby milk . and they arranged it for us without charge ) we arrived late on thursday night . our room was ready for us upon our arrival with the fridge i requested . we were given a corner suite on the Nth floor . . . very nice room . . . comfy bed . my husband was really wowwwww ! ! ! the bed was made ready for us - both in the bedroom and the sofa-bed ( we didn ' t use the sofa-bed though ) . we got a high-speed internet as part of the loyalty program . all staff were friendly and helpful . . . front desk , valet parking , bell boy , room service , concierge , . . . everyone ! we used the voucher for room-service breakfasts both morning . the first day was great . food was great , and quick . we also got complimentary beverages as part of the loyalty program . we ordered oj and hot chocolate . they both were so good that we ordered them again the next morning . but we were very disappointed that the hot chocolate tasted pretty horrible . it tasted like left-over coffee mixed with water and a bit of chocolate ( also , we ordered belgian waffle for our breakfast , which was supposed to come with whipped cream and strawberries . . . but we got a plain waffle . so , we had to call the restaurant and wait for a while to get those . this is why i didn ' t give ' N ' for service . however , i reported these issues to the front-desk when checking out , and the front-desk staff took care of it by not charging us for that meal . another thing is that it ' s quite noisy at night even though we were on the high floor . we could hear siren going on off during the night . but this is out of the hotel ' s control though . and i would say that it didn ' t bother us at all . my baby could sleep very well . overall , we really enjoyed our stay , and would definitely consider omni for our next trip to chicago . 
first of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all , the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is . then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room . the room it ' s self is very spacious and clean . the pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel , they never seemed to run out . the service is beyond exceptional . i would recommend staying at homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown to anyone . 
this hotel was very overpriced for what you get from staying here . the amalfi hotel chicago advertises itself as a ' luxury hotel ' located in downtown chicago . since it is in downtown chicago , that means that i had street noises keeping me up most of the night . my view also suffered . they had nicer rooms available with better views , but the markups to stay in them was outrageous ! the room itself was decent , with clean linens and nice air conditioning , but i can get that in just about any hotel these days . there wasn ' t anything particularly luxurious about the hotel to make it a stand-out for me , but for the price i paid for the room , i certainly had that expectation . it was a let down . 
this hotel gives you a lot for a reasonable price ! it has a great downtown location and a lot of added bonuses . we loved the evening cocktail hour with free alcoholic beverages and appetizers . they also have complimentary breakfast and complimentary dinner . the fitness center was very clean , i didn ' t want to leave it ! our room was a spacious suite with a kitchen included ! and i took advantage of the free grocery delivery . beds are comfortable and the room looks like it was recently renovated . but the thing that really stood out was the teamwork of such a wonderful staff . we will be back to the homewood suites the next time we come to chicago ! 
didn ' t get the room we were promised . kind of room we had reserved ( N queens ) ' wasn ' t available . they then squeezed N adult ladies into N singles and a blow-up bed . had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in ! very unsatisfactory ! ! will not return , will not recommend . will tell people going to chicago to not stay in your hotel . when i next visit paris nextspring , i intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what i think of the chicago facility . 
the fairmont chicago millennium park has to be one of the most overpriced hotels i have stayed at in a while . at almost N a night , one would expect . traveling with my wife , i expected to pay the cost of the room , already being outrageous , but then i was hit with another N charge for her to stay . even with a king bed , they only figure in one person to their cost . the beds were average and although there was much to do , everything cost an arm or a leg . it was unbelievable how much they charge for everything and to see people paying it like it was normal blew me away . all in all for the amount of money that i was paying on a per night basis , if i was in chicago for any longer than that one night , i definitely would have stayed somewhere else . i guess you live and you learn , its just a shame that i had to learn with such a high bill for very average accommodations . 
i was attending a training conference in chicago and opted to book my own room thru one of the online discount programs rather than stay at the rather sterile and pedestrian hotel where the conference was being held . i booked N nights at the intercontinental and was pleased with the elegance and convenient location ( an easy walk to the conference ) . from the lobby to the rooms , this hotel lives up to it ' s storied reputation . ( the indoor pool seems to be imported from the set of a busby berkeley movie ! ) and even tho ' i was there for a conference , the hotel ' s location on the mag mile and a quick jaunt to restaurants and theaters , made for a very pleasant stay at a very affordable price . 
this is my letter to the management . . . . . sir or madam i am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the amalfi . we were a guest from N N to N N . during our stay we used the ' valet ' service operated through standard parking . our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments . much to my chagrin , N day valet service did not include proper security monitoring , despite the premium over ' self park ' . i understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel , but i would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation . this was not the case . i hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests 
i stayed at the hilton chicago because i was attending a conference at the hotel . the room was sufficient - had a coffee maker , bed , hangers , tv , etc . that ' s about where my compliments end restaurant rates are outrageous . N for a breakfast buffet ? N to use the gym ? N . N hr for wifi ! ? ! ? ! this is unacceptable when i ' m paying N per night . thank goodness the ice was free . servers in the restaurant and bar were surly , not well-versed in english , and just rude . computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night conference was incredibly cold . . . everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time , despite our complaints to management . fridge in room was not usable . had to store cold items in the ice bucket . cable channels just flat out sucked . i was soooo bored when i had to spend an hour in my room . if i ' m paying that much , at least provide the full N channels . 
stayed in old tower . room was nice and room service was very good . room wi-fi was expensive as was the bottled water . for the price of the room , at least there should at least have been water . i would rate the value as sub-par . the restaurant menu was not great , food mediocre by comparison to other downtown chicago restaurants and the service was below average especially since there were only three tables in use in the entire restaurant . . in summary , i will go to the m . . . or h . . . next time . some of the above comments are based on a previous week resort stay on the outer banks of north carolina and earlier this year in northern california . p . s . if you are a fitness room user , the N per stay per person is a good deal at this hotel . 
we arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel . the cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in . the second night we went earlier and it was very nice . the staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area . the rooms were modern and very clean . we will stay there again . 
my husband and i visited this hotel on our way home from our honeymoon . it ' s a very nice hotel , but the valet parking is very expensive , N . N per night was rather high so we opted to park our own car . the pool was very nice , and the water was warm . the front desk was very nice and helpful , if i ever visited chicago again i would stay there . 
this is a stylish hotel located right on north michigan avenue , a five minute walk from the orange ' loop ' line that will get you to and from midway airport . forget about taking a taxi the train is a N ride and less than N minutes away . our room ( N ) was immaculate and spacious ( N sq ft , we were told ) . decorated in grays and white , the room was comfortable and soothing , not jarring . on the other hand , we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading , finding keys , etc . no kidding . the bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp . on the positive side , however , there were aveda products in the bathroom , the windows were huge , so during the day there was tons of natural light , and no issues with darkness . the king size bed was very firm , but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting . we had a largish tv with a dvd player . there is a safe and munchies . the gym is perfect , equipped with treadmills , ellipticals , bikes and weights . it is open N N and there is video surveillance for safety . there are towels , water , headphones , disposable ear pads , and complimentary green apples . suggestion if you are on a floor below the Nnd , take the elevator up to Nnd , then down to lN to get to the gym . this way you dont have to traverse the lobby . the front desk staff is amiable , and very attentive . i read some other reviews about nasty personnel , but did not have that experience at all . i got a free newspaper with a smile , a free stamp when i needed it , change and all the coffee i could tolerate in the morning . the hard rock is located less than a N minute walk from the water tower , the drury theater , john hancock , and magnificent mile . for those who like a thrifty breakfast , we recommend gourmet pantry at N n . michigan avenue -- . this deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a sunday morning , no less N . N . the hotel has a breakfast buffet for N . N per person , but we did not partake of it . we would stay at the hard rock again , and think it is great for people with ' tweens . ' not sure about the toddler set , though . 
check ins went smoothly . but be advised . . . . walls are super thin , the building is old and the rooms are very very very small . the downside of them allowing pets was that we could hear the poor dog barking in the morning probably because it needed to go out . for the price it wasn ' t bad . it was walking distance to most major attractions . overall . . . it ' s ok at best . another plus is the cta is close by . 
we stayed at the schicago hilton for N days and N nights for a conference . i have to say , normally i am very easy going about amenities , cleanliness , and the like . . . however our experience at the hilton was so awful i am taking the time to actually write this review . truly , do not stay at this hotel . when we arrived in our room , it was clear that the carpet hadn ' t been vacuumed . i figuered , ' okay , it ' s just the carpet . ' until i saw the bathroom ! although the bathroom had all the superficial indicators of housekeeping having recently cleaned ( i . e . , a paper band across the toilet , paper caps on the drinking glasses , etc . , it was clear that no actual cleaning took place . there was a spot ( probably urine ! ) on the toilet seat and , i kid you not , the remnants of a lip-smudge on the glass . i know people who have worked many years in the hotel industry and they always warned that lazy housekeeping will make things ' appear ' clean but in fact they make no effort to keep things sanitary . well , the hilton was proof . i called downstairs and complained , and they sent up a chambermaid hours later . frankly , i found the room disgusting . the hotel itself , outside the rooms , was cavernous and unwelcoming , with an awful echo in the lobby area that created a migraine-inducing din . rarely have i been so eager to leave a place as this . when i got home , i washed all my clothes whether i had worn them or not , such was the skeeviness of our accomodations . please , do yourself a favor and stay at a clean hotel . 
i stayed at the fairmont chicago for one night - i ' m a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals . i checked in late ( almost Npm ) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- atlanta . i took the shuttle to the airport ( best option in lieu of the over priced taxis ) , and it was my first time staying at the hotel . upon arrival , i immediately noticed the entrance , which appeared very welcoming and warm to me . i checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if i ' d prefer a king or double ( reconfirming my reservation preference ) . i always take the king when i can , and the bed was fantastic ! it was suited with great linen and these incredible down feather pillows named encompass made by the pillow factory -- i checked the tags , since i plan to buy some ! i ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - aria , which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and yes , it does stand out all on it ' s own . the food is asian fusion , and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie , i appreciate great food when i taste it ! the hotel service was good as well . only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely . they missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet , which tasted a bit ' metallic ' . but they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after i passed on the buffet . i would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view ( if you can get a room with one ) , fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet . 
i just left the conrad chicago and have nothing but good things to say . we used hilton points to stay there but paid N night to upgrade to a junior suite . we were in room N . i would reccomend people ask for an odd numbered room so that they will have a view looking north on michigan ave . our room was very modern with N large hd flat panel tv and bose N speaker sound system . N big windows that actually open . the bed lineds were very nice , the towels were ok . the room was clean and the bath room had a seperate shower and tub . marble everywhere . robes , slippers , etc . the work out room was good with different machines and some free weights . there are clean towels in the workout room too . we never ate in the hotel so i can ' t comment on the food or the prices . there is a starbucks across the street ( michigan ) and an espresso bar attached to the nordstrom that is on the ground floor of the hotel . it was very nice to have the little mall right under the hotel . the location of the hotel could not be better . we were walking distance to everything . every kind of shopping or dinning experience you could possibly want was within N miles . over all the hotel had a boutique feel to it even though it is part of the hilton chain . 
the hotel is almost always very helpful . this stay caused me to re-think if i like the palmer house . i had dirty covers for the bed . it was also the smallest room in the hotel i am sure . my husband and i usually come N times each year . he is there doing business and cta work . we are not pleased with the size of the room at all now . rooms have always had two chairs , desk , and usually N by N feet . not this room on the Nth floor . it was only N x N approx . the service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time . in the past we had a bell man steal a N . pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially . 
my stay at this hotel was one of the best i have ever had ! the location , service and accommodations were all outstanding ! ! the lobby area is beautiful as was my room . in the room there was more than enough space , which is difficult to find in chicago hotels . my only gripe was the room was a little dark . sure , staying at a small , upper-class hotel like the talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it . the service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed . the room service took a bit longer than i would have liked , however , the food was good quality . another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the equinox fitness center . finally , the location is perfect ! ! it ' s located in a beautiful area of the city near the gold coast , which has many very good restaurants . a personal favorite of mine is mario ' s , a nice italian place nearby . overall , my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were , for the most part , insignificant . 
i had an awful experience here . the staff were rude and unhelpful . it took forever to check in and when i did , they took a while to even find my reservation . when i got to the room , it was marginally clean and when i complained , they said they were full and could not do anything for me . i would never go back . they are obviously not worried about customer service . 
after staying at the sheraton royal orchid hotel in bangkok , i was expecting a similar experience at the chicago sheraton . i had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience . unfortunately , my expectations were not met . for the past N years i stayed at the palmer house in the loop , but thought i ' d try a more modern hotel . pros - location by the chicago river , two blocks from michigan avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes , crepes and french toast cons - check-in assigned me to a city view room when i had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good , but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive bathtub-shower combination worn plumbing fixtures only N sets of towels provided - guest room was small only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - N to N block walk to nearest l-station - concierge couldn ' t explain how to get to the mercury theatre , nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the link cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the link cafe where boarding passes can be printed 
i can ' t recall another time i ' ve had to deal with such rude front desk help . while pleasant initially , as soon as i demonstrated the slightest bit of frustration that i was still waiting to claim my luggage for check-in ( i arrived prior to check-in time , so they were holding a few bags ) , the true quality of this establishment surfaced . never mind that the luggage wasn ' t sent up to our room in the afternoon or that i waited in the lobby for N minutes at N Npm still looking for my luggage or at least a bellhop . while that was a bit annoying , the worst part was witnessing the poor attitude of donna , the very attractive but aloof front desk employee . her lack of initiative was only matched by her pettiness , as i noticed she refused to make eye contact with me for the remainder of my stay , including when my family came down to the lobby the following morning . i also booked a rate that included parking , which donna acknowledged at check-in but at check out billed me separately i assume after i got on her bad side . even with my last polite good bye to the front desk , i felt a phony , uppity attitude from donna , and i really can ' t convey the extent of how insulting it felt . i can honestly say it was the worst part of my first trip to chicago . the hotel is well appointed and the lobby was small but cozy . great location as well . to be fair , most of the staff seemed very friendly , and i am not so obtuse as to not recognize my rating of this hotel is a statistical outlier . but i think most travelers , like me , would trade a few amenities for consistent and reliable service , so as to not have a ' situation ' that could single-handedly ruin a travel experience . unfortunately , that was the case here . 
my husband and i arrived for a N night stay for our Nth wedding anniversary . we had booked an executive guest room , upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful junior suite . this was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend . the front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed . the chicago affinia was just a gorgeous hotel , friendly staff , lovely food and great atmosphere . not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic . also we were allowed to bring out beloved shi-tzu and he experienced the jet set pets stay . the grooming was perfect , the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with . this was a beautiful weekend , thank you affinia hotels ! we would visit this hotel again ! 
booked through hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage . the ' view ' was of the ' inner courtyard ' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms . you were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night . they no longer have in-room coffee appliances . you either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room , or go around the corner to starbucks or mcdonald ' s . internet access is not free ( N . N N hours ) , the ' gift shop ' is a joke ( tucked away in the corner of the coat check room , concierge services have limited hours , and the business center is open only during ' business hours ' which made it difficult to get work done after ' business hours . ' i would not stay there ever again , nor do i recommend it to anyone . i have had better stays at any holiday inn express ! 
i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago while in town for business , and enjoyed my stay very much . i stayed in a room with a king bed , which was very comfortable . the room had all the things i needed for my stay , which was nice . the only thing is i think there was a party on my floor , but they quieted down quickly enough . my room even had an internet connection ! i also had dinner one night at the china grill , and it was an amazing meal ! overall , i had a great stay , and will return next time i am in chicago . 
i went to chicago and we made a reservation to hotel monaco chicago which is a kimpton hotel , and i decided to stay in a tranquility suite . which was amazing i went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space . room service was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick . another thing was that it was pet friendly which i thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs . the hotel was amazing and beutiful . 
the location was good . check-in was ok . asked for non smoking room , given floor with half smoking half non smoking . we could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened . we asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor . they did not bring up the key , we had to go down to the lobby to get it . breakfast could have had some healthy choices , the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh . bananas not ripe . room only had one wash cloth , had to call down for more . housekeeping never showed up at our room . not for turndown service , not for the morning clean -up . called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the do not disturb sign . they said they would come up and they never came when they said they would . we finally told them not to come because of the time . we wanted to get ready to go out for dinner . never greeted by anyone as we came and went . i have stayed at the peninsula and the burnham . the burnham was booked during our stay or i would have stayed there . i will never stay at this hotel again , not worth N . N a night 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker for N nights while on a business trip , as it was conveniently located a few blocks away from the office i was visiting , and just about everything else for that matter . the lobby was absolutely beautiful , and the staff was beyond courteous and extremely helpful . the rooms were elegant and spacious , and i instantly felt right at home . the large flat screen tv as a nice touch and tv options were many . i headed downstairs to the bar for a drink , and was amazed at how well kept it was , as well as how nice everybody was . as this was my first time i asked the bartender about the area around and he gave me great advice about some places to check out . all in all this was a great experience , and next time i ' m in the area , i will definitely be staying here . i ' d recommend the millennium knickerbocker to anyone traveling to chicago . 
my first stay at this hotel and was expecting good things based on reviews . for some reason , i kept being disappointed at every turn . noisy room on the Nth floor . could not get the room to cool down - it was stifling . be warned - no water , no mini-bar no vending machine , no nothing once you get in your room . you might as well be in prison . they have coffee in the morning , but it starts at N so i had to wait both days . i guess that is convenient for them , but what about me ? workout facility - pretty small but not the smallest . the only treadmill i could get on was broken . guess what a cooler with water in it ! oh no - it was only stocked for one day . after that nothing . way to set expectations and then fail to deliver . same with towels - one day they have them - next day they don ' t . they essentially forced me to sign up for their loyalty program to avoid a riduculous N charge for wireless ( go a few doors down to starbucks where it is free ) . they should fire the marketing moron who came up with that approach . i have stayed at much better for less . won ' t be coming back . 
so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the china grill , upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi . . . we arrive at the Nth floor and my oh my ! ! ! surprise ! ! ! ladies and gentlemen this is something to be admired . . . spacious and roomy , yet warm , cozy and inviting . . . great bed , comfortable furniture , great N inch plasmas , and the views are unbelievable . . . my only complaint ? a shower should have a door to keep the heat in . . . other than that no complaints , room service was great , morning coffee was yummo . . . overall a fabulous experience ! ! ! 
hyatt regency chicago seemed like a nice place to stay , but we didn ' t like it very much . the renovations were cheap and poorly done ( our bathroom faucet was leaky and the carpet had bumps in it . ) the staff was rude ! i was trying to find a good cab service , and the guy behind the front desk made me wait for N minutes while he was finishing a phone call ! couldn ' t he have at least called someone else to help me ? the ' babies travel lite ' gave us the wrong sized diapers , so we had to go find some anyway , and with the hotel being located in the heart of the city that meant we found some unsavory characters along the way . 
the hard rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway . the rooms are quiet , the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size . we had fabulous service and got a great rate . other than the fact that there were no bathrobes ( it ' s listed as an amenity ) and the sony radio didn ' t work , it was perfect . would definitely stay there again ! 
the hyatt regency chicago basically caters to guests who want to feel like they ' re staying in a nice hotel as soon as they enter the lobby . in other words , come here for the looks , not the amenities . they make a big deal out of the fact that their bedsheets undergo a special de-germifying process . . . . you know , because a simple washing machine just isn ' t good enough . to me , this sort of thing appeals to folks who enjoy being picky and narcissistic because they identify these traits with being ' rich ' --which most of them are not . meanwhile , the hotel doesn ' t even offer free wireless--an essential feature for business travelers like me . obviously i ' m not the intended consumer , though , so i guess i shouldn ' t be surprised . 
the ambassador east hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied . upon my entrance at the ambassador east , i was greeted warmly . the staff was incredibly pleasant , and the accommodations were top-knotch . the food served at the award-winning ' pump room ' was to die for , and the service was fast but friendly . 
i truly enjoyed my stay at the omni chicago hotel . we stayed in a suite , which was clean and extremely nice , at a very reasonable rate . my husband and i spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool , but personally i preferred laying out on the sundeck . service was excellent they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown chicago area . 
elegant lobby , comfy beds , nice sheets but , we were given a ( not fancy , a little dated ) room on the Nth floor which had a view of the monstrous venting structure , and was located off the lobby so we heard the elevator all night . at the hilton , one is charged for internet access on each device per hour . ( we stayed in the middle of ohio and received total access for free . ) we didn ' t drink the N . N water or try the N . breakfast buffet . the staff was friendly , but of course you tip for a smile . they did give us a cot for free as we had asked for a room with a fold-out couch as we were a party of N . didn ' t use the gym or pool on the Nth floor , but looked nice ( small pool . ) no view of the water possible , though we were right at grant park . we tried to view the fireworks from a higher story , no such luck . . . . read more 
i ' d been searching for a cool , non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend . i thought i ' d found a winner in the affinia . . . soo disappointed ! ! in spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults , we arrived to find our room had a double bed . what ? ! i was floored , but after a delayed flight and a N hour cab ride , was too tired to make a fuss . we were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night , so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple . i was told that room service would call me back to take my order . . . and nothing happened . i didn ' t want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs . nothing special entree , dessert and nab for two still came out to . . . i am no hayseed , i ' m well aware that everything costs more in chicago , but this just wasn ' t worth it . our room was by the elevator w parking garage view . . . the bathroom was tiny , shower curtain was stained , funky toilet seat lid , and the vanity featured that ' rude awakening ' lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms , i . e . , ' holy crap , have i looked that bad this whole time ? ! ' if you ' re a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker , they charge for their chintzy coffees ( i don ' t use these , but . . . come on ) . nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar , but weak drinks . . . that night , our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that i almost asked to switch rooms . but the marathon was that weekend the hotel was so busy i didn ' t want to be a pest . i can ' t believe i was so impressed with this place online . next time i ' ll happily pay more to stay someplace that ' s actually a treat . 
while making the obligatory trip to the chicago area to visit family , we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the hard rock hotel chicago . what a great decision ! the rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities . and , according the younger members of the family , ' very cool ' ! we can ' t wait to come back . 
after reading the reviews getting an excellent rate through travelzoo , i decided to give this hotel a try . i must say it was a great choice ! the location is perfect , just off from n michigan ave , walking distance from everything . the staff was very helpful and friendly , and the room was excellent . they gave us a corner room w a great view . as many have posted , the bed pillows were very comfortable ( i am very picky about that ) . i slept well every night ! the renovation is almost done did not bother us one bit . i highly recommend this hotel . 
the amalfi hotel has a beautiful website and interior decorating , but that ' s about it . when my wife and i got here , we were given keys to a room that had not even been cleaned ! the internet access promised on the hotel ' s website was down , so i couldn ' t catch up on any of the business i had intended to do , and my wife thought that the dark design details in the room made her feel claustrophobic , like she was sleeping inside a salvador dali painting . all in all , this hotel was not worth the money , especially since we spent most of our time enjoying the city--something more casual and comfortable would have been better , and it would probably have been cleaner , too ! 
my wife and i stayed at the ambassador east hotel last month for my son ' s wedding . when we got there nobody helped us with our bags and they took forever to valet our car . after waiting N minutes to get my car parked he expected a tip , which i found rude . after finally getting to our room i noticed crumbs on the floor and a dirty bathroom . i was extremely disappointed with the room and the service . i will not recommend this place to anyone . 
reservation was for a king size bed , instead i was given a double-bed room . check-in person must had a bad hair day , because she was unfriendly . wall st journal or usa today is not complimentary . requested a room that is away from the noisy elevator , but given a room next to a service elevator which is more noisy . i didn ' t bother to file a formal complain because i was very tire . i travel often to chicago for business and the first will be the last at intercontinental . 
while the hotel certainly seems to look beautiful , the hotel is actually far from it . even booking a room online was rather difficult , and i wasn ' t able to reach a representative upon calling any of the contact numbers . in general coming here is a bad decision despite how it looks , its a mistake i wont make again and you shouldn ' t either . 
i was sorely disappointed with the sheraton chicago . from the outside it looks like a great hotel , and i guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy , not what i expected when looked at the website . the front desk staff was nice enough at first , but when i asked for the wifi password they told me i had to pay extra . i mean come on , i ' m paying over N bucks a night and wifi is extra ? the lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation . ( note to self , don ' t let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd . ) so things started off on the wrong foot anyhow . i guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview ( from some of the rooms ) and it seems pretty safe . other than that i was not impressed for the price - i ' ve stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens , a better restaurant , where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour ( we stayed two nights and we didn ' t get our beds made and fresh towels until almost N ) . i guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell . in general it seems lke it ' s on the decline and the staff knows it , they ' re just kind of lackadaisical . i wouldn ' t stay there again . 
visiting during a busy Nday conference in chicago . most hotels booked solid . the full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers . everyone is complaining about service , cleanliness , and overall experience . location is good . hotel is tired . employees surly . too many cool properties to choose from in this town , will never stay here again and will re-think hilton in general 
the hotel was undergoing renovations so it was dirty and noisy . the entrance was really scary since it was covered with scaffolding , making it dark . they charge a lot for internet hook up , wifi is not included . the staff was very slow , i am assuming they were all new . they could not say where anything was or what attractions were nearby . the room was set up weird , the bathroom opened facing the bed , rather than the hall as most do . room temp was hard to control , even though they had a digital thermostat . overall i was very disappointed , had i been staying more than one night i would have switched hotels . 
i stayed here for about a week during a conference and the service was excellent . in addition to the excellent service the location was great . with quick access to michigan ave . . the bars and shula ' s restaurant were excellent . you must have the rib-eye steak . . . very well done . 
i stayed at this hotel for a weekend and i thought it was really nice . the bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very clean . the room also had a beautiful view . it had everything you could possibly need . i almost didn ' t want to leave the room . it was definitly worth the price . i would go back . the clientel was also very helpful . 
i stayed here for a weekend while visiting some friends in town . it was a little pricey , but definitely worth it ! the staff was super friendly , the pool was clean and well-maintained , and they even had a really good veggie burger in the restaurant downstairs ( i ' m a vegetarian ) . plus , i paid for a room with a lake view and it was gorgeous . i would definitely recommend . 
the omni chicago hotel is not pretty as they advertise it . first of all , it really difficult to get there because its located in down town chicago and they fail to mention that the traffic is a nightmare . if you finally make to the hotel you have to wait like N minutes for the front desk to take care of you . when i arrived there was one person at the desk and a few people checking in , and i thought the wait time was ridiculous . to make matters worse , i need internet connection and the day i was there they had technical problems and the internet was not working in my room . two hours later they managed it get to work , the connection was still very slow . for my part , the hotel might look nice but services is did not meet my expectations . i was disappointed and will never stay there again , if i go back to chicago . if was rating it , i would give it N N star out of N . 
this comes a little late as i ' m finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months ) a dear friend and i stayed at the hyatt regency in late october N for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town . this hotel is perfect , imo . easy check in and check out . lovely , clean , comfortable rooms with great views of the city . i know this area pretty well and it ' s very convenient to many downtown chicago attractions . we had dinner and went clubing with our friends around division st . . we had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the hyatt and there ' s even public transportation right near by but we didn ' t bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel . parking , as is usual for chicago , was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly ( however , we left on a sunday morning , not exactly a high traffic time although it was a bears homegame day , so a bit busier than usual i would think ) . no problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of N through hotwire , a downright steal for this area of chicago and the quality of the hotel . 
stayed at this hotel with N friends or N nights . the hotel was clean and tidy , throughout . the concierge christopher was excellent and helped as with all our needs , gave us discount vouchers etc . hotel was in excellent position . N blocks from john hancok building and more importantly the cheesecake factory , bloomingdales N blocks away and the water tower shopping centre N blocks away . we went to the huge i max cinema which is about ten minutes away . cant wait to go back to chicago and the affinia 
after checking out of the sofitel chicago water tower the other day , i left the hotel , crossed the street and started to walk eb on chestnut while looking for a cab . i was still within sight of a sofitel doorman when i sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same . after doing so , i immediately heard a sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle . as the cab slowed to pick me up , the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction . when the cab stopped , i quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the sofitel doorman . after locking the door , the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab . after claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs , he suggested that i had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a ' jerk ' before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination . consequently , unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen , please don ' t attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman . lastly , as for the rest of my stay , you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in french instead of english . while i have nothing against the french or french language , i much prefer communicating in english when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world . viva la usa ! 
i had high hopes for the hilton chicago , but i am sad to say that i am disapointed . not only is it outrageously expensive ( over N for two people for one night ) , but they expect you to pay over N to park your car ! they do not offer free wi-fi , but instead i had to pay N to get on the internet in my room . i had to wait until N pm to check in ( even though my flight was in the morning ) and i had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from . after all of this stress , the hilton chicago didn ' t have an in hotel bar either . i doubt i will stay here again ! 
i will never stay at conrad chicago again . the employees were rude from the begining . when i asked for extra towels the lady at the front desk looked like i was an inconveniece . the bar staff wasn ' t much better . the maids never came and changed our sheet during our stay . do not go there ! 
for top class treatment choose hotel allegro . in all of my years of buisness travel and vacationing , i have never been more happy with the service at a hotel than i was at hotel allegro . i searched many hotel websites looking for the perfect hotel to spend our honeymoon , and hotel allegro seemed like the right choice . soon as i walked into to their elaborate lobby area , it was like i was a big shot on wallstreet , the service was excellent and the best part , they allow animals . they treated my little dog johnny like he was royalty . they have everything you could ever need in a hotel , from in room spa service to a workout center . they even made sure that i had all of my drinks and amentites ready for the monday night bears game . if i were to give have to rate it from a N - N . id have to give it a N many times over . i highly recommend hotel allegro in chicago illinois and i will be back again . 
to start with , this hotel had the worst customer service . they were impossible to work with on everything ! now , the problems we had in chronological order . first , we arrive at N pm sat . to check in . they did not have the room with N beds we had reserved available , so they offered us a room with one bed and a rollaway ( free of charge ) . however , the room was not ready yet . finally at N . N ! ( N . N hrs later ) we were able to get our room keys . but , there was no rollaway . another N mins and N phone calls later , we had a rollaway , but had to get the charge waived a second time . now we go to check out on mon . and they couldn ' t print us a bill or give us a total . we stop N hrs down the road to get gas only to find out that our bank card had been overdrawn N , N . N ! we called the bank and found out the hotel had ran our card through N times , for N each , when our bill was supposed to be N . after sitting at the gas station on the phone for N . Nhrs , the money was finally put back in our account so we could continue our trip home . i would recommend a holiday inn over the intercontinental any day . 
i took the wife and kids to chicago for one last fling before school started back up . when i checked in , the staff was very attentive , i showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude ( small tip ) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar ! i didn ' t get the ' priceline ' glare and it paid off for all involved . the air and water show was underway on the lake front , and we had planes flying over our room . the kids thought it was great . that night we had a great view of the fireworks at navy pier . the sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason . the conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly . it was one of the best times we ever had in chicago . 
my family and i have just had a two week holiday in chicago , and we stayed for a week at the hilton towers . we had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel . the sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable . if you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels , maybe this wouldn ' t be your thing . however if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz , you will be bowled over by this hotel . the place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby . tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating . we got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place ! 
for the amount of money per night that the millennium knickerbocker hotel charges , one would at least expect a room with a working bathroom . the toilet wouldn ' t flush , the sink dripped and the towels were rough and cheap looking . when i called the front desk to ask for maintenance on the sink and toilet , the staff were indifferent . it was over an hour before anyone arrived to fix the bathroom fixtures , and when they did arrive they were unable to stop the drip in the sink . all in all , i was disappointed with my stay . 
there were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the magnificant mile . the rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail . the quality of service was excellent , the staff professional , and the location was perfect . there are great views of chicago from many of the rooms . the staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment i was greeted upon arrival to the moment i got in my taxi to leave . there is a nice rooftop bar restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city . there really weren ' t any negatives and i would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the chicago area . 
my expectations were not high because i booked this hotel through priceline for N night . an amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait N - N minutes for hot water . i called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied ' try running it for N to N minutes . ' they forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower , if anyone else expected to use the shower . my boyfriend , who showered after me , had to wait another N minutes to get the shower warm again . to make matters worse , after room service was delivered , we called and said we needed another fork . they told us it would cost N ( N for the fork , N for delivey charge ) . absolutely ridiculous ! ! at least with a N star hotel , you get hot water . this is supposed to be a N star hotel . i guess you do get what you paid for - i just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price . 
i just got home from my stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel . me and my family were in chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be . when we walked in the door there was a horrid odor . almost like a public bathroom . the check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative . she would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet ! when we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting . the beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks . after the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast . the food there tastes and looks like vomit . the rest of the weeks stay there was like living in hell . the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel is definitely not a good place to stay . it is actually probably on of the worst hotels i ' ve ever stayed at . 
spent two nights at the intercontinental on a business trip . this is a tremendous , towering hotel in one of the best locations in chicago -- right on the magnificent mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area . my room was in the historic tower -- a Ns masonic club which has been converted at enormous expense . the effort has been worthwhile . my room was very large and well furnished , with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle . it had breathtaking views down michigan avenue . there is a superb recreation centre ( with an impressive swimming pool ) beautiful bars and a good restaurant , zest , that serves a great breakfast . there is wifi in the rooms ( N . N per day ) and tea and coffee making facilities . no trouser press , but there is an ironing board and iron . the staff is friendly and anxious to please . i recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms . it ' s expensive , but it will be difficult to find a better one in chicago . 
i stayed at this hotel for N night . we just wanted to stay in downtown chicago . this hotel is right next to john hancock building . walking distance to many shopping , restaurant , and everything else . from valet people to front desk people , they were all very friendly and helpful . the best thing about this hotel ( other than the awesome location ) is that all rooms are suites . you can choose N king or N double which will be inside the room and you get another sofa bed in the living room area . you get N tvs also . the roof top pool over looking michigan lake was lovely also . 
i recently stayed at this hotel not to long ago . sure , it looks nice , but it ' s really just a smoke screen . i went to the clerk to check in and she was very rude to me . i was asking about nearby attractions and she abruptly cut me off to tell me that i need to go find a phone book and ask someone else . she also encoded my key wrong , so i had to have it redone . i finaly get to my room , only to discover it was a mess . the sheets were thrown on the floor , the curtains were wide open and to top it all off , the toliet hadn ' t been flushed . it was horrible . i called the front desk to have a maid come and fix it up , but i was told they were on break . whatever thoguh , i cleaned up myself . the night progresses and i awaken to the sound of someone beating on my door . some guy said that i was in his room . it baffled me , but we went straight down to the lobby and got it cleared up . they had given his the wrong room . i couldn ' t take one more day of all the bull . i checked out early the next morning and stayed at a different hotel for the remainder of my visit to chicago . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . 
i made my reservation at the hilton chicago believing i was going to be staying in a classy hotel with many amenities . unfortunately , my stay at the hilton chicago went downhill from the moment i checked in . there was only one clerk at the front desk , and several guests already waiting ahead of me . once i finally got checked in and located my room , i discovered that neither of my room keys worked and had to make my way back to the front desk . finally i made it into my room . it appeared nice enough until i went to use the bathroom and found the toilet clogged . the manager moved me into a new room , so i can ' t complain too much , but still it was a hassle . finally settled , i was able to relax for the rest of my evening and was looking forward to sleeping in the next morning . that is -- until the front desk called me at N am with a wake up call i had not requested ! needless to say , my overall experience with this hotel left much to be desired and i will choose other accommodations for my next trip to chicago . 
this was one of the best hotels i ' ve stayed at in chicago . i ' ve also tried amalfi and a number of larger chain hotels downtown . this one was the best . great service , beautiful room , roomy bathroom , top-notch amenities . 
i needed to find a last minute hotel to stay in for the night so i came to this one . first of all the prices for one night are extremely high . the workers at the front desk were not kind at all and treated me like i was a second rate and not on their list of priorities . then i got into my room and got settled and it smelled of cigarettes and the air conditioner was making loud sounds so i didnt get much sleep . also the restroom was very dirty and frankly disgusting . the beds were very old and uncomfortable and the tv did not work at all . overall i am very disappointed with this hotel . 
a hotel made for royalty . decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of , it is an amazing experience ! it ' s located right in the middle of everything in chicago , and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience . the customer service was fantastic , as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own . a beautiful experience that i would certainly do again ! 
my husband and i stayed at the conrad chicago on our Nst anniversary tripped and had a wonderful experience thanks to the staff . not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance , but they rooms were also clean and quiet . the staff was helpful and accommodated our requests . we ' ll definitely be staying here again next time we visit chicago ! also if you stay you must eat at the restaurant . fabulous food ! 
while the parking service was great - the front desk was terrible . we had a huge problem getting ice one night - we had none in our room so we went twice to get some - no one was there to help , called the front desk they promised to deliver some - none arrived so we called again - they said we had to come and get it and would not listen to what we had to say about what had already happened . . . . read more 
the conrad chicago was by far the best experience i have ever had in travel leisure . not only was the room beautifully decorated and very comfortable , but the food in the restaurant was exquisite . not to mention the perfect service from the resort ' s employees ! i was very impressed by how quick and caring the staff was of my own personal needs . i ' m naturally a fitness freak , so i was pleased to learn of their massive fitness area on the Nth floor . best of all , it was available to guests at any time , day or night . the resort was conveniently located by a large shopping area , so it wasn ' t a far walk to scope out the shops . the most memorable part of my stay was looking out at the city after dark and seeing how gorgeous chicago looks all lit up . it was so relaxing just watching the city come to life . i was very disappointed when i had to pack and leave . any time that i make my way back to chicago , you better believe i will be staying at the conrad chicago . i recommend this resort to everyone i know who does a lot of traveling . 
our stay at the ambassador east hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant . we enjoyed the location . we could easily walk to the red line or access the bus lines along michigan avenue . we felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on n . state street and dearborn . we walked to Nrd coast cafe , the chicago history museum , and second city from our hotel . our room was spacious and well-kept , and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening . we would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown . we definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place . 
complete disappointment . problems N . the alarm clock stereo thing was broken in my room . it was constantly emitting low , changing hissing noises . sooo annoying . and there was no off switch on the damn thing . i had to move the bed to unplug it ( the outlet was wayyy back , buried behind the big bed ) . i kept hearing it , and didn ' t realize what it was , until it had kept me awake for a few hours . N . the shower was only incredibly hot . turn it all the way cold . . . very hot . turn it to hot , and you get boiling hot . grrrrreat . so how do i get water that won ' t scald me ? this is very inconvenient early in the morning when you need a shower and are in a hurry , and have to dance into and out of painfully hot water . good job omni ! N . hallway carpets are disgusting and old . walking around , you ' d think you ' re in a motel N . and my floor had been flooded or something , and they had box fans running in the hallway , N N , to try to dry it out . talk about an overpriced dump . 
the omni chicago hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels i have ever had the oppertunity to visit . not only are the desk clerks very helpful , but you feel like a celebrity when you visit . the workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp . they also have a great indoor pool and a spa . it also comes with N sundecks to get a nice tan . if you need a vacation , this is the place to stay . 
a perfect place for couples to get away too . the location couldn ' t be better , just three blocks from navy pier and magnificent mile . it ' s really romantic , the service was awesome . very clean and quiet . it has big rooms with comfortable atmosphere , huge bathroom . over all , i had the a great experience there , would definitely stay there again ! 
the sofitel chicago water tower , while seemingly a good idea in theory , has many drawbacks . at first glance , it appears quite luxurious and grand , but some of its shortcomings cannot be overlooked . the hotel is quite tall , coming in at N stories , and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying . the staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest , so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed . the hotel tries to adopt a french flavor , but its efforts fall short . the only real french influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars . the hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city , but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment . the same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general . the city ' s traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one ' s stay here . overall , i would not recommend this hotel . make a different choice . 
we just got back from N nights at the sofitel . we really have nothing bad or negative to say about it . we ' ve stayed at other higher end hotels in chicago such as the park hyatt , the peninsula , and the four seasons - and the sofitel tops them all . it ' s a N star hotel with N star prices . it ' s a beautiful hotel all the way around . staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing . they were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly . the common areas are fresh and modern in appearance . the room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths . my wife loved the huge tub . we had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious . the robes and evian at turndown was always appreciated . the property is ideally situated in the middle of the gold coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk . want a bentley or latte ? they ' re all close by . this was our second stay since it opened and i ' m sure it ' s to be our home away from home when we are in chicago . 
recently staying at the omni chicago hotel , was a waste of money . the rooms are typical standard rooms , ( unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms ) , the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless , your ideal , idea of service is waiting in the lobby for N minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room . sorry to say in short i think my money would have been better spent staying at a hojo ' s . 
my family and i were in chicago for a friend ' s wedding . we had asked around to find a hotel that was nice , but affordable and were pointed in the direction of the intercontinental chicago hotel . the hotel appeared very nice , and to have all the amenities room service , wifi , clean rooms . unfortunately , as it turned out , appearances can be deceiving . it begins at the desk , where the clerk was downright rude and uncaring . he said they didn ' t have any rooms available because we didn ' t make arrangements . it was getting late , and we had no place to go , there weren ' t any hotels nearby and my kids were starving . i asked if there was anything he could do , and he said that i will have to ask someone else because he was busy . i talked with his manager and after a bit of fussing , the manager apologized and moved us into a room for the night . apparently , our expectations for what would be the normal amenities for a hotel stay was above standard , because this room wasn ' t even clean and the wifi didn ' t work . we ordered room service , and it never came , even after several complaints . it doesn ' t end there either when we got home we found that the hotel had charged us for the room service . overall , this was a very frustrating experience , and i wouldn ' t stay there again . 
i stayed in this hotel during a business trip , and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar , a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet . security was informed , but i was told that i had to wait to talk to them . after about twenty minutes of waiting i was informed that if i did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident , despite the fact that i was a hotel guest . unfortunately i had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait . long story short , i no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone , anyone would have talked to me about it . i ' ve since been on the phone with a manager , who promised to call me back once she researched the incident , and have yet to hear back , despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago . i expected more from this hotel . 
i stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel for a fun weekend in chicago . the standard room had a nice king size bed that was nice and comfortable . i love a hotel with all white sheets because then i know it ' s clean . i really liked the simple and modern decor , especially the huge upholstered headboard . nice fixtures in the bathroom and granite counter . the bathroom was so much nicer than my own bathroom at home . the staff was friendly . can ' t really judge the service because i didn ' t have any problems or complaints . so i didn ' t have a reason to interact with the staff much . overall , it was a very nice hotel in a great location . will definitely stay here again on my next visit . 
i have to thank the ambassador east hotel for providing a really great experience for my family . we never leave our dog at home when we travel , and it ' s been a long time since we ' ve been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets . the staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques . my husband liked the fitness room . it was nice and clean , with plenty of extra towels available . it was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water , but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves . we will definitely be staying here next time we visit chicago . we would make the trip just to stay here . that ' s how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel . 
my husband attended a conference in chicago for the weekend of june Nnd and i decided to tag along for the shopping ! we flew into o ' hare and took a cab to the hotel , cost about N . everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful . we had a room on the Nth floor which overlooked the construction , but we were hardly in the room so it didn ' t bother us . we were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper . the room was clean and spacious enough for us . the bed is very comfy . we ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great . the location of this hotel is perfect . you are about N N N blocks from michigan ave and the hancock tower . can ' t beat that ! there is also an adorable pet store called tails in the city across from the hotel ! i brought our dog back a couple of toys ! they are very nice as well . all in all , no complaints . the hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting . the staff is always friendly and the location is superb . it ' s a safe neighborhood-i walked around by myself and felt fine . we would definitely return . 
we stayed for two nights for a meeting . it is an upscale chain hotel and was very clean . the service was very good , as the hotel front desk employees were kind and knowledgeable . the rooms are decent sized and have soft mattresses . the restaurant has good seafood , but was a bit expensive . we would come back again . 
my stay here was superb . the view from my windows was stunning , as i looked out i could see the beautiful grant park . the room had a nice airy feel but was also warm and inviting . the bed was very comfortable . the wireless internet was fast and effective which is nice especially when on business trips . the hotel is in walking distance to the museum which is nice for those on vaca . overall i thouroughly enjoyed my stay here . 
i recently had the displeasure of staying at the conrad chicago . although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites , my experience was anything but pleasent . first of all , they tell you that check in time is at Npm . well i arrived at the hotel at N Npm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready . after waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready , i decided to go settle in . the carpets in the room smelled old and musty . additionally , the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips , scratches , and dents in the furniture . although the bed was comfortable , i just couldn ' t get over the musty smell coming from the carpet . it was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and i did not have a very good nights sleep . all in all , my experience was not the worst i ' ve ever had , but far from anything worth writing home about . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago for my cousins wedding . the service was impeccable . not only was the staff attentive , they were respectful and careful not to interrupt the guests or make themselves known when serving dinner . i had the chicken wellington and it was to die for ! the chicken was perfect and moist but the pastry crust was flaky and crispy . they even had pakistani dinner options for some of the guests . the amenities were great , and after an open bar the night before , the mimosas and brunch buffet couldn ' t have been better ! i would love to have my wedding there . 
in my experience the ambassador hotel didn ' t seem to be a N N N star establishment . the building and lobby were nice but the hotel room was extremely dated . the carpeting was very old and worn . the floor - carpeting and tile both seemed dirty which made me very uncomfortable . i would imagine that many years ago this was a very nice hotel . currently , it ' s indespirate need of renovation . 
if you have not tried the millennium knickerbocker for a stay in chicago , do it now ! we have stayed ( and enjoyed ) at the drake , intercontinental and others , but we always now come back to the knickerbocker . why ? if ' charlie ' the doorman is on duty and you pull up , he will welcome you . he ' ll probably ask your name . why ? because he wants to call you by your name every time he will see you during your visit . somehow he even lets the other employees know your name and all of a sudden , doorman , receptionist , bellman , waiter are referring to you by name . the employees are what makes this hotel . yes , it has everything to offer like all hotels , but the others don ' t have the fine people ( including the cleaning staff ) these folks have . try it , you will like it . we look forward to our next visit already . . . 
after searching for the perfect hotel for my chicago getaway i knew once i came across the hard rock hotel , that this was the hotel for me . after seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered , i booked my reservations right away . when i arrived at the hotel i was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept . i was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes . i was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants . i took the elevator up to my room , and when i opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the chicago skyline was impeccable . after relaxing i went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast , courteous service i received . after my cocktail hour , i decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven . i had one of the best nights of sleep i have had in a long time . i highly recommend the hard rock as i have stayed at many around the us and this is definitely on my top N list . hope you all enjoy it as much as i did , and i can ' t wait to return . ashley b . 
the sofitel water tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our Nth anniversary weekend trip to chicago . we got married in the city but then moved away , and it was so romantic to return . we loved how near the sofitel was to everything - the magnificent mile was just outside our door , and we could walk to navy pier and other attractions as well . chicago has changed , but the sofitel made it feel like home again . . . except a very plush and elegant version of home ! we stayed in a junior suite , which had great views of the city , and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived . both nights before leaving for supper , we had a cocktail in le bar and enjoyed talking about what we ' d done during the day , and all the great memories this town has for us . but i have to say we have some new great memories now , thanks to the sofitel water tower ! 
we stayed at hotel monaco and upgraded to a suite . i was disappointed with the room layout , and shabby furniture . i bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground . the make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work , the tv reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the N we spent there . next time , we will go back to trump tower across the street , which is far superior to hotel monaco . 
the allegro in downtown chicago is a great stay part of the kimpton group boutique hotels the allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city . i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the ' el ' into the loop which leaves you about N minutes from the hotel otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors , comfortable beds and in my case great views . if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days kimpton does a great job and their properties are ' class acts ' 
just back from spending memorial day weekend in chicago . we decided to stay at the talbott , and we reserved a room there over a month ago . i must say that we found the staff to be wonderful , but the accommodations to be quite disappointing . we were given room N . avoid this room at all costs ! the adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night ( and then awaken you at N am ) . in addition , we had requested a king bed , and N has two doubles . we were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room . despite the very friendly staff and its super location , the talbott was less than what we expected , and we would probably not stay there again . 
everything experienced at this hotel was grand . the hotel itself is stunning and the architecture is amazing . from the moment you walk into the palmer house , you are greeted by friendly helpful staff . the rooms are out of this world with no detail overlooked . comfortable beds , amazing bathrooms and breathtaking views of chicago . if you are looking for an extravagant hotel for your next visit to the windy city , i would definately recommend you stay here . experience chicago like never before . 
the hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay ( i . e . nightmare ) at the palmer house hilton . i arrived N days before the national restaurant association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business . when i arrived i was greeted or really snarled at by the clerk . this lady ( if one can really call this beast that ) was aggressive and rude from the get go . she made a snide comment on the number of bags i had and it was downhill from there . my guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that i had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation . i informed ' brenda ' that i had never cancelled my reservation . we had originally booked N rooms ( one for me and one for colleague ) and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later . she huffed and puffed and finally said , oh okay , i read it wrong but we don ' t have a room for you . my room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day . as a hilton honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain , i was furious . she said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked . she left the front desk and was gone for almost N minutes , coming back with a smirk on her face . she informed me that i had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory N . the first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the chicago downtown , closer to the airport or that i could go with another room they had , a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in N or N days . i was outraged . no , i ' m sorry and certainly the options were horrible . i ended up taking the smoking room where i barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells . additionally , there was no upgrade at all during my stay there . i was not offered anything to make up for my troubles , their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call . the net outcome i will never stay at this hotel again and i ' m thinking of shredding my hilton honors card . don ' t make the mistake of dealing with this property . you will be very , very sorry . thanks for reading all this . hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel . 
the homewood suites by hilton , in downtown chicago , has to be one of the most comfortable and affordable hotels in the windy city . after asking the doorman , i discovered all guest suites in the entire establishment feature a two room layout with a fully equipped kitchen . the full sized refrigerator caused me to do a double take , as did the stove and lcd televisions . this is definitely the place to have a home away from home while in chicago . it ' s mind blowing that a hotel this extravagant can have rates as low as N a night , which is what i payed when i stayed there in september . the atmosphere was warm and cozy , and the staff were all very friendly and professional . 
beautiful hotel , but doesn ' t have a lot to offer for the price . sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them , tv remote would not function properly . valet service truly needs improvement . we payed quite a bit for overnight parking , and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave . when we asked to find out what was taking so long , we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk , with no answers . 
we stayed at the conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer ! we were on the newly renovated Nth floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean ! there was a flat screen , bose sound system and even an ihome for our ipod . wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down . everyone was very helpful and so friendly . we can ' t wait to go back again ! 
stayed in april for two nights . i hesitated selecting the sheraton becaue i had a very poor stay there earlier this year . as far as i ' m concerned , that ' s two strikes and i won ' t give them a chance at three . doormen wouldn ' t help on arrival , huge line at c i , lousy room , malfunctioning remote , unresponsive staff , and incorrect bill . if you want to be close to michigan ave , try the westin or intercontinental and spare yourself the problems . i don ' t understand why certain places never improve . is it that tough to properly train a staff ? 
when i first booked my reservation at this hotel , honestly , i didn ' t know what to expect . i mean , i ' m kind of a music person , but this was my first real experience with a musically ' themed ' hotel . upon staying here , however , i am convinced that i made the right choice in my stay . the dining accommodations were excellent , and i was served probably some of the best food i ' ve ever eaten at a hotel . it was intelligently placed in downtown chicago , and i wouldn ' t have to walk too far to see some street performers , or just take in the majesty of the city itself . the room i had booked had an excellent view of the skyline , and i could ' ve easily sat for hours , just marveling at the city sprawled out before me . the whole ' hard rock ' and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay . if i had to stay here again , i would ! 
my wife and i stayed at the ambassador east hotel for the first N days of our honeymoon in mid-october . we decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of chicago in a week . i ' ll start out by saying that this was a great experience . at check-in , i indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite . the ambassador east is probably a N to N minute walk from the north end of the magnificent mile . it is also just a N or N minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on rush . our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed . our suite ( on the Nrd floor ) had two very large closets , a large ' living room ' and a large bedroom . the bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough . if i would have payed full price for this suite , i probably would have given it a rating of N , but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and i had such a great time here , i decided to give it a five . it is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful . my wife and i decided to eat at the pump room restaurant , but we were not very impressed . we found the food and service mediocre . the atmosphere was probably pretty neat when sinatra used to eat there back in the day , but not anymore . although we were unimpressed by the pump room , the staff were kind enough to seat us in the ' sinatra booth ' which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains . that neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here . the ambassador east is an older hotel , but it is in a charming older neighborhood . the staff ' s kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me . when we are in chicago again , we will definitely consider staying at the ambassador east again . 
this hotel was wonderful . my room was clean and the staff was courteous . the food provided by the restaurant was exceptional . this was on of the best hotel stays , ive experienced . i highly suggest this hotel to others . 
i booked this hotel for a business trip since i was able to get a N rate on travelzoo and figured i ' d save my company some money . i had also read excellent reviews on tripadvisor . i had a guaranteed and confirmed room reservation for two nights in november . when i arrived in chicago at N Npm i decided to go to dinner prior to checking in so called the hotel to request a late check in and was told ' no problem . ' when i arrived at the hotel at N Npm i was told they didn ' t have a room for me and that i ' d have to move to the four points sheraton which they paid for . it was a major inconvenience to have to move and completely unacceptable that my confirmed room was given away . i was told that they overbooked and didn ' t get as many cancellations as they expected . i did check into the hotel the next day and once there did have a good experience . i would recommend staying here but do ensure that your reservation is indeed confirmed and avoid any late check-ins or you might not have a room ! the ' experience designers ' were great and very helpful . the rooms were very nice and comfortable ( felt like home ) . the breakfast could stand to add on some bagels for the ' healthy factor . ' it was nice that they did have fruit . i think that once the kinks are worked out that this will be a great hotel--they just need to get the basics down ! 
i received the type of room that i had reserved . cleanliness seems to be an issue with the maid staff . the carpet had debris and the bathroom needed attention . room service was adequate but not great . the walls seem to be paper then as i heard one neighbor ' s tv for most of the night and the other neighbor ' s late enjoyment . 
i want everyone to know about the awful experience i had at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . when we arrived at the hotel , the clerk who was checking us in said that our reservation was not in the system ( i had called earlier in the day and confirmed it ) . after speaking to the on-duty manager we were informed that our reservation had been canceled earlier in the day and that the hotel was now completely booked . we later found out that there was a convention at the hotel and that the price for the rooms had risen dramatically . i believe they canceled our reservation just so they could make more money . i for one won ' t be going back to this hotel ! 
we booked our room at the swissotel on hotwire for N ( unbelievable rate ! ) and were extremely impressed with the swissotel . the staff was so polite and catered to our every need . the room was oversized , clean , and had a large bathroom . we had a partial view of lake michigan , which was an added bonus . on the Nnd floor , they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from N sides . spectacular ! we sat in the hot tub and looked down on navy pier . we can ' t wait to go to the swissotel again ! 
i love this hotel . it is one of the best that i have stayed in . the lobby was beautiful and the room was nice and comfortable . the made services was terrific . no matter what time we left the room it was made up when we came back . i asked the maid for a couple of extras and she was very nice and friendly . that is what i liked about the hotel the staff was so nice and friendly . i was there with my daughter for a girl ' s weekend from thursday - sunday . everyone from the doorman to the concierge to the people at the desk etc . was wonderful . i can ' t say enough good about this hotel . yes the bathroom was small , but i wasn ' t moving into the room . i was just staying there a few days and was hardly in the room anyway . i will definitely stay there again 
the intercontinental chicago hotel is one of the finest hotels i have stayed at in a long time . the atmosphere upon arrival was one of elegance and beauty . the staff welcomed us and catered to our every need . the rooms were plush and very romantic . interior decor was breathtaking . it is definitely above a N star rating and i would not think twice about coming back here . it received my highest recommendation . 
my husband and i stayed here for a short get-away weekend and loved it . it is so conveniently located close to navy pier and michigan ave . the staff was very helpful and the room was great . it was definitely worth every penny ! i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago . 
if anyone is traveling to chicago , i would strongly recommend the palmer house hilton . i have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and i was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel . i had a guest room with a double bed . at the first sight , the room had perfect decor . the double bed looked comfy and cozy . it wasn ' t just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me . since i was in a hurry in my two-day stay , i didn ' t have time to wander around the town for food . it wasn ' t a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks . the good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night . i can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks . if you are just touring the city , the hotel is quite close to parks , museum , and a lot of shopping places . if you just need a place to stay , the view from the hotel was pretty good as well . among all the hotels i have spent time in , the palmer house hilton tops the list . 
my family ' s seven day stay at the intercontinental chicago hotel was more than i could ever imagine . the intercontinental is more fantastic than any previous hotel i have visited , because of its wonderful amenities , such as the excellent N hour room service , access to personal trainers , and even a dry cleaning service , just to mention a few . my family really enjoyed dining on the contemporary american cuisine at the hotels zest restaurant , which served an excellent meal worth every dime of its reasonable price . my most favorite point about the intercontinental chicago is that it provides entry right into the windy city , where my family and i had immediate access to transportation , shopping , and city attractions . we had a great time traveling through chicago and enjoying ourselves while at the same time we felt secure knowing that we had a nice , clean , elegant , safe hotel to travel back to whenever we were done touring the city each day . the intercontinental is a must stay and i will recommend them to anyone who plans on visiting chicago . 
though grand and having a brand , this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts . N . staff seemed snooty and arrogant . N . request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests . the initial room was very small . N . for the cost paid i would expect a coffee maker , free internet service at the least which even regular b bs offer . N . they will levy charges on each and everything . complete rip off other things matched the grandeur . cleanliness and location was good , but the staff made my stay unpleasant . 
i recently stayed in the james hotel in chicago and trust me i will never do it again . when you pay a premium price you ' d expect first rate service . our whole experience was a disaster though short lived b c we could stay their another second . when we arrived at the hotel we had to wait while the receptionist finished playing with her phone for service and then our room was not ready . so we had to wait in the lobby with our baggage . when we finally got to the room i wouldn ' t exactly call it clean but it wasn ' t to bad . the pictures on the website are nice enough but the furniture is falling apart and probably from walmart . there was plenty of space for an average person of N ' but i ' m N ' N ' and the beds where smaller than what they said , not to mention uncomfortable . we ordered room service and not only did they bring us the wrong order but it took N hours . there walls were also paper thin so we got little sleep . the heater helped block out some noise until it stopped working in the middle of the night . so the next morning , sore from the uncomfortable bed , hungry tired and cold we checked out before we even had our coffee . stay away ! 
stayed valentines weekend . got the Nth floor with a direct view of the building next door . you have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor . parking nearby sucks as most of chicago or pay N for valet to go through your car . glasses were dusty and gross . this location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge , so when you barely touch it you ' ll get a bill at N in the morning under your door . had i been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a N star but not this time . 
had to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the palmer house . the service was wonderful , staff was very friendly towards dog owners , even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was . easy access to red line from midway . valets were prompt at retrieving car ( they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting ) . 
i was visiting relatives in chicago and wanted to stay in a hotel that emphasized luxury and was also environmentally friendly , and the talbott seemed to fit the bill . i also couldn ' t help but notice all the positive reviews online . i figured i couldn ' t go wrong and i am happy to report the positive reviews are true . first of all check in was a breeze . i love their online reservation system . it was easy to use and the information presented was quick and accurate . once i arrived in chicago i was greeted by tim at the door and i immediately felt like wanted and liked . the receptionist was very polite and when she heard i was visiting chicago for the first time , she upgraded my deluxe king to an executive king . score ! the room was just as advertised , luxurious and convenient . it was also exceptionally clean and this is very important to me because i am paranoid of germs and bed bugs . most importantly though , i got a good night ' s sleeep because the bed and pillows were super soft , but firm enough to help support my back . i also used the equinox fitness club and , wow , what a club . this is another great amenity of the talbott and easily beats other hotels skimpy workout centers . my check-out was quick , easy , and painless . this hotel gets my highest recommendation . the facilities are immaculate and modern with the recent upgrade , the staff is ultra-friendly and competent , and the location was perfect for my needs . 
my wife and i frequently stay downtown for a night in the city . we have been to many hotels in the downtown chicago area . my opinion of the swissotel - spend your money elsewhere and get a much better experience . the swissotel has a very ' cold ' atmosphere and its very difficult to feel comfortable . the room was average at best however the cost per night was far from average . the view from our room faced a construction site which is a soon to be trump building that will block the lake view from the hotel . other hotels are also a couple blocks closer to the action and again for the cost we would expect more . our room and the lobby areas had a strange smell and someone was actually vacuuming the hallway floors at N Na which woke us up . we called the front desk to complain and were extremely shocked to be treated rudely by the person at the desk . we also had a couple of friends come downtown and they were waiting in the lobby when they were approached by a gentleman asking if they were guests of the hotel . they said no but that they were waiting on us and he actually asked them what our names were and then they looked it up to verify that we were on the guest register . he didnt even apologize to them for the inconvenience and imbarrassment . overall it was just an unpleasant experience because we were expecting top notch treatment . spend your money for a nicer hotel just off the lake or off michigan avenue for real top notch service . anyone giving this hotel a top review obviously hasnt had the opportunity to stay at a nicer hotel in the area . 
very very noisy - constant water running through pipes . it was terrible ! ! there are much better hotels to stay at in chicago . thier parking rate is obnoxious ( N . N a night ) and way too far out to walk to much . if you must stay here , try to park for free on dead end street ( feed meter on weekdays ) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a jewel grocery store for sodas snacks . ( a can of soda at the hotel was N . N plus N restocking fee ! ! ) 
don ' t stay here ! my family and i stayed here for a weekend trip . the staff were rude and acted like we were bothering them . the rooms looked nice in photographs but when we got there our room looked like it hadn ' t been dusted in ages . overall bad service and not worth the money . 
sofitel not-so-luxury hotels i recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower . i originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only N days i decided i had had my share of the water tower . simply put it offered no reasons to stay . the hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress , but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed . the first night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd , i think for the weekend . the next night the food was only mediocre and the third when i orderd room service i had to call twice . even if you don ' t care about the food i think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice . they put on quite a show , but that is all and when the show ended i was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found . 
we just returned from a girls shopping sight-seeing trip . the palmer house was like home away from home . the hotel is undergoing renovations but we did not notice any inconveniences or hear any noise from the work . the lobby was breathtaking , all dressed up for christmas . the staff from check-in to housekeeping was very welcoming and friendly . our room was updated with two beds and two separate baths which was great for everyone to have their own personal space . i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone . chicago is a great town . 
me and my husband stayed in the allegro hotel chicago for N days N nights recently . we got a room with a king size bed . . although the room is small , we got no problems with that as there was enough space for our luggages all . however , we felt that the bed is not exactly comfortable , the bed sheets kinda feel rough to us . the walls are really thin and we could hear our neighbours talking and occasionally the flushing sound . N of the days , our room was not cleaned till afternoon and so we went to check with the front desk and was told that we got to request for our room to be cleaned which was a shock to us as we thought that like all hotels , rooms are cleaned except when you put on the no disturb sign . the worst is upon returning to the hotel at night , we found a bag of our garbage in the room and it was right next to our luggage . the housekeeping people must have forgotten to take it out after cleaning our bins . this is unacceptable to us . the hotel is in the theatre district and it is rather quiet at night . although it is near the cta trains , i would rec one to stay somewhere close to the magnificent mile where its lively at night or hotels near the chicago river so that you can get a great view . am staying again at a kimpton hotel in san fran next month and i am contemplating if i should change ! overall , not a good experience and i wouldnt choose this hotel again if i were to head to chicago again ! 
fairmont hotels are generally my preferred choice , but this was a true disappointment . check-in was quite slow and problematic ( glitches with their reservation system locally ) . room was very small and oddly arranged . felt quite cramped in room and was hard to work at very small desk . hotel overall felt quite cold and isolating . . . lobby is not at all inviting , and it didn ' t feel terribly safe walking around outside . gift shop was overpriced , even for a downtown hotel . food was disappointing . overall this seems greatly overpriced and does not meet usual standards of a fairmont i ' ve come to count on . bill was completely messed up and required N separate calls after i left to straighten out . 
when i was asked to stay at the swissotel in chicago , i immediately went to their website to check them out . what i found there was decent , nothing really stood out . it wasn ' t until i actually went there that my eyes were opened . the amazing customer service i received there was exceptional . every whim and detail i asked for they helped me perfectly . the room was neatly fixed when i arrived and was cleaned every day . when i asked about more towels , the maids were happy to help me out . if i were ever to be in that area again , i know exactly where i ' m staying , the swissotel . 
don ' t stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation . about N months ago , we booked a room here for our wedding night ( which is in less than N weeks ) . my fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades , no discounts . apparently it is my problem that their manager can ' t manage the convention schedule . i don ' t even want to stay at another kimpton hotel because i don ' t find their reservation system reliable . unfortunately , due to the conference , there isn ' t any other place to stay . 
my husband and i did not enjoy stay at hotel allegro ! the room was so small . the bathroom was ridiculously stupid , everytime you use the sink you would splash water on yourself . truly one person at time in the bathroom , it was like being in an airplane ' s bathroom . the walls are so thin , we heard the people across hall having sex . the some staff were really rude . i did not appreciate it when we had a sign on the door saying do not disturb the day of our check out . check out time is Nam or N and we got a know on the door at Nam with the sign stating ' do not disturb . ' the hotel did not have any microwaves in their rooms , no mini fridge , and no coffee maker either . no drawers to put your clothes in and the closet was very very very tiny . we were there for four days and three nights , so we had three suit cases full of clothes and no places to store them at . i also hated the fact that we had to pay almost fifty to park our car . my husand and i will never stay at hotel allegro again ! ! ! 
simply a nice place to stay . . . i had a great deal for the room , and was impressed with the quality . hotel staff was very helpful they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes . negative it is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it ' s the same here you have to pay for the internet . negative loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone , or them shower . 
went to chicago for a week in may , decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton , we were not disapointed . perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying N or N nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level . we had N double beds with a bathroom each . they beds and pillows were too die for , so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles . all the staff were very helpful . a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful . about N blocks away on harrison is a cafe called ' orange ' which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast , the cafe and the staff are suberb . expect a N min wait on a sat sun morning . 
ok , so first trip to chicago and i was a litlle worried about the hotel and the location , finally i decided on the conrad and wath a good experience i had , i booked a king deluxe room on the Nth floor , view was not amazing but that was the only coplaint i could had , room is nice , bath was all appliances and good size , good plasma tv , free internet , we asked one day for breaksfast and amazing food ! so overall and for the price aroufn N it was a great surprise , the locating was very good a few blocks from everything and very quiet hotel 
the heating in our room didn ' t work and wasn ' t repaired depite numerous requests , the rooms were very small , the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay , the cleaner made the bed but nothing else , when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the N night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent , it took the hotel N months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-atlantic phone calls to them . 
my stay at the palmer house hilton was wonderful . i was attracted to this hotel because it was going to be me and my finance ' s first time in chicago . the location of the hotel was perfectly placed downtown chicago we took advantage of the hilton bed and breakfast special . upon check in on friday afternoon we went to the lockwood restaurant before going to the room for the weekend . we stayed in a one bedroom suite with a king size bed . the hotel was spotless . i have never been in a hotel room that was so clean . the portions of food was perfect , and everything they provided was on point . i would recommend this hotel for anyone who is going to visit chicago for the first time . the staff is professional , and let you feel like a king and queen . 
this hotel was full of drunks . the lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy . there were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night , yelling in the hallways , making lots of noise . the staff had little to say . i wasn ' t aware of the noise level when i booked the room and when i threatened to make other reservations , the people in the lobby had nothing to say . we asked for a water view and got a city view . again , the people at the front desk weren ' t accomodating at all . overall , we had a horrible experience . 
i stayed at the omni with a band that what in town . the room was amazing . just walking in , the hotel was gorgeous . i have no complaints . prompt room service , friendly front desk . many shops , beautiful fountin . just an all around great hotel in a great city . 
i stayed at the allegro in july for N nights for a business trip . the room was spotlessly clean and the bed was great . i had read reviews that said the bathrooms were tiny , but ours was perfectly fine , with funky , fun doors . the decor is a lot of fun . we were on the Nth floor and there was absolutely no street noise . the front desk staff was very friendly , and before we even made it to the desk , a lovely man took our bags and brought them up to our room within moments of our arrival . we were within walking distance to all the theaters and even walked one night all the way to navy pier . for people who were upset about no free coffee - there ' s a dunkin donuts about a block away . i definitely recommend this hotel ! 
the hotel allegro located in the chicago loop , provided my wife and i with one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory . we ordered the weekend liquid therapy package N hours prior as noted on their website , but to our surprise when we arrived , our names were nowhere to be found in their system ! no room , no accommodations at the restaurant , nothing had been prepared for us and apparently another couple had already reserved the last available slot . a weekend away turned into the weekend from hell when we were asked to take a smaller room than i originally booked , and never did they offer us a replacement dining option ! i have a receipt and credit card statement that shows our reservations being made on time . we will never be staying here again . 
we decided to stay at the james last weekend with our kids . we reserved the ' family adventurer with paul frank ' . it ' s a special offer by the hotel to entice visitors to see the local museums and aquarium . we ended up receiving N chicago city passes , which ultimately paid for themselves and N tickets for the chicago children ' s museum . my kids had a ball . we ended the day with a milk and cookies turn down service and a special pair of pajamas that my daughter adored . all in all , a great weekend where my kids were the focus . the adults certainly weren ' t forgotten since we had a great breakfast in the room the next morning . 
my wife and i just returned from a N night stay at the amalfi hotel in chicago and enjoyed everything about the hotel . most importantly our room was perfect with plenty of space , great jazz cd ' s in the room , wonderful bathroom and one of the most comfortable beds i ' ve ever slept in . the staff was very helpful with every request . the amalfi offers a great continential breakfast on every floor each morning with good coffee and a great selection of pastry ' s , fruit ' s and jucie ' s . we also enjoyed the managers receptions one evening where they offer a great choice of complementary cocktails and antipasta ' s for their guests . would highly recommend this hotel . 
what ' s not to like ? -- problems getting the room you actually reserved i had to call this hotel three times and email four times in order to insure that we actually got the room we had reserved . -- overcharging . they charge for everything here . wireless . the fitness center . the business center . i ' ve only run into one other hotel that ever charged for use of the fitness center . note to the intercontinental if you ' re going to charge for something that is commonly included , you should advertise that fact . what ' s next ? charging for sheets on the bed ? -- very poor customer service . the staff does not communicate in full sentences , or wait to hear your answer . this is chicago , not new york . how about a little midwestern patience ? 
this is about the fourth time we stayed at the allegro . the previous times , i have nothing but good to say about the allegro . but my reaction has soured on this place . we have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in december as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping . from the very start , this year was a disappointment . i had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the allegro . i was quoted one price ( higher than what was on line ) , when i mentioned this , i was told i could have the lower price . at check in , the desk was nice but not friendly . we discovered that our room was not as good as in the past ( punishment for asking for a lower price ? ) the closet had no hangers , we had no place to put our suitcase . no one mentioned the wine reception in the evening . on the second day , we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing . it took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one . i wrote the management following our stay . i have yet to receive a reply . needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time . i would advise others to do the same . 
my wife and i stayed at the affinia chicago last week ( in a studio suite , which was not worth the extra payment ) . it was an absolute nightmare ! to begin with , the room is listed as ' oversized ' , when it ' s nothing of the sort . we ' ve previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about N square feet smaller . i believe the only extra space was in the closet , which isn ' t very useful unless you plan on living there ! we had our two sons with us , so we had to make extra sleeping space . our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time , complaining of bugs moving around . he must have been umcomfortable also , as i sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock . the room service is horrible , they took N minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around Npm , and she had to wait up for that . my family would never go back to this hotel , and i highly recommend you also stay well away . 
great beds , clean rooms , amazing bathroom , nifty view , wonderful service , expensive parking ( N , but it ' s chicago ) , speedy in and out . very european in sensibility and amenities , but with air conditioning ! 
i just enjoyed a N-day weekend at the swissotel chicago . a friend of mine booked it and got a great rate . cheaper than even a fleabag motel . so keep an eye out for specials . the view was great , the location was prime . the staff was helpful . the room was large ( we had N double beds ) . i only have one complaint . our room was next to some sort of storage or mechanical room where employees ( i think ) would sneak off to talk on the phone . the sound came right though the vent in our bathroom and we could hear them plain-as-day . fortunately , the sound was only in the bathroom so it wasn ' t like it kept us up at night . it was just a little weird . overall , a great stay and i will definitely stay there again . 
during a recent business trip to chicago i had the pleasure of staying at the hotel allegro . the lobby gave a good first impression . it was a very clean with a modern designer ' s feel and the customer service was great . i proceeded to the counter to check-in and within N minutes i had the key to my room . i was told to check out the infamous N restaurant but i was tired from my flight . i checked into my room . the room was great . a king size bed N ' flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture . after i unpacked i had to check my email . hooking up to their wi-fi was quick and painless ! i had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting . i decided to try the restaurant for breakfast . i had an omelet and fruit . the restaurant was great and the food was perfect . i only wish i had more time to stay and enjoy lunch nevertheless duty called . the concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and i was off to work . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago . it ' s one of the best i ' ve ever stayed at after multiple business trips . 
this hotel is the best hotel ever in my opinion , and i really enjoy everything thing about it and i also have many different reasons why i like this hotel . from the entrance to every details on the inside all the way up to the rooms , everything seems to pocess some kind of style to it and not forgetting such a modern feel it has . i completely am astonished by this building and if i had to pick one to compare with this one i really would go for this one . it ' s like a person would have to see it to believe . it has a lot of modern designs . thank you and this is my review and it ' s real . 
we got a great deal on this hotel , just N found through travelzoo . we only stayed one night , but were very impressed . the sevice was fantastic from the moment we stepped up to the property . the hotel smelled wonderful and was immaculate . our room , while not enormous was perfect . we had a great view of the city and lake . the bed was extremely comfortable . we never heard any noise outside of our room . the bathroom was nice sized considering we must have had one of the smaller rooms in the hotel , two could get ready very comfortably . location was perfect , just off michigan ave and steps away from millenium park . we would definetly stay here again , especially if we could get this great deal ! 
what a quaint , warm and friendly place to stay ! very accomodating . . had N dble beds and bathroom was fine . . . . a bit small compared to usa hotels . . . . but compared to european travel . . . the place was palatial ! would def . stay here again . location is great too ! 
as we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said ' we picked the right place . ' having chosen the talbott from other trip advisor reviews i found myself thinking in terms of a trip advisor review when we arrived . nice entrance , friendly reception , i noticed everything and immediately knew the talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains . the smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of europe , simple , not overstated but elegant . the location is great , there was light snow but we walked to the art institute , rush street , the theater district , and we ' re from california where anything below N degrees keeps us inside ! all i can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort , class and somewhere unique , stay at the talbott . oh yeah , we were in a room that looked down at the construction , we were on the Nth floor and could not hear a sound , it was very quiet . 
me and my husband got married here . we loved the atmosphere of our suite . it felt like home away from home . they have a nice pool . the rooms were clean and the staff was courteous . thanks so much for doing such a great job with our wedding . amy c . of los angelas , california 
my wife and i booked a room at the hilton chicago three weekends ago , as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel . we were expecting some minutia of luxury . however , this was not the case with the hilton chicago . first , we had reserved a room with a king size bed , but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed . now , we did get a reduced price because of this , but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked . second , we had to change our room key twice . the room keys they used supposedly lost their ' charge ' . this is what the front desk told us . so , we had to go up to our room , find out the key didn ' t work , then come back down stairs get a new key , then get back in . this was highly unprofessional , and they really need to look into their key system . lastly , we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room . we knew this was accurate , but i always check just in case . but two weeks later when i checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card . i had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card . suffice it to say we will not be staying there again . 
this was a weekend trip for my friends and i . we booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way . our rooms were right next to one another as requested . as it was almost everyone ' s first time to chicago , we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel . and , our choice was next to perfect . i had an amazing time during my first visit to chicago and it was largely due to this hotel . the customer service was amazing . everyone was extremely nice and helpful . one of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a N star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at N pm , and delicious . my friend suggested they had a full-staff at N am because the food came up quickly too . in another of our rooms , housekeeping had accidentally discarded a cd when replacing the cd player with an ipod dock . the concierge had the exact cd purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store . our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic ! everything was freshly made in their kitchen too . an added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall . therefore , you don ' t need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes , a coffee , or a some other type of trinket . i was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation . 
the hilton chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel . there are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from king with two bathrooms , lakeside view or suites . it only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill . you will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return ! the staff is nice but when i stay at a hotel i do not go out of my way to seek out the staff . the casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap . next time i stay in chicago i will be looking elsewhere . 
the james chicago hotel is located right in the heart of the one and only , downtown chicago . this wonderful hotel has many classy and down to earth boutique ' s , and the views are breath-taking . the hotel just has a warm feeling to it , and the hotel staff is more than excellent . this hotel is situated right across from the magnificent mile , and only minutes away from the world famous shopping , dining , and fun for all ages . the james is modern and luxurious . the james is definately a hotel that i would recommend and will go back to in years to come . 
i had never been to chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference . my company had arranged for me to stay at the omni chicago hotel located in the center of the magnificent mile . once i arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over , i was pleased but not impressed . once i put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation . i was told that my room was not ready yet and that there ' d be an hour delay . i tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if i could have another room . i was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled . i would have left , but my company had a account at this hotel . if i stayed somewhere else , i ' d have to pay out of pocket . the service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker . i picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled . the leg in front on the left side was broken . i picked up my luggage and moved to another chair . two hours passed by before i was given my room . when i walked into the room the first thing i smelled was cigarette smoke . i was mad because i explicitly asked for a ' non-smoking ' room . i was furious . i didn ' t feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and i was tried from my long flight . i sighed , tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room . i thought maybe i could use the air conditioning to freshen the room . when i went to turn it on , it didn ' t work . tired and angry , i went to sleep , thinking i ' ll never stay at this hotel again . 
the concierge was so helpful . without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful . they even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating ' s . loved the health club at the back of the hotel . by joining the presidents club , it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities . the rooms were large , updated and had views looking out in N directions . the coffee maker in the room was exceptional . location is great for getting mostly anywhere . parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground millennium garage that was only N . N per N hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel . 
here are my experiences - had three rooms reserved , when checked in we were charged N different rates for the rooms - screwed up initial room assignments , gave us a room that was not even cleaned yet when we checked in - could not get us new keys to a different room without great difficulty ( we had to go to the front desk because bell staff went to the wrong room to give us new keys ) - in room guide says pool in on the Nth floor and signs say it is on the Nth - could not get to the pool from the Nth floor without going all the way down to the lobby and then had to go to the Nth floor and take the stairs to the Nth - when we checked in we had the front desk staff go over which credit cards were assigned to which room . - when we received our bills , the credit card assignments were still wrong . i stay at ' economy ' hotels a lot and i have not even come close to having this many problems with a hotel until this one . this hotel should do chicago a service and just close its doors . due to this experience , i will never stay downtown again to deal with overpriced hotels with poor service and surrounding business that are just as bad . 
i work for a software marketing firm , and that job requires me to travel at least N days per year . i spend a large amount of time in hotels . i normally don ' t write reviews for hotels , but the homewood suites by hilton were above and beyond . let ' s start where it matters the rooms . they are top notch . there ' s nothing better than walking in to a clean , beautiful rooms after a long day of travel . the beds are among the best i ' ve ever slept in in hotels . the rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home . the price low . i looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels , and everything else was at least N more expensive . but you don ' t get what you pay for here . you get much more than that ! the location couldn ' t be better . you want to go to a world class restaurant ? that ' s within walking distance . you want a great shopping experience ? again , walking distance . anything else you want ? chances are , it ' s within walking distance . overall , one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . 
i try to stay at the james every time i happen to be in chicago . there are other good choices in town , but nobody has what the james offers superior service - aka class meets efficiency - , metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details i found only at the w in seoul , and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location . . . then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie i was about to take off and drive north , it was a hot july day . . . one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water . a small gesture . unexpected and appreciated . the management and the staff understand what we expect and more importantly , what we need . and they consistenly execute against that . 
upon entering homewood suites , i was greeted by incredibly friendly staff and my breath was taken by the beauty of the hotel . when i saw my room , i was immediately relieved because it provided all of the amenities needed for my week-long business stay ( refrigerator , microwave , stove , dishwasher , flat panel tv ) . best of all , the hotel has an on-site fitness center where i was able to work off all of the extra calories i consumed during the delicious complimentary breakfast . i couldn ' t resist their omelettes ! the hotel is in the heart of chicago and i must say , the city view from my room was priceless . definitely recommended ! 
i had a business trip coming up in chicago and i wanted to stay someplace really nice , cause i had never been there , so made reservations with the james two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when i arrived they had no record of it . no big deal , right ? they said they would take care of it and get me a room right away . . . two hours later i ' m still sitting in the lobby ! finally i get to my room to try and relax . everything was nice until i decided to take a shower . i went into the bathroom . . . no towels , wash cloths , nothing . i called down to the front desk and asked for some , about an hour later someone came up with one . maybe they were just really busy ? finally i get in the shower and the handle is broken ! ! ! i went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that i broke it ! ! ! they said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that i must have done something to it ! ! ! leaving that hotel was the easiest decision i made on my whole trip . two thumbs down ! 
booked via priceline . com for a weekend getaway and got the room for N per night . when we arrived via midway we took the orange line to within a block of the hotel for just N . hotel easy to find . never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood area . saw very few homeless or panhandlers . walked all over the place . great location and hotel is about a N- N cab ride from most major attractions shopping restaurants . hotel is almost gawdy with colors decor , but it ' s not that different from a cruise ship decor . it was not annoying decor by any means . check in was painless and the service was great ! heard no noise whatsoever . . . the reports of ' thin walls ' are greatly exaggerated . the walls are all concrete and thick . . . we heard nothing both nights we were there ! highly recommend this hotel ! rooms are small but not crowded for two people . . . they are old style hotel rooms . . very classic 
i stayed in the homewood suites in downtown chicago last week , and i was extremely disappointed with my experience . the breakfast buffet was minimal and did not seem to be frequently restocked . i came downstairs about N minutes before the end of the breakfast period to find about half of the food options completely depleted . also , the milk provided for the coffee and cereals was warm , having been kept out on the counter . i would have been better off bringing my own food ! also , the layout of the rooms is extremely awkward . i had to move the furniture around to be able to watch tv , and then move it back before i could make dinner or comfortably use the room in other ways . i could barely close the door to the bedroom past the corner of the bed . it just wasn ' t what i would expect from a hilton-brand hotel suite . 
the palmer house hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there ! i stayed at this hotel on business and all i can say is wow ! ! ! one of the main things that i liked about the hotel was the indoor pool ! i loved being able to go swimming even though it was december and N degrees outside ! also , the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings . i dined at lockwood restaurant and bar and the food was amazing for a hotel ! one thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog , but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so i didn ' t have to deal with that ! all in all , this hotel was fantastic and i look forward to the next time i get to stay here ! 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers recently , and i was completely dissatisfied . when i arrived the clerk was very rude to my guest and myself . we finally got all of our things figured out and went to our room . there is a river right outside and i constantly heard boats passing by . my bathroom was disgusting and not to mention , very small . i did not have a very pleasant experience at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . 
i stayed at the chicago fairmont for four nights for a conference . my fiance ' accompanied me . when we checked in , we were given a room with two full size beds despite the fact that our reservation was for one king size bed . so instead of relaxing on the large luxurious bed we had imagined , we were forced to either sleep in separate beds like ward and june cleaver or either cuddle up on a small full size like two college kids in a fraternity house ! we discovered that the coffee maker wasn ' t working and called down to the desk to have someone look at it , and waited two and half hours . we had issues with the plumbing , including extremely slow hot water tap in the bathtub which took N minutes to fill . the toilet stopped working twice . we returned one afternoon from the art museum to find the maid in our room , sitting on the bed , watching the tv and talking on her cell phone . they bellman were rude , and wouldn ' t let my fiance unload our own car which was packed with some of his very expensive camera equipment . there were errors on our bill . last but not least , we saw a roach in the drawers . alive . the restaurant downstairs was decent , and the location is fairly good since my conference was in the hyatt next door but for the price you can find someplace better . i will never ever stay here again under any circumstances . 
our vacation was highlighted by a four day stay at homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown . i believed it would be the best part of the trip i discovered it was an unfolding nightmare . while in our lovely room on the fifteenth floor , a voice emanating from the phone , informed us of the pending fire alarm and what procedures to follow . anyone above the tenth floor was instructed to go into the bathroom , wet towels and place them along the bottom of the closed door . do not use the elevators and wait for further instructions . we nervously waited for twenty minutes without any further communications from the voice in the phone . we then decided to exit via the stairs , realizing too late that once you entered the stairwells , doors behind you were locked . we continued to travel downward , against the backdrop music of sirens and loud muffled speakers . obviously , we were rescued without any physical injuries yet emotionally we were damaged . i now choose my hotels in the range of ten floors or less . 
sometimes you just can ' t find fault with a hotel , even if you tried . such was the case with sofitel , where we ' d never stayed before . it ' s a sleek , modern , sophisticated hotel with european touches . we spent three days there on a leisure weekend , we had a Nth floor king room looking directly at the hancock building , at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about N a night . the room was average sized , well-appointed , everything in it worked , and it had a fabulous view of the chicago high-rise jungle , including snippets of the lake . the public areas were wonderfully decorated . the restaurant served a good breakfast at , for chicago , reasonable prices . the staff was excellent . my wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches . the staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her . 
this hotel is the perfect location for downtown chicago shopping . the only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors , but looks much larger on the website . 
excellent hotel in the heart of chicago . the room we stayed in had a great view of lake michigan . we went in july for a vacation and everything is easily accesible from the hotel . most major attractions are in around the loop area . we also got a great deal on the price . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting chicago - its in the right spot for both business and pleasure . 
this hotel does not belong in the same league as the peninsula , four seasons , or ritz carlton . it was more like staying at an overpriced w hotel . staff was very nice and attentive , but the lobby is cramped , and only two small elevators for N floors ! ! several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor , and we were forced to take the stairs . the hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews . 
i stayed for just one nite at the sheraton hotel and towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other ta posters but i was not let down . i got the room via pl N and was first placed in a room on the Nth floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot . since i had nothing to lose , i asked to be moved to a ' room with a view ' . the front desk attendant ( rasheeda ) wanted to make sure that the room i had at first was clean and was in order and i assured her that it was . she then moved me up to the Nth floor with ease and it took about N minute . i was quite surprised as i have heard that they treat pl and hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers . the new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the navy pier , a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of lake michigan . all this for N ? yep ! i skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious ! the room was comfy , had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location . i didnt use it since i wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk . the bed and pillows were very comfy , but i awoke at about N in the morning sweating from the comfy but very warm and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed . this was a great deal for the price and i would absolutely stay here again . 
the james hotel in chicago is by far one of the best hotels that my family and i have ever had the pleasure of staying at . the room service is the best in the area , not to mention the spa in the hotel is to die for . the lobby and the reception area is very contemporary . this is a great place to take the family to relax . i would recommend this hotel to anyone . N stars ! 
i booked my room at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers somewhat reluctantly i was not enthusiastic about spending over N on this room after seeing the lackluster photos on their website . i was pleasantly surprised when i arrived that the lobby did not look as stuffy as it did online . unfortunately , my hopes were dashed once again when i arrived at my room . i say ' at ' because after discovering my newly issued key was not working , i had to wait ten minutes before someone finally came to let me in . the room was painfully small-- if i didn ' t know better i would have thought i was staying at a red roof inn ! the ' sweet sleeper bed ' had stiff and scratchy sheets , with a cheap-motel-thin coverlet . the disappointment continued after i entered the bathroom and found that it not only reeked of smoke , but also outfitted with the cheapest trimmings possible . i stayed my two nights , and was surprised to find out that all sorts of other charges were added to my room ( for which i was not responsible ) , charged on demand movies , an empty mini bar , and for smoking in the bathroom . hah ! i have stopped payment on my credit card , and most certainly will not be submitting myself to this horrific experience again . 
my stay at the homewood suites was absolutely one of my greatest stays away from home . the locations right in the heart of downtown chicago . within the river north shopping district . i love to shop so that was what i needed . magnificent N room layouts with kitchen . the room was fully equipted with anything i needed , nice flat screen along with a breakfast buffet and a fantastic complimentary dinner and wine . after dinner and wine i enjoyed the comfort of the heated indoor pool so relaxing . i would recommend these suites to everyone i know . 
i am writing in regards to our stay april N-N . we were celebrating our honeymoon and were disappointed with our stay . there was construction going on in the hotel and we were not notified of it prior to our stay . my husband had ordered champagne and strawberries for the room to be in there prior to our arrival . . . it wasn ' t . when he called to place the order again , it never showed up . we were so disappointed and surprised by the lack of service that we decided to forgo ordering them for a Nrd time . our room was very small , drab and lacked the romantic setting we were looking for . we had called to request a room with a large tub , similar to the ones in the photos , prior to our arrival , noting that we didn ' t mind an upgrade cost . instead , the tub was incredibly small . we have stayed at the intercontinental in other cities before and had such high expectations for the chicago location , especially considering we were celebrating such a happy , once-in-a-lifetime occasion . the service and amenities just didn ' t match up . 
my stay at the hotel allegro chicago was an amazing experience ! the staff were helpful and considerate , always there to tend to my needs . my suite was extremely clean , and had all the amenities that i could ask for . i almost didn ' t want to leave my room , because it was so nice . but in the end i did , because the hotel is situated in such a great area , that i had to go out and see some of the sites . this hotel has wonderful rooms and service , and is in a really great area . i suggest that everyone come here if they are staying in chicago . 
first stepping foot on the hotel propety i could tell it was a negative place , seeing as how there was what apperd to me to be vice lords all aroung the property . not that i have a personal problem or affelated with another gang , it ' s just the way they was acting , drinking the hotels cheepest wine , they could of been there for securaty purpouses like the hell ' s angels was to some concerts . walking in the hotel i oder hit me . it smelled like a cretan type of burning wood that i have smelled , only later to find out it was the smell of rock cocine . i looked at the pool only to find there was no watter and scateborders all around the place . me being a high class bizness man , i decided to leave . 
home away from home ! the suites are amazing with great views of the city . the food is delious and served by an excellent staff . i loved the heated pool on the top floor , very relaxing after a long day of meetings . great place to stay when your in chicago ! 
you made chicago a wonderful stay ! the room was gorgeous ! i came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that i needed , i didn ' t even have to ask ! thank you so much , i will be back ! very tidy room as well ! 
the omni chicago hotel was a delight to stay in . the second you step into the place , it takes your breath away . it ' s very modern with an antique twist . the rooms are spacious and comfortable . they are clean . every member of the staff was courteous and polite . proud of their place of work . happy to be there . you don ' t often see that . the room service was phenomenal . visiting chicago was amazing , and staying at the omni hotel made my visit that much better . the luxurious pools were an added plus as well . i also enjoyed the gym facilities . i will definitely be staying at the omni hotel on my next visit . 
hello , i recently stayed at the affinia hotel in chicago , and was very unhappy when i learned of additional charges upon arrival . when i made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees . when i arrive i ' m told fee to valet park is N per day , plus another N for internet . this is just plain ridiculous , and will remember not to stay here in future . there ' s too many other fine hotels that don ' t charge these fees . 
we stayed N nights at the knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay . the hotel has recently renovated there rooms . the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from dave and cora at the martini bar to julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us . the hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that chicago offers . our pick for the city is the knickerbocker . john and judy . 
i had the misfortune of being booked at the amalfi hotel in chicago a few weeks ago . what a joke . to start off , the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed . i don ' t know who made the bed up in my room , but it could have been done better by my N year old . ditto the bathroom . water spots , soap scum and ( ugh ) hair of all kinds in the sink , tub and about the floor . gross . i requested non-smoking , either they didn ' t listen or didn ' t care , but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray . the ' beautiful view ' was ruined by water spots - not outside ( which is forgiveable ) but inside ! and they were sticky . i stayed only one night . the holiday inn had rooms available , and they were clean . never again . 
my husband and i stayed here for new years eve weekend . this is an excellent hotel in an excellent location . hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming . the rooms had the best electronics i ' ve ever seen . loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall . the hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by , so we avoided it too . ate at joe ' s across the street - excellent seafood . and you can shop til you drop without going outside ! nordstroms and four story mall is attached . lots of good ' food on the run ' places in there . loved chicago - loved the conrad . i will go back ! 
me , my sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of N . . . they said there all spacious suites . . . yeah right . . . our room you could barely walk in . . . and they said theres N double beds . . . yeah well one was a pull out couch . . . and the bathroom . . . tiny tiny tiny . . . and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room . . . yeah . . . i wouldnt stay here again 
i just got back from the monaco in chicago ! i was very pleasantly surprised , as my husband booked this trip as a last minute getaway , and he usually picks bad places-haha . anyway , the moment we got there the doormen greeted us warmly and helped get our luggage situatated . it was busy and the line was a little long , but it moved quickly . the lady at the front desk gave us a high floor when we requested one which was very good , especially since it seemed to be near full . the room was clean and spacious ( especially considering it ' s a city hotel ) . we made a lot of use of the concierge , since again , it was so last minute we didn ' t really make any plans . he gave us some tips and also gave us a few places we should go for chicago pizza yummy ! it was also great being near the theater district , and basically in the thick of everything so we saved on cab fare . i thought the coolest thing was they brought you a goldfish in a bowl for your room ! very trendy . my husband is not as easily impressed , but he was really excited about the free wine hour and the free drinks in the afternoon . overall , really nice stay in a four star , or probably four and half star hotel ! 
hard rock hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays . what they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be . the service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons , service is more redily available and friendly the more you make . the rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings . the laundry service leaves more to be desired . the sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco . i recently stayed at the hard rock hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding . your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for ? 
this hotel is rather stupid to be frank . it ' s a horrible attempt to be retro-sheek but ends up looking similar to that saturday night live skit where things are so sheek that they are not functional . the rooms are about the size of a shoe box and there isn ' t much in them . i actually like the pedestal in the bathroom but there is no sink . i had to put my make-up on using the toliet for N-days . it also took me N-minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower and the bathroom is more like a closet then anything . i had guests over one evening and everyone could hear everyone pee b c the bathroom doors aren ' t doors at all and there is no bathroom fan ! it was just over the top for me and lots of costruction nearby to keep you up at night . on a good note , the staff are really friendly and the place is really clean . that ' s about the only good thing i can say about this place . i would not go back . 
i stayed in this hotel for N days in november together with my colleagues . internet only wired available for N additional dollars a day . no fridge or microwave included in the price . our room had two too soft full size beds . in the hall way the wallpaper had come off the wall . who doesnt believe it , check out the Nth floor close to room N . with discount we paid more than N dollars a night which is ridiculous . i stayed in the hyatt regency before for much cheaper and that was way better . the restaurant in the main hall is very nice and the food is tasty , but although being almost the only customer it took forever that the food got served . please stay away and take one of the plenty alternatives nearby . 
very nice hotel , better than expected . the hot breakfast is great in the morning , but the dinner at night goes above and beyond ( even free wine ! ) the rooms are pretty good size , well furnished , and clean . i liked the view from my room . i used the fitness center and although did not have everything i would have liked , was adequate . i will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view . the staff was friendly and helpful being my first time in chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration . i would definitely recommend this hotel . 
the swissotel chicago is a delight to visit . located in downtown chicago this hotel has nine different styles of room accommodations to serve everyones taste . they have children friendly rooms as well as the exquisite presidential suite . rooms have exceptional views of downtown chicago . this hotel also has a penthouse fitness center and pool for entertainment . other places to stop by to eat is the palms , geneva and the lobby lounge . 
my husband and i stayed at the palmer house hilton in chicago for our anniversary . the hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a hilton brand hotel in a major city . the service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly . the location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater , visit the lincoln park zoo and picnic by the lake . all of these were very close to our hotel . the price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations . we also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge . highly recommend . 
i had wanted to stay in this hotel since i had heard about how historic it is and i was highly disappointed with my stay there . the room that i was given was dirty and when i went back to the front desk to inquire about it , they disregarded my concerns . it took them a very long time to get me a new room and they whole time they were very unprofessional and did not make me feel welcome . i did not stay in the hotel all night since the people in the rooms around mine were unruly and were making noises all night long . i left that night but not before demanding a refund . 
i stayed at the ambassador east hotel this past summer for N days and it was the worst hotel experience i have ever had ! firstly , the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there they looked dingy or just plain dirty . second , i went to function one night and came back in late so i was really tired the next morning , hence i slept in late . i put the ' do not disturb ' sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean . obviously , the room service lady can ' t read . third , and worst of them all , when i checked i was only allowed valet parking so i gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece . well , the next morning when i asked for my car to be retrieved , there was a big dent in the driver ' s door of my N mustang ! i was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that . in the end i had to get my door repaired on my own ! the only thing i liked there was the food and it wasn ' t even all that . i was so disappointed and so i ' m warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation . 
be prepared the hotel is old . it is on the historic list . the is updating to be done no doubt . . so just be forewarned . it is clean and the staff is phenomenal . having said that , you can not beat the location . right in the heart of the gold coast . take a train from o ' hare right into the city . it drops you off only N blocks from the hotel . one block from the beach and public transportation is right there . incredible area to explore . i highly recommend the ambassador east 
this hotel was chosen for me for a business convention . the lobby was pretty cool . but the rooms were tiny and very dark . i had a huge picture of kiss above my toilet . it was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting . the location is ok . you have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of michigan ave , but its not too bad . be prepared for some sad sights after dark . apparently panhandling is permitted in chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging ) because at night , the beggars come out . the saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -N temp night . those kids looked terrible . unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city . you don ' t see so many in the daylight . also the room service at the hard rock is pretty good . its plenty for N people . i would not stay here again though . i suggest the omni hotel . 
the air-condition has a noisy fan compressor in each room . it starts every N to N min and the noise will wake you up . at least the first night . this is an old fashion system that needs to be replaced . the postal service at the hotel is non-working . the hotel messed up our concert tickets that was correctly addressed and transported by ups . the tickets were at the hotel general managers office . the reception denied that they had arrived . we had to spend most of a day travelling to the ticket agent to resolve it . the hotel did not find any reason to apologize for the inconvenience . the concert was the reason for our travel to chicago . else , the hotel had good standard , free internet in the lobby , not to good view from the rooms , and friendly staff at the restaurants and the bars . we had booked N room-nights all together staying at room N , N and N from the Nrd june . 
the amalfi hotel chicago portrayed itself to be a luxurious comfortable place to stay . when arriving at the hotel my party and i had over a N minute wait just to check in . we were treated like cattle once we were able to check in at their ' private ' counter that their website highlights . it felt as though i was sitting with a bank teller rather than checking in . not only did the wait and process take seemingly forever , but our reservations were completely wrong . i ended up having to settle for a double non-smoking room when i had reserved a smoking king room . not having the room i requested and was assured was available is completely unacceptable for the high prices of this supposedly high end luxurious hotel . i was not compensated for having to switch rooms and audrey our experience designer was no help at all even when we called down upon entering the room which smelled of urine and stale booze . i recommend saving a handful of money and checking into a chain hotel in the area . the amalfi hotel chicago is a waste of time and money as far as i am concerned especially when i could stay at a cheaper chain hotel and get better treatment and comfort . don ' t waist your time staying here . 
the conrad hilton recently took over this property from the failed meridian hotel . it seems that the conrad has inherited a hotel property that just doesn ' t work . the entrance is very difficult to find . there are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby . as a result , there was often a line waiting for them . the same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area . if you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay , you will find the poor elevator layout annoying . the king room is what i would consider small compared to other chicago hotels . although i like modern design , the room was quite stark and cold . it was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear . the bathroom was the best part . has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk ? it was the most uncomfortable set-up i ' ve experienced . the views are non-existent for most of the rooms . in a city with amazing vistas , this was disappointing . i saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them . room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay . excellent food and high quality presentation . sorry i couldn ' t write a better review . would i stay here again ? no . chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them . 
my husband and i recently stayed at your hard rock hotel in chicago , and what a fantastic experience it was . we stayed in one of the ' extreme suites ' and let me tell you it was beautiful . the furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for . the staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some . i especially loved the spa . we stayed for a week but i could have stayed a lot longer . it was very comfortable and welcoming . we will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in chicago . thanks so much ! 
when we arrived the check in process was fairly quick , however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around . they seemed as if we were taking up their time . when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions , and after having to pay N a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow . the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain . overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it . 
my husband and i came to the ambassador east hotel for my sister ' s wedding . the hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over N guests . when we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were , helping us check and get our guests situated . they were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest ' s rooms . our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed , with a view of the city . we held the rehearsal dinner groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall . after my sister was married in a church downtown , we held the reception in the large banquet hall . again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner , the dj and all of the wedding ' s decorations . we had a great time . ambassador east hotel is highly recommended ! 
for starters , i had trouble reaching the front desk . every time i called it would ring endlessly ! when finally i did reach someone , she was snooty , impolite , and altogether unhelpful . being from the south and not knowing anything about chicago i was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area . as i was there on business , i was really looking forward to the wi-fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted . unfortunately , this was not the case . after multiple log in attempts i ended up going to a local ' internet bar . ' as attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were , the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing . 
if you are looking for a high end hotel on the magnificent mile , the affinia chicago is not your best option . first of all , the ' central ' location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the navy pier ( which this hotel claims to be the ' official ' hotel of ) and to the shops on the mile . secondly , the hotel is small - only N rooms , most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area . thirdly , they have one restaurant and one lounge , both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel . finally the affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel . one does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the affinia ! 
don ' t ever stay at this hotel ! , conrad chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine . first of all , the price ! you not get what you pay for . i paid N . N one night for a room that did not even had a tv ! ! that ' s ridiculous ! the bathroom did not work , and it was nasty ! the bed sheets seemed like used , as if some people slept there and they smelled bad ! after my experience with conrad chicago , i will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel . you get better service and accommodations even in a N star motel ! 
stayed at the fitzpatrick before , about N years ago , it was ok . the management was great , staff was so kind , and rooms were clean . but this time i promised my self never to go back ! ! the new staff was so rude ! ! i made a reservation for my anniversary on the internet , and the day of check in i was told by the hotel staff that they do not have my reservation ! N ) i was transferred around back and forth from the hotel staff to the reservations hotline . N ) staff was extremely rude ! not arrogant , but rude ! like they hated thier job . N ) they offered check in at Npm but the room wasn ' t ready till Npm ! N ) there were stains everywhere ! N ) because of the high sales of rooms due to popularity on this site , they must have hired a cheap unfriendly staff . 
when i went to the james hotel in chicago i truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising . gorgeous chairs , staff at the desk focusing on their job , and a clean , well decorated hotel room . much to my , and my wallet ' s dismay i found quite the opposite . i arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed , and found the clerk reading a magazine . it must have been a fascinating article , as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if i had a reservation , or would be making one . i said i had one , and gave him the voucher i ' d printed out . he checked it , and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out , he went on to say that i would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if i wished to stay the night . i grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and i desperately needed to get some sleep . the clerk offered to walk me to my room , saying i looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after i got some sleep . i accepted , and followed him to my new room . he carried the briefcase i had with me , but it was not apparent why at the time as i had both hands free . he ushered me into my room , setting the briefcase down inside , and said if i needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything . i thanked him and closed the door . it was then that i looked around and fully saw where i was staying . what was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds N ' apart , covered in ruffled blankets and sheets . the cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently . a quick look around the other areas and i found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap , not even the complementary ones were left behind . i got ready for bed , and looked around for the tv remote , which it turned out , had no batteries in it . instead , i just turned out the lights and rolled over , sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option . in the morning i walked down to the lobby and asked to check out . i ' d had enough of the hotel after one night . the clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill . N for my room , and an extra N with a note about a baggage service . i asked her about it , and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service . i asked if it was considered reasonable to charge N for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up , and riding the elevator , and she said it was unusual , but not unheard of . she offered to change it to a ' mere ' N and handed me a slip with a phone number , name , and reason for the disagreement , saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and i after i signed it . i did so , and left , my wallet N lighter , and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep . 
we loved this hotel and would definitely come back . initially we weren ' t given a goldfish , which was disappointing , but then we left a tip for the housekeeper , and she rewarded us with one . we had fun sipping wine and playing wii in the lobby every afternoon . the staff were quite friendly and helpful , even printing our boarding passes for us . our room was very comfortable , with a cozy little alcove at the window where we read the paper . at first we were worried about noise , since our room was next to the elevator , but we hardly heard it , and didn ' t notice any street noise either . the hotel is colorfully and tastefully decorated , well-lit , and ideally located . 
i had such a horrible experience when i stayed at omni chicago hotel last saturday night . first of all , the plasma tv in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available , and they weren ' t particularly apologetic about it , either . secondly , it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel , but as an ex-smoker , i can tell that people had smoked in the room recently . additionally , the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels , which was really disappointing , because i was looking forward to using the pool . finally , check-out was supposed to be at noon . at N N am , the maid was knocking at the door . she asked if i would be out soon , and i thought was very quite intrusive . i will never , ever stay at that place again . 
it has been a couple of years since i stayed here , and got it for a night last weekend on hotwire . i paid only N and stayed a saturday night . i was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel . the lobby has always been great , but the rooms were a little shabby in the past . not any more , as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years . the location is still amazing , and with the berghoff open again , there is a great restaurant within walking distance . 
staff were friendly , room was well kept like a typical hyatt location . hotel is huge , with two buildings and over N rooms . good location , close to michigan ave and the subway . parking is N day . ouch ! i bid on it on priceline for N . 
the conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding , fancy decorations , beautiful lobby , etc . however , they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail . when i checked in , i went to get a glass of wine from the minibar , only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm . i called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it . in the meantime , i said , great , but what about a cold drink ? they proceeded to send me N glass of wine via room service , without asking me if this would be okay . i paid N for N glass of wine . the minibar bottle would ' ve given me N glasses for about N . nothing was said to me about this obvious difference . when i called to complain , i was made to feel cheap . to me , it was not the money , it was the principle . the next morning , my bill showed that i had eaten something out of the minibar . i had not . i called , and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something ( duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it ) , and they took the charge off . they also took N off my room service bill , but i was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that i was overcharged . also , when they fixed the minibar fridge , they did not replace anything in it . the guy said , it ' ll take a while for things to cool down . oh , really ? how about the warm beer , that was once cold , that will now taste disgusting ? i guess they ' re saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea . another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work . when i plugged it in , it made N other lights in the bathroom go off , and then it never would come on . it seems that the conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful , without worrying about each customer ' s experience . i don ' t think they go into the rooms and check them out . and their sta 
the talbot hotel is an elegant place to take you wife or husband for a weekend getaway . the personally yours romantic package was fabulous . upon check in we opened our room door and found a romantic atmosphere . there was rose pedals and luxurious bathrobes . we felt like it was our honey moon all over again . 
the palmer house hilton is located in the heart of the theatre , financial and shopping districts of downtown chicago . it is walking distance to museums , shopping , government and corporate buildings . the location makes it perfect for visiting chicago . the rooms are luxurious , with super comfortable beds and soft sheets . the rooms was clean and quite nice looking . the hotel ' s restaurants are amazing . the hotel would definately exceed your expectations , whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation . 
we stayed at the omni between christmas and new year ' s in N just to get away for a few days . we found it through web deals and got a penthouse suite very cheap . so this year we checked online just a day or so after christmas and the deal was there again . it also included parking at the great price . huge suite overlooking downtown chicago . best location to walk everywhere . my N and N yr olds loved swimming at night and the chocolate cookies on their pillows . can ' t wait to go back . 
we stayed at the palmer house hilton in early december , we stay there that weekend every december and we think it is the best location in the city for us . we like state street better than michigan avenue and the palmer house is right there . we stayed in the towers , in a room with two double beds and N baths . the room was not huge , but very comfortable . the towers area was recently refurbished and it shows , the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen tvs on the walls , comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food drinks . there is a continental breakfast in the morning , appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes . there is a fridge stocked with soft drinks , water and juice that are yours for the taking . we were very pleased with the upgraded towers , everyone should check it out ! 
i stayed for four nights while attending a conference . the hotel is in a great spot - easy walk to michigan ave shopping or rush st . , but just off the busy streets . the room i had was spacious , and very well-appointed . the staff was friendly , and the fitness center , while not huge , was well-equipped and clean . i ' ve stayed at a number of hotels in chicago , and this one is my favorite . internet wasn ' t free , but at N for N hours is cheaper than most business hotels , and it worked very well . 
my wife and i recently stayed at the allegro hotel in chicago and were extremely disappointed . it claims to be a luxury hotel , but the air conditioning in our unit wasn ' t working and the ice maker in refridgerator was unbearably slow . we phoned in these issues to the front desk and the person on the other end assured us these problems would be taken care of . noone ever showed up . aside from that , there were so many kids running around we couldn ' t think straight . this is just my two cents , but i ' d would tell anyone considering staying at the allegro to pass and look at their other options . 
upon arrival at the ambassador east hotel in chicago , i was immediately impressed with the courtesy and attentiveness of the staff . from the moment we checked-in until we left the staff , from the front desk to roomkeeping were extememly pleasant and accomodating . since we had our two daughters with us , we booked the traditional double room . the room was very nice with comfortable beds and a great view too . it had plenty of room for the four of us--or should i say five of us . the girls did not want to leave home without chichi , our teacup chihuahua . fortunately , the amabassador east allows small pets ( with a pet waiver ) . that made everybody happy ! the location is great as well . conviently located . easy to get to from lakeshore drive . close to the museums . i ' m looking forward to my next visit to chicago . i ' ll be staying here again ! 
i have stayed at the palmer a half dozen times in the past and it has been ok . the main drawbacks are the check in desk is always slow and they charge you to use the fitness center , which is truly annoying . in addition , there are so many rooms you often have to walk a hundred years to find your room once you get off the elevator . other than that , it is a classic old hotel with some yesteryear charm . but , the room they gave me most recently was so small it was laughable . the door to the bathroom could not open as it hit the desk , and the chair to the desk could not be properly pulled out as it hit the bed . there was no room for them to put the tv in front of the bed , so they shoved it off to the side . room N makes prison cells seem roomy and i promise that no one who works there would ever put someone they know in this hovel . it should not be sold as a hotel room . 
i stayed in a deluxe king suite . no desk to work at or to sit at to eat room service meals . the only table was coffee table height and the couch was some strange futon that was lower than the coffee table ( ! ) and canted forward . incredibly uncomfortable to sit at and ridiculous for room service meals or to work at computer . since my room was configured like all the other deluxe king suites depicted in on line photos , i have to assume this design flaw with the couch futon runs throughout the property . bed was fine and bath was fine but i can ' t imagine why business travelers would rate this property well . the couch futon seating is the worst i ' ve encountered in a modern hotel . 
if you asked me two years ago , i would have recommended the talbott hotel without hesitation to anyone who asked . now , i have definitely changed my mind . while this hotel is located in a nice area of chicago , surrounded by great restaurants , shops and affluent people , it has really begun to slowly downgrade . as noted by my reviews , i am incredibly serious about customer service . if you ' re in the hospitality industry , there is really no excuse for falling short in this category--- but alas , the talbott really has . the door staff don ' t say a word , the desk people acknowledge you only when they are not doing a million other things ( which they always are ) and the staff have an air of snobbishness . inexcusable since we , the customers , are paying to stay at their over-priced hotel . perhaps the most annoying aspect of my latest stay was that i had to walk down N flights of stairs to get to the lobby of the hotel because i waited a solid N minutes for the elevator , which , when it arrived , was packed to the brim . i get that it ' s an old hotel , but it is incredibly annoying that they only have two elevators for the entire place and when one is down for construction , the other one overflows with people and i am forced to walk eleven flights to simply get to my dinner reservation on time ( which i didn ' t . ) i will not continue giving this hotel my business and have other better recommendations to give to friends who plan on visiting . 
my husband and i recently traveled to chicago on a mini vacation . we stayed at the omni chicago hotel in the downtown area . this hotel is simply beautiful . from the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left , we were treated as if we were royalty . i have never been treated so well . we were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs . we stayed in a superior corner suite . the view of the city was the most amazing thing i had ever seen . the rooms were very spacious and clean . the king size bed was extremely comfortable . the room didn ' t seem like we were in a hotel , it had the feeling of home . there was a separate living room area which was wonderful , my husband and i just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline . it was mesmerizing . we ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping , which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping . most everything is in walking distance . the food was to die for it was as if we were eating at a N star fine dining restaurant . we did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge . the lounge had a classy feel to it , very relaxing yet sophisticated . we even received a massage , in our room . while we did have all the conveniences of home , such as internet and tv , we did not even think about using them , being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives . this was the most romantic vacation my husband and i have ever taken . i cannot express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel . we had other options but i am so glad we decided to stay here . the rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience , which the experience itself is priceless . i will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel . 
my wife and i stayed here for a weekend in chicago and had an okay experience . the location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown chicago hotel . everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in chicago means a taxi ride . the other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere . i don ' t necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby , the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere . the pool spa excercise room was not very impressive either . it is accessible by walking through the business center corridor , wondering if you ' re going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small . there is also no hot tub and the ' spa ' is a closet with a massage table . the concierge was helpful but the people that answer the ' sheraton promise ' phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors . the beds were super comfortable . i think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do much better in downtown chicago . 
it was my first time to visit chicago and i would say , i ' d definitely go back , not just because of the air and water show that we really enjoyed , but most importantly , because of the hotel that we stayed in . the millennium knickerbocker is not just accommodating to their human guests , but with pets too . at first i was reluctant that they will give us accommodations because of my pet dog , but i was surprised it turned out the other way . i ' ve experienced being denied reservations because of my dog and that ' s really frustrating , it ' s just nice that there still are other hotels that are pet friendly . i would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends if they plan to visit chicago . 
we booked this hotel using points on our credit card . when we arrived , we were immediately greeted by a friendly face . we arrived several hours before check-in . however , they let us check-in early . they also gave us a free room upgrade . the hotel is absolutely stunning ! in addition , it is off of state street . there are many things to do - shopping , dinning , theater . it is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the united center or the airport . the hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge . the room was so dark and quiet we slept in . 
my family really enjoyed this hotel the weekend we were in chicago . check in was quick and easy the staff was friendly and very helpful . the room was clean , the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of chicago . next time we come to chicago we will definitely stay here again . 
my husband and i were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the conrad hotel . for the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite . upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist . not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name , but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she couldn ' t spell ! our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me . we ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food . it was alright but nothing out of this world . we felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere . all in all the conrad was a big disappointment to both of us . 
i recently stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower hotel and i could not be more pleased . the hotel is sleek from the elegant lobby to the modern , stylish rooms . the rooms are something truly special with huge , soft beds with the most luxurious sheets you have ever seen and felt . the bathrooms are beautiful with cool marble tiles and a gorgeous glass and marble shower tub . if that wasn ' t enough each room has a crisp N ' lcd tv that displays tv in the most beautiful and clear way with an absolutely amazing sound system . when you finally make it out of your room , down the grand stair case you need not look further for dinner than the hotel restaurant . it is called cafe des architectes and like the hotel itself melds a modern sophistication with classic french techniques . their wine list is amazing but their prices are fantastic for a hotel near the magnificent mile . a full dinner including appetizer , main course , and dessert can be had for N , amazing . if you are looking for a modern , urban , chic hotel in chicago then look no further , the sofitel chicago water tower hotel is your only real choice . 
i stayed at ich chicago for business in november of N and loved it . as a royal ambassador member , they upgraded me to a beautiful junior suite with a separate living and working area and N bathrooms ! my upgrade was in place upon arrival and a beautiful fruit basket was waiting for me on the coffee table . they even had a nice young lady escort me to my room . the suite was beautifully furnished and had an art deco feel to it . the only thing i regretted was that i only stayed one night . i will definitely stay here on my next visit . 
the bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed , so we called maintenance to have it fixed . we returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease . there were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools . we love chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again . 
i was not at all impressed with my stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago . checking in there were two people ahead of me but apparently that takes the N ( one ! ! ) front desk agent N minutes to process . both guests had issues with their rooms regarding , it seemed , wrong room types and being out of the room type requested . i was nervous about my own reservation and , sure enough , my superior corner room wasn ' t available . the hotel tried to compensate me with complimentary breakfast and drinks at the bar but it is still annoying to reserve a room type and not have it be available . i was also annoyed that every little thing has an upcharge at the hotel . want internet ? upcharge . want extra pillows ? upcharge . extra coffee for the room ? upcharge . bad enough to get that treatment on the airline ride over but to have a hotel nickle and dime you is very annoying and aggravating . i won ' t be back and would strongly recommend other travelers to beware before booking . 
i was consistently disappointed throughout my stay at the james . i had heard from others that it was ' agreeable ' and ' workable ' and ' all right , ' or even ' a nice place . ' i figured that there would be no problems and booked a guestroom for a long weekend visit with my long-distance girlfriend . according to the website , i was about to immerse myself and my date in a bath of cutting-edge contemporary furnishings and ' warm tones . ' well , when i arrived , i felt like i was in an ikea showroom just before closing time on a busy day . everything in the front was just a bit too askew . the staff were busy , distracted , inattentive , and in every way keen to show me i was a bother to them . i handled my own bags far too much to be convinced of their commitment to my comfort . i also thought my room was quite pathetic for its price . it looked distinctly like someone had rolled around on the beds just before i got there . the bathroom fixtures felt a little bit gross and smelled very strongly , inexplicably , of men ' s cologne . nobody cared when i complained of this and suggested that maybe it was just ' stuck in my nose ' and that it would go away . well , it didn ' t , and i had a horrible headache by the time my lady arrived . this ruined my entire first evening in chicago . for my price i could have stayed a week at an economy hotel , gotten my personal items treated for bedbugs , and still saved money . and i would not have been treated like such a pest . needless to say , i will be looking elsewhere when i go back to chicago . i may not be a frequent patron of luxury hotels , but i know when i am wasting my money . 
i decided to spend the extra money booking a room at the monaco because of the website ' s pictures of the beautiful rooms and views . it was a waste of cash , to say the least . although i had requested a room with a view of the city , they must have given me the worst room in the place . maid service skipped over my room on my second day there , and i had to call for towels at least twice before someone finally came to my room . the food was outrageously expensive and not even lukewarm . two-star hotel quality . 
my husband and i stayed at the omni after attending a wedding that took place there . we were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful . everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional . we were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to chicago so we can stay there again . and , by the way , the wedding was absolutely gorgeous ! 
i would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are . for my wife and i , we enjoy the warmer colors . cleanliness along with excellent staff , made me feel away from home yet relaxed . being right downtown was perfect for location . the suites are very quiet as well . i surprised my wife with the ' shopping package ' . what a hit ! thanks homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown ! ! 
fantastic stay ! the hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean . i chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was very close to my business conference . here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown chicago charm . be sure to try the ribs at south water kitchen next door . they are the best i ' ve ever had . ever ! if youre in the mood to unwind , you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around . i had a great time here . from now on , i won ' t stay anyplace else . 
hotel monaco is simply amazing . i travel quite a bit , and am use to generic hotels , with horribly unimpressive rooms , and ' N star amenities ' which usually mean a packet of instant coffee , and room service that won ' t serve after Npm . hotel monaco on the other hand was very impressive . the suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy . this hotel has such personality . my absolute favorite part of my stay , aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs , was the in-room spa treatment . hotel monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me . generic just won ' t do anymore . 
our suite at the knickerbocker are quite nice , but the behavior and attitude of the staff is beyond abysmal . first , a member of the staff entered our room mid-day unannounced only to apologize after realizing that he failed to verify that we were present . not a tremendous problem , but when the young woman at the front desk replied ' what do you want me to do about it ' with the tone of a flippant teenager , i began to suspect that a severe deficiency in manners may have been evident in the staff . fast forward to this evening . following a lovely meal off the premises , we chose to turn in a bit early at N N pm only to discover that despite our best intentions , the bass from a party downstairs was more than audible in our room . acting prudently and with restraint , we decided to phone the front desk to inquire as to why our room had been inadvertently annexed into the party downstairs , but yet again we were met with a curt and quite rude response . sean at the front desk informed us that the party was a greater priority for the hotel , and that the family dictated that the music was to be set at a certain volume . on one hand i appreciated his honesty , but on the other , i truly would have preferred that he at least pretended to care about the guests who chose to stay at his property . since we ' re out of options for the evening , we ' ve decided to stay up and try to watch tv for the time being , but given the circumstances , the staff could have easily made up for the negative situations that arose in quick succession . also , i was alarmed to learn that while i slept the prior night , a possible gang-related shooting took place mere blocks from the property . this wouldn ' t have been a concern if like nearby hotels , the knickerbocker chose to enlist any type of security measures within their lobby . would i stay here again ? maybe on a dare , or if someone else was footing the bill . yet i ' ve had better experiences in road side motels , and the employee training regimen could use a serious revamping to better serve the interests of the guests , and more importantly simple common sense . 
the swissotel chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist ' s paradise , a hotel so grand and luxurious that you ' d rather stay than return home at the end of your trip . but is it really as magnificent as suggested ? true , you can get a massage , the rooms have flat screen t . v . s and ipod docks , heck , there ' s even a gym . but the truth is , you ' re really paying much more for a few things you don ' t really need . the swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur , when really , all you ' re getting is a holiday inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mpN player . overpriced dining options are available at the palm restaurant . they claim to serve excellent lobster , yet what i ordered was the size of a craw fish , and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth . this hotel hides behind a velvet curtain , hoping their facade won ' t be revealed . 
