the talbott hotel itself is a bit worn around the edges . no - not a bit worn - very much so i ' m sorry to say . although the location a block and a half from the best part of michigan ave . can ' t be beat , and the level of service is on par with many four seasons , there were quite a few bumps in the road . number one , the rooms are quite dreary - brown on brown is just so not pleasing . the desk chair was so badly worn that the ' lift ' button simply swirled down when you sat in it and no we ' re not grossly obese . the back of the chair leaned so much it was uncomfortable . my husband had to use N couch pillows to use it - one to get him up to desk heighth , one up against his back to scoot him up to the desk . the bathroom was oddly arranged so that the door swung up right next to the sink , so if you were using the far sink and someone needed to enter the bathroom you got hit with the door . the towels were very well worn and thin , although bath sized , which was a plus . the restaurant downstairs is practically another posting - suffice to say , it was horrific . we had some appetizers outside on the nice streetside tables , and they ( appetizers ) were awful and looked as though a child had tossed them together in the kitchen . a room service sandwich ordered later in our visit was totally wet on the side , served on a large white plate , and was one slice of meat and one slice of plastic american cheese on a grocery store-like roll - very very sad . even the menu , as limited as it was , looked as though someone ' s child had written it out . the good news is that chicago is a fairly well-read restaurant town so there are plenty of other places to go . unfortunately for us , the N days we stayed there was a large convention and jazz festival in town so we paid N nt for our disappointments . the good news is that the mini bars ' wares were incredibly well-priced - when ' s the last time you had a N beer anywhere in a hotel ? ( even if it was bud and bud lite - lol ! ) the front desk and curbside staff could not have been more accommodating . the water out of the shower was hot and plentiful , and the bed comfortable . the a c was not noisy nor uncomfortable whatsoever , and we had it going the entire time as it was in the N ' s our entire stay . free wi-fi - yes ! and it wasn ' t horribly grindingly slow ! no need for the advertised ' upgrade ' for faster wi-fi . talbott - please update your rooms and get a new restaurant concept and you will be ahead of the game . apparently there are enough folks getting deals on rooms here so they are pleased , but we were sadly not . 
my husband and i recently stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had ! from the first moment we walked in , we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby . i casually mentioned that it was our anniversary , and after we came back from dinner , we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room . the staff was professional but friendly , and made us feel so welcome . the room was immaculate , the furnishings were so plush - we didn ' t really want to go home ! room service was prompt , and the views were spectacular ! we are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat . 
i have stayed at the amalfi hotel before and it has always been excellent . this time was no different . usually i book direct with the hotel , however , i found a slightly better deal booking through expedia , which saved about N . the staff were great . i arrived early and they had a room waiting . i was placed on the Nth ( top ) floor and it was quiet and comfortable . overall , it was as good as it gets ! i will definitely continue to stay here when i ' m in chicago . remember , the hotel is close to everything - downtown , the magnificent mile , lots of restaurants , etc . everything is within walking distance ! 
this hotel has a great location , and very friendly staff . however , the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition . i use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for N years . rooms have not been well maintained ( old carpets frayed at doors ) , wall paper peeling off of the walls , tv ' s from the N ' s . there is currently construction going on in the lobby area , making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door . 
my husband and i stayed at the palmer house hilton last month to celebrate our anniversary . what a wonderful hotel ! ! we had such a great weekend , largely thanks to the palmer house . every amenity we could want was right there at the hotel , at our fingertips . and the location is perfect--right in downtown chicago . we stayed in one of their one bedroom king suites . it was exquisite--so elegant and beautiful . it was easily the most luxurious suite we have ever stayed in . the service was impeccable . every employee we encountered was both pleasant and eager to accomodate any need we expressed . we had our anniversary dinner at the lockwood restaurant in the hotel . it was delicious ! we will definitely return to the palmer house hilton for our next special weekend getaway . 
i am staying here now and actually am compelled to write this review before i fall asleep . the front desk staff were brief and one of them was chatting with her friend ( gossiping ) as i checked in ( very unprofessional ) . the room she offered me was on a ' high ' floor ( Nth . . . . ha ) and when i checked in there was a big bag of grapes left behind by the previous guest on the window sill and some of the previous guests hair in the bathtub . . . . i was done . called down and had them re-clean the room they made no offer to compensate or upgrade . . . not even a bottle of wine . the front desk clerk suggested i come down and get a key to another room ( like i have time for that ) . disappointing as i do like kimpton hotels and am a kimpton in touch member ( btw they ' ve done away with the amenities . . . you just get a free item from the mini bar ) . 
for a hilton hotel i was very unimpressed , the rooms are incredibly small , there are no refrigirator or coffee machine for coffee or tea . wifi costs an arm . plus side there is a starbucks at the bottom , but only limited opening hours , the lobby is very nice . location is decent . 
my husband and i recently stayed at the conrad chicago for three nights , a thursday through saturday . let me say we were less than pleased with our experience . we chose to stay in the ' king bed deluxe room ' and for an average of over three hundred dollars a night we were sorely disappointed with the accommodations . upon entry the room looked as though it had not been cleaned thoroughly , the rug looked dirty and there were crumbs or something on the dresser . the room was size was average , and again for three hundred dollars a night we were expecting a almost suite type room . the major annoyance was how loud people were . we came in after midnight each evening and long after we went to bed we could hear people coming down the hallway yelling and running . that is totally unacceptable for a supposed high end hotel . you can expect a loud guest maybe once , but every night is ridiculous . the service was also extremely sub par . we had to wait N minutes at check in because the girl at the counter was too busy talking to another employee about what she was going to do after work . one day we put the no house cleaning sign on the door and a maid literally walked in on me . she completely disregarded the sign , did not even bother to knock and just unlocked the door and came right in . it scared me and i ' m just glad i was not getting out of the shower or changing . so to sum up , we will never stay at the conrad again , we will never recommend it to anyone else , and for the money there are a hundred much better hotels to stay at in chicago . 
the intercontinental chicago hotel terrible . first of all , the continental breakfast was a joke . the food was unhealthy and unsatisfactory . after our first night , we expected the maid to come clean up our room . we came back from site-seeing to find that our room was in the same condition we left it in . i will never go back to this hotel again . 
i would not stay at this hotel again . the rooms had a fowl odor . it seemed as though the carpets have never been cleaned . the neighborhood was also less than desirable . the housekeepers seemed to be snooping around while they were cleaning the rooms . i will say that the front desk staff was friendly albeit slightly dimwitted . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is not the hotel for persons wishing to have a relaxing getaway . upon entering this hotel you have the impressions that it is a warm and inviting place . one encounter with the staff will change this point of view immediately . the person who assisted us was not very knowledgeable with his duties and did not provide the overall attention required or expected . everything about this hotel exudes class and sophistication . training for the staff should be conducted immediately in order to match classy look of the hotel with their interactions with the customers . i am truly diappointed with the fact that my stay at this hotel was as substandarded as it was . i was so looking forward to a wonderful stay at your establishment . i hope that the issues mentioned earlier are resolved . however , i do not plan to return to this hotel again . 
having recently been in chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics , i decided to reserve a room at the conrad hotel in chicago and i couldn ' t have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay . every conceivable amenity is available from the N ' plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available i was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury . my room was not only comfortable and clean , but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home . if you ' re in the chicago area , reserve a room at the conrad hotels and resorts and you will not be disappointed . 
often visit chicago , but this was my first stay at this location . was able to secure a good rate through travelzoo . thought the room was clean and was nicely decorated . was very disappointed in the service . stayed on a saturday night - waited N minutes for extra pillows - called for N minutes but found out the third shift crew came in N minutes late . also received an incorrect folio under my door ( another guests that was staying at this location ) . i called the front dest to inform them of the error - and they explained that this was made in error and would be corrected . i opened my credit card statement and found that i was charged for three different rooms - one on the date of my visit and two a week later . i called the hotel and guest services took the information and forwarded to their accounting department . received a message to call the billing department , have called three times - but have not received another reply back . 
i stayed at the hotel for N nights in mid-march and was so disappointed with everything . the room was small , the carpets in the looby were smelly , no bathtub in the washroom and view of brick walls from the windows . not even free internet which even the cheapest hotels offer these days . it costs N day to connect to internet . if you want to use internet in the lobby , minimum charge is N per use . to use the phone in the rooms for local calls , it is N . N Nmins and then N cents every min . even the local calls are charged , what a rip off ! ! ! every hotel i have stayed at offers free intercontinetal breakfast , of course no such thing at this hotel . no indoor pool , go figure . i won this from bidding process at priceline , i will be reluctant to use this service and this hotel in future . 
dispite what other are saying , this was one , if not the best hotel stay in chicago i have had . i travel to the big city about three times a year for pleasure and the james rates up with the best . i was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit . i don ' t believe you will be disapointed . 
we arrived at N N am on a friday , and they had a room ready for us by N N am , mind you check in is not until N Npm . we got our room on priceline for N . N per night and stayed N nights . we were upgraded - for free - to a suite . i think i was so blown away by that , that i forgot to thank them at check-in ! our room was fantastic . it also had a wet bar and a fridge . the bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers . i knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar . the bed and pillows were very comfortable . the room was very clean . every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful . we stayed on the Nth floor of the east tower and had a quiet room . yes , you could hear people in the hallways , but only because they were rude and were yelling . these were not children , they were adults . i don ' t know why everyone complains about N for parking . this is chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much , some without in out privledges . we didn ' t use any of the restaurants or the health club . we tried to eat at the corner bakery but it was too crowded . breakfast at nearby houlihan ' s had a buffet for N . N per person . also the grocery store behind the hotel is great . there is a N-N not too far away . i don ' t know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel . yes , it ' s a big hotel . if you don ' t want a busy lobby , don ' t stay in a N , N plus room hotel ! ! i loved the hotel and would recommend it to anyone . not one problem . wasn ' t too busy for me . would stay here again in a heartbeat . 
this hotel allowed me to experience the best of chicago . the central downtown location was perfect for me and my boyfriend to come and go as we pleased , whether during the day or at night . it was a great get-away spot for me to relax away from work . probably one of the best beds i ' ve ever slept on . the italian food that they served at harry carey ' s reminded me of when i lived in italy . overall a completely amazing experience . i can ' t wait to book my next stay here . 
i read the reviews on trip advisor for this property which had it ranked as N in chicago . i got a king room overlooking michigan ave . the view was beautiful . the room was also impeccable . nice and bright , very fresh and modern . i find it very hard to fault any sofitel ' s . the service , attentiveness of staff , cleanliness and luxury are always top notch . location was great , head left from the lobby and you reach a bunch of european style cafe ' s and restaurants . straight ahead of the hotel on michigan ave is a shoppers paradise . a great place to stay , and much better value than park hyatt . i do find some of the charges in luxury hotels to be a bit crazy , such as for the internet . when you are paying top dollar , a few inclusions would be nice . 
hotel is placed in downtown chicago what makes it really loud , it is hard to sleep during the night because all the ' city ' noises coming from the outside . the rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures . i stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband , and we supposed to get room with king size bad , but instead we got , two single beds . the stuff isn ' t really very nice either , they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you . 
i had heard good things regarding the plush accomidations at the talbott hotel in chicago . i thought it would be a special treat to take my N year old daughter to spend a weekend with mom , shopping and enjoying a bit of chicago ' s exciting night life . i found the talbott hotel ' s website and decided the american girl package they offer was what i was looking for . the price sounded reasonable , so i booked a room . the two of us were so very excited to spend some time together . we arrived at the hotel to check-in at N N on that friday afternoon . after making us wait for N minutes while trying to find my reservation they informed me the room wouldn ' t be available for another hour . they blamed this on shortage of maids that day . they did manage to find us a table in one of their cafe ' s but this wasn ' t a good start to our special weekend . when we were finally allowed to go to our room we found that the doll-sized travel bed that is included in the package wasn ' t in the room . this disappointed my daughter , she was looking forward to that . while they did find a bed and bring it to us it just wasn ' t the surprise we had imagined . the rest of the weekend went by fairly smoothly . we managed to have a good time together even though the service wasn ' t quite what is claimed on the website . would i go to the talbott hotel again ? probably not . 
generally speaking , nothing bad about that place if there would not be the cleaning issue . we checked the closed with the mini bar ( picture uploaded ) , so much dust , nobody cleaned here for at least N years . we called in housekeeping , giving them the opportunity to check and do something about it . still the same situation when returning to the room N hrs . later . next day moved to a renovated room , much better but not N star clean at all . in addition , there was never a time when there was no waiting line at the reception , no wonder when just N N of the counters is actually open . please do something about these issues its ruining everything ! 
i absolutely loved staying at the swissotel chicago . the entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it . the room was absolutely stunning ! first of all , it was so spotless and clean . the design of it was beautiful ! there was gorgeous artwork on the walls even . the design was very modern and above average for hotel decor . there was a separate bath and separate shower which i loved ! there was a huge lcd flat screen tv and high speed wireless internet available . there was even an ipod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since i brought my ipod with me ! the view from the window of chicago was beautiful too . the service was very quick and everyone was very friendly . i didn ' t have any problems at all but if i did i ' m sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick i could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction ! there were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge ! i can ' t wait to go back to this hotel . it felt like i was on a luxurious vacation ! 
first , several day s prior to my stay , i called and spoke at length with the concierge and made a breakfast order for room-service saturday and sunday . saturday they didn ' t bring breakfast - and when i called room-service they stated they never got the advance order from the concierge . when they finally did bring it - they brought the wrong thing . . and then brought the wrong order again on sunday . i was further inconvenienced by in-room dining staff when we ordered room service saturday night . the food was limp and uninspired . further , i ordered soup - which arrived without a spoon . when i called in-room dining to request a spoon , i was told one would be forthcoming . N minutes later , a waiter arrived with a menu . when i explained i already had food and i didn ' t need a menu - i needed a spoon , he had the audacity to argue with me . i respectfully requested he return with a spoon and he agreed to do so . another N minutes ( and one bowl of cold soup ) later i decided to call in-room dining back to request ( again ) they send someone with a spoon . they too argued with me and expressed that they ' d already sent someone with a spoon . i explained that they had not - that i had received a menu i didn ' t request , but that no spoon was forthcoming . another N minutes later , a spoon finally arrived . thanks - for charging me N so that i could argue over cold , flavorless food . in addition to the gross customer service , surly attitude , and sorry food , i found the room woefully lacking . it reeked exhaust fumes so much so that on saturday night i woke up from the smell . further , i had specifically requested when i booked the reservation that you keep me away from the elevators . . . i was right next to the elevators and had the displeasure of listening to them ding all night long as other guests came and went . 
the sofitel chicago water tower in the downtown area is advertised as a four-star luxury hotel . however , modern architecture and a convenient location seem to be its only reliable perks . room service is available N hours a day , but offers a limited variety of items and often lethargic service . two bars are located on the premises , which is appealing at first . once inside , patrons do not receive the quality of service that is to be expected and there is a complete absence of privacy , of any kind . the guest rooms are relatively spacious and clean , but a lack of adequate toiletries and personal items can interfere with a guests routine . obtaining additional towels and grooming products is much too difficult . if you are a traveler who is in search of a relaxing and hassle-free experience , with reliable customer service , booking a room here is probably not a viable option . 
the location is amazing , right across from nordstrom ' s on michigan avenue . the hotel is beautiful and the rooms are clean . but . . . we are intercontinental ambassadors ( the rewards club ) and to get to the ambassador suite level , we have to ride a private ' express ' elevator . the elevator took three minutes to get to the thirtieth floor . when we checked in , the person behind the counter was rude and acted as if we were lucky to get checked-in . also , there was a language barrier becuase she was russian . the pool and spa were both beautiful , but we had to pay an extra fee because of ' upkeep ' . if you want a nice hotel all the way around . . . go to the omni . 
stay away ! after generations as an old-world , cozy and stately , if a bit tired oasis , the ae has been purchased by ian schrager and taken down so many notches it ' s almost not functional . allowing for the fact that the hotel is under renovation , the entrance is not handicapped accessible , and i saw several hotel guests with canes , casts , etc ( including myself , recovering from foot surgery and in a cast , with a cane ) struggling with the up and down outside stairs one has to navigate just to get into and out of the hotel . with luggage , it ' s almost impossible . this is simply inexcusable . i ' ve been a customer of the ambassador east for decades--but no more . the hallways are so dark one can barely see . the rooms are stark white , which in and of itself , isn ' t a particular problem , but it is jarring and almost painful as one ' s eyes adjust from the dark hallways . the furniture--stark and scant--looks like something from an ikea closeout . the bed is comfortable--what a relief--but only about N inches off of the floor , a real problem if you ' re at all physically challenged , or even elderly and less flexible than you were in your salad days . the problems don ' t end there . my room had a horribly uncomfortable wire metal desk chair , and absolutely nowhere else to sit . no arm chair , no demi-sofa , no ottoman . with a foot in a cast , it would have been nice to be able to sit comfortably , perhaps even with my leg elevated , while in the room . no way . the bathroom has absolutely nowhere to put any of your toiletries . not a shelf , a small table , a nook , or a medicine cabinet . if you want to put a razor , shaving cream , makeup ( for women ) or anything else down so that you can use them , you ' re sh t out of luck . repeated requests for a small table or some sort of chair went unmet . a borrowed umbrella from the front desk was broken and unusable , something i didn ' t discover until caught in an expected downpour . i was tempted to throw it out , but remembered that they would charge me for it if i didn ' t return it , in spite of its total lack of usefulness . refrigerator--forget it . shampoo ? for two days in a row , the housekeeper left several bottles of lotion , and no shampoo . room service--not available . if you want breakfast , the front desk will sell you a small , pre-wrapped , commercial grade muffin for N . N--something you can buy in any gas station for N . N . no added value whatsoever . the photos show a nice entrance , and a large lobby for which the ae has long been famous . unfortunately , that lobby is closed off , under construction , and the temporary lobby is on the second floor , difficult , again , for handicapped access . thermos-bottled coffee and water for tea were stone cold , at N in the morning . when confronted with these various misses , the front desk staff repeatedly shrugged their shoulders and said , ' yeah , we know , you ' re not the first to tell us this stuff . ' all this shows is that schrager doesn ' t even care to make an effort to make his guests comfortable , and that the staff is either too indifferent or too amateur to know the difference and even make an effort to get it right . it ' s one thing to get a good price on a hotel room when it ' s under renovation . it ' s another thing altogether to get screwed in the bargain , particularly after booking a non-refundable pre-paid reservation . again , avoid this hotel like the plague . 
a friend highly recommended this hotel and we couldn ' t have been happier ! it was wonderful my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel . the kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best . 
 while travelling for business i had my family join me and we stayed at the fairmont chicago , millennium park . it is breathtakingly beautiful and plush . the rates for rooms , though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities . the room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine ! guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee , access to high speed internet , bathrobes , and N inch flat screen televisions . enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the fairmont chicago , millennium park . 
wow ! i have been to many hotels as a business man , and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels . but wow , this hotel was great . the staff was prompt , the room was extremely clean , and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine . i was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things . usually i have to pay N for a stupid toothbrush , but not here ! i really enjoyed staying at intercontintental . i was very worried about the chicago area ' s reputation of bad hotels , but this turned out just great . next time my boss flies me out to chicago , i know where i am staying ! 
the james chicago hotel was one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed in . the only good thing about it was that it was located downtown , so i wasn ' t forced to stay in it any longer than i had to . the receptionist was rude and snobby , my room had dirty towels in it , and i found numerous small insects in my room . furthermore , the gym and spa were closed while i was there . nothing was done by management to accommodate me for these inconveniences . next time i will take my business elsewhere . 
all i can say is avoid this place at all costs . from the reservations assistant ( who took N minutes to book a room ) to check out ( they billed my card for N dollars ) and getting a refund ( numerous voicemails and emails no one returned my call ) . avoid avoid avoid a truely hideous experieince i will never stay at a starwood resort again , and given i stay in a hotel N or N days a week this is a big statement ! 
when we were stranded in chicago for two days since our flight home was canceled , our airline put us in touch with hotels . com who found us the room at the sheraton towers . after a long and frustrating day that ended up with us still in chicago , arriving at the sheraton was a joy . the entire staff was wonderful . the bell staff was great helping us ( finally ) let go of the heavy bags , jonathan at check in was very helpful and had us in a room which he upgraded for us in no time . we enjoyed the location and the facilities of this property during our unexpected stay and would highly recommend this location to others . we can ' t say enough about the staff . if we are in chicago in the future we will definitely return here ! 
got a great deal through hotwire for N a night but if i ever return to chicago i would definitely stay again , even at full price . we really liked the rooms muted modern decor , we had john lennon and bono for company . comfortable bed , mini coffe maker , plenty storage space and a lovely , clean bathroom stocked full of aveda products ( so i was sold straight away . . . it doesn ' t take much , i know ! ) . if you ' re a product junkie , tip the maid and request some extra bottles and you will leave with lots of goodies ) we liked the location and had a great view down n michigan ave , found the staff to be really friendly and relaxed ( reception , gift shop and bar ) . the bar area is very trendy , i liked the chilled atmosphere which surprised me cause i normally find these types of bars a bit too pretentious for my liking . . . the lack of memorabilia didn ' t bother me but i was more interested in the art deco features of the building itself anyway . the only fault was that the speakers in the room were crackling a bit oh , and my boyfriend thinks he was propositioned by a ' friendly lady looking for business ' when he was at the bar . i think it ' s a place you will either love or hate , if you like laid back , contemporary hotels without the intimidating factor then this is the place for you ! 
where do i start . the gm was a nice guy for handling the incident i had . anthony -the concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable . anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice . he set me up and quoted me a price of N , when i got to the spa ( which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon ) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was N with N off . at the end of the massage i gave the lady N and said thanks you can keep the change , she insisted that i got ' a hotel rate ' because anthony set me up . she called anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay anthony the difference - N . she then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which i declined . in short - shady dealings with this place . i was quite taken back . the gm selman comp ' d me a night but , i felt swindled big time . stay somewhere else . the concierge has something going on . . . 
we stayed in the amalfi in july N , Nth of july weekend . i was very apprehensive about leaving my diesel ford excursion with the valet at amalfi . it has a few modifications to the engine and can be damaged if not operated correctly . i explained the procedure to the valet drivers , and felt like it was a complete waste of time . when the vehicle was returned to me the valet driver did not let it idle down and cool the turbo off as i had instructed . when i tried to start it , it wasn ' t happy , but did finally start . i was so relieved to get it back i just wanted to leave . driving away i noticed that the top speed recorded on the gps was Nmph ! ! ! ( previous top speed was Nmph , done a few days earlier driving across south dakota ) . i could just picture the flying ferrari scene in ferris bueller ' s day off . i couldn ' t imagine where in the crowded chicago traffic they found a place to go that fast , though it wouldn ' t take long to make that happen ( see reference to modified engine above ) . a little while later we stopped for lunch and i noticed a dent in the front bumper . i contacted the hotel and was referred to their claims people . no remedy . lesson learned . brett 
what can i say . . . this used to be our favorite hotel in chicago because of its location , its historic and gorgeous pool , it amazing sunday brunch , it ' s relatively low price compared to comparable hotels , its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership . . . all of the above has fallen disappointingly by the wayside with a resounding thud . let ' s break it down location i ' ll concede that it ' s still great . get a corner room in the historic tower higher than the Nth floor with a view of michigan ave and or the river . its historic and gorgeous pool closed indefinitely ! when asked when it will re-open , the hotel staff actually said , ' maybe never . ' its amazing sunday brunch zest is gone , and his been replaced by a very dark michael jordan restaurant that takes up much of the lobby and second entrance . ( the lobby , by the way , used to be beautiful and open with lots of places to sit . also no longer . . . ) . the food is very bad . very . bad . there are so many restaurants in this city . do yourself a favor and go somewhere else to eat . its relatively low price compared to comparable hotels based on my review of everything else . go to the drake , or the peninsula . completely worth the extra money . . . that , or downgrade to the hilton and get what you expect and pay for . . . the intercontinental has fallen so low that you pay a higher price than the hilton , but you get a worse experience ! its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership i canceled our membership after this disaster . part of the membership includes early check-in ( granted , when available ) . . . but our room wasn ' t ready until Npm . this is obviously after normal check-in . the staff was overwhelmed , and not effective or helpful . i tried to speak with the manager about our room , waited in long line to speak with someone , only to be told that my husband needed to be with me because the membership was in his name . in a nutshell . go somewhere else . ps go to argo tea next door instead of the starbucks in the hotel . way better food and coffee . 
this is the hotel for the discriminating business traveler . it offers spacious rooms that are elegant and refined . with a cozy area complete with chairs and fireplace , they are the perfect place to entertain clients or discuss strategy for a business meeting with a colleague . the restaurant offers just the location to impress a perspective client . and all of this elegance and refinement in the heart of downtown chicago 
this has been one of the most pleasurable hotels ive ever stayed at . from the beautiful concourse to the amazing food , amalfi really exceeds its standards . the in-room spa service was so relaxing and the tang of the wine was incredible . i highly recommend this hotel as i will give my stay a N N stars . 
this was our second time staying here . we were very much looking forward to our weekend at the amalfi ( based on how well the first stay was ) . it turned out better than our anticipation . the beds are very comfortable . N headed showers with a large bathroom . the hotel is also pleasantly quiet and easy to check-in and out . our room was near the exercise room which helped motivate us to get in an hour morning workout . then we were able to grab some complimentary fruit , pastries , juice and coffee on our floor ( breakfast is on every floor ) . no great view from our room , but i don ' t think there are great views from most any room since it is only N floors . we didn ' t need to drive , take a cab or jump on the l the whole weekend since the hotel is centrally located . we easily walked to bars , blues clubs , restaurants , the hancock tower , the loop and the waterfront all from our hotel . the highlight of the hotel was the complimentary happy hour . free top-shelf drinks and wonderful meats , cheeses , peppers , and breads . this ran from N N to N N , and was a great warm-up to a nice dinner . this alone saved us a bundle in money that would of been spent eating and drinking out in the evening . and an extra money-saving tip . . . park at the self-park lot N blocks west of the hotel on kinzie . its N per night during the week and only N per night on the weekends . i think the hotel charges N to N per night to park . 
i stayed at the intercontinental during the last weekend in september for a ' pleasure trip ' -- the intercontinental was in a great location and the staff was excellent . the room was clean and comfortable -- and came equipped with a new lg flat panel tv . had breakfast at zest ( hotel restaurant ) -- a bit pricey but decent if you want a buffet . the hotel is in walking distance to millenium park , museums and the aquarium . there is also a lot of shopping - window shopping is best though , considering the sales tax is N . N ! ( and possibly raising to N ) great stay . i highly recommend it and would stay there again . 
i recently stayed at the fairmont chicago and found it to be a fantastic hotel . staff was always courteous and helpful - from the front desk staff at check-in to wait staff in aria restaurant , to the maid who cleaned my room . the rooms were recently updated , with large flat-screen tv ' s , beautiful linens , and exceptional toiletries in each room . my room even had a view of monroe st . harbor . it is truly a first-rate hotel . location is south of the river and east of michigan ave -- as we normally stay north of the river it seems a little out of the way ( if that ' s possible in downtown chicago ) , however its location significantly lowers street noise . the hotel has excellent access to millennium park , the aon center ( there is a connecting concourse ) , and is about N blocks from shopping on north michigan ave . i ate dinner in aria and it was fantastic ! room service for breakfast was quite good as well . overall , i ' d stay again in a minute if i had business in the loop , or leisure plans in millennium or grant parks . 
the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel was supposed to be our romantic get away and it turned into a nightmare ! when we got there our room wasn ' t done ! we were not offered anything to do , drink or eat in the meantime and we had to wait well over the N minutes that they said it would be finished . the clerk at the front desk twas texting on her cell phone ! how rude ! we were totally on time and the manager said that they would take care of the issue and upgrade our room but it was not done . and after waiting that long for the room , can you believe it ? there was a dirty towel in the bathroom . the television didn ' t work , we had to wait on a repair guy to fix it . plus , the hotel failed to mention there was a convention that was going on and the spa was under repair . i ' m so mad i ' m writing the owners and letting them know ! this really made me mad . we haven ' t taken a vacation in years and i was expecting the fairmont to be luxurious and cater to our needs . even the concierge snickered at my boots , so what , i like to wear doc martens ! it makes me mad even thinking about the fairmont . at least my time in chicago was enjoyable even though our hotel was more than lame . 
this hotel is absolutely amazing . i have paid to stay in hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return . however , here it ' s comfortable , friendly , and a vacation . in fact , all vacations start with your lodging , and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging ? the beds are comfortable , clean , and upscale , while still being homey enough to be relaxed . the services and staff are tops , and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous ! and i must commend the cleanliness ! nice place to stay , and worth every penny ! will definitely be coming back ! 
first room ' s heating system sounded like we had a generator in our room . second room had stool in the toilet and a smear on the linens ( which we didn ' t notice until morning-eeewwhh ! ) . the computer , scale and ink pen didn ' t work . the maintainance man took N mins to come unplug the toilet and dripped to toilet water through bathroom and on carpet . this room was quiet and the bed pillows comfortable . the bath was large and water warm . 
we chose to stay at the hilton chicago because it was in such a centralized location- everything that our family wanted to do in town was located so close ! what i didn ' t expect was for the beds to be so comfortable . i can ' t remember when i got a better night ' s sleep . the staff was very friendly and the hotel grounds were impeccably kept . we ' ll be returning to the hilton chicago the next time we ' re in town ! 
stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower for N nights in early april N . very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the golden mile . good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice french twist . dinner at the restaurant was also good . prices are reasonable . room is comfortable , only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening . excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff . would definitely stay here again if visiting chicago . concierge recommended a small van tour , which was excellent . however early april is too early to visit chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of chicago was not operating yet . 
the room was dingy and run down - it felt like staying in a cheap motel . the carpet was exceptionally worn , wallpaper peeling , bathroom grout dingy . the place felt like it hadn ' t been redecorated in N years . on top of that , the windows would not open ( not unusual for a hig-rise hotel ) , and there was no air fan for ac or heat - how the temp control was supposed to work , i have no idea ( they said ' radient cooling ' whatever that is ) , but we had to call down to the front desk and ask for a floor fan to cool the room and have some air circulation . we even went so far as to prop the door open and put the fan in the fan in the door while we were in the room to not feel suffocated . so much for privacy . i can ' t comment on the food , because we ate out at every chance . chicago has some fantastic food ! and much of it within easy distance to the hotel . the hotel is in a good location , near the waterfront and millenium park , shopping and dining . the conference facilities were average , but frustrating because they were in the basement and cell phone reception was non-existent . i will never stay in this hotel again , especially for the price , because of the poor room quality . 
stayed for N nights at the james , wonderful location N mins walk to michigan avenue with all the shops . staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly . nothing was too much trouble . rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable i have slept in . room was very clean , had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a Nin flat screen tv . there was a bar area with stereo , mini bar and coffee maker . there was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area . bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo , conditioner , shower gel and body lotion . hotel is also ' pet friendly ' . there was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel ! ! ! . pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu . 
beautiful hotel in chicago . i visited this hotel on my honeymoon with my wife . they are pet friendly and even provide in room spa services . i would recommend hotel monaco if you are looking to stay in a luxury hotel in chicago . 
it is always interesting going to a high quality hotel . i cannot help but think about the service and the value . maybe i have too high expectations . certaintly the location is great and the swimming pool is really nice and the room was generally well appointed oh and the bed was great . but , the room was not well cleaned , a little smelly truthfully and they stole a watch that i left in the room . the hotel where immediately worried about there financial situation and not the service . i noticed here others on this site have lost stuff from this hotel . i know that this is always a possibility but really did not expect it at a hotel like this . overall , chicago exceeded my expectations but the intercontinental did not . stay else where . 
my husband and i stay at the amalfi every year for our anniversary . we just love it ! the service is wonderful and the staff is very friendly . the hotel has very good cuisine options , which are all very tasty ! the hotel is in close proximity to downtown and all the fun things going on there . the rooms are very comfortable and quiet . perfect for relaxing ! will definitely keep coming back ! 
my wife and i just spent a long weekend at the hardrock chicago hotel , and although i am not one to normally write long email , i felt it necessary to bring some of the disappointing experiences from our recent syat ( N N to N N ) to your attention . issues included our friends ordered chocolate covered strawberries to be delivered to our room upon arriving on N N and we never got them . our friends later ( on N N ) asked us if we had received the strawberries , and we responded no . they then brought this to the attention of the hotel and we were pleasantly surprised to have received a complimentary bottle of champagne . we were then disappointed again , upon checking out , however , when we were accidentally billed for the ' complimentary ' champagne - which was later subtracted from our bill . the in-room dvd player didn ' t work . it was approximately N pm on N N when we called the front desk for help with trouble-shooting the issue . the person responded friendly that ' al , the engineer , will be calling you back shortly ' to help . N minutes later there was a knock on the door , and it was al . a great and friendly guy , but we were waiting for a call back , not the arrival of a service tech - keep in mind it was late and we were already in bed . when al was not able to fix the dvd player , he graciously told us ' order a movie on us ' - thru the in-house movie selection . the problem that didn ' t work either . again , al was awesome , and called the service provider , but they weren ' t able to fix it until after midnight . finally , after midnight al called us back , but by then the ' movie watching ' mood had sort of passed . i ended up watching the film ' hitman ' alone as my wife had already gone to sleep . the thermostat in our room didn ' t work , regardless of the temperature we set it to ( set to N degrees - actual temperature N degrees ) . we had so many other unresolved issues that we didn ' t feel it necessary to voice any more . . . . read more 
my stay at the james hotel in chicago was fantastic ! the hotel was clean , modern and everything i had hoped for . the staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations . all of our needs were more than met and i will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates . 
we ate at the prime house restaurant last year , that is why we picked the hotel . last year the food and service at the prime house was outstanding . this year the service felt rushed . the waitress even asked why we were eating so early . it was N Npm . our room in the hotel felt cramped . the beds were comfortable . the bathroom had maintenance problems . the maid service and turndown out night was good . all of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful . i just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying . 
the hilton chicago was amazing ! ! it is close to almost everything that chicago has to offer ! we could walk to lake michigan , grant park , niketown , watertower place , etc . the rooms were very nice and refreshed every day . also , they allow pets ! ! you don ' t have to go far to get good food because they have a few different restaurants right there ! overall experience was an a . 
i selected the talbott for my recent family vacation to chicago . we chose the hotel for it ' s close proximity to navy pier and otherwise central location . in retrospect , the phrase ' location , location , location ' apparently does not apply to hotels . it ' s a good thing the location was so great , because just about everything that happened inside the hotel was bad . upon our arrival , our room was not ready . the clerk could have been nicer about the whole situation , and told us simply that ' we would have to wait ' without offering any sort of help with our luggage or a timetable for when our room would be ready . when we finally arrived in the room , the sheets were not clean . a call to housekeeping proved difficult , as i do not speak spanish . the second day of our trip , housekeeping never showed to clean the room despite the presence of our ' please service ' sign hung on the door . we stayed in for some room service after a long afternoon on michigan ave . when the food finally arrived a full hour after placing our order , it was cold and not very good . despite these poor impressions , the management was unwilling to compromise on price at checkout . my call to corporate headquarters was answered by a call center in mumbai . they will not receive my business again . 
excellent hotel ! rooms and service were great . a great value ! i have been to places that are not as good for nearly twice the price . good location . close to the l and short walk to rental car service . restaurants in the area a bit of a disappointment , but the shopping was great . area recommendations great theatre , restaurants , museums and shopping . 
i checked into this hotel , rm N on N N N . next day , i woke up with bed bug bites , numerous , on my arm and back . we reported this to the management who assiged us to rm N and promised to get the room inspected and ' taken care of ' . i insisted that they get all my clothes laundered , which they did . interestingly , no one from the management , other than the security guy who came when we first complained , even offered any apology for the inconvience . i missed couple of meetings that day . the next day , i called as i forgot something in the previous room , only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest . so much for reporting ! 
a very nice hotel with small but adequate rooms . the decor was lovely . my daughter and i spent N-nights here , saw wicked just down the street and used the public transportation to get all around town . was a bit disappointed with the bar restaurant which opened and closed it ' s kitchen at will without regard to posted hours . the room description boasted of safe ' s large enough to accomodate a laptop , so i brought mine . i was informed after check-in that the safes are not in every room ( and not in mine ) . as a side note , i was surprised that nearly all the shops many restaurants closed at Npm in that area . . . even the N-N . 
first of all , expedia . com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when i arrived at the hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered . the hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk . i had to wait in line for another N minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word ! ! i was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the hotel . when we went to leave the gate would not open . we had to find the parking garage office and the manager had to call several times over to the hotel until finally someone picked up . they confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure . the hotel itself is beautiful ! ! ! the bell hops and doormen were just wonderful . they were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all ! ! ! ! 
we arrived at the omni on Nnd september for a N day stay . i took ill when i left the plane after travelling from manchester so i saw more of the room than i anticipated . i couldn ' t go out for N days . the room was spacious and clean . the bed was extremely comfortable . the bathroom was large and very clean . what more could you ask . we had coffee and juice left outside our door every morning at the time we requested . i managed to go to the Nth floor to see the sun terrace ( outside the gym ) having a sun terrace in a city hotel is a great idea but the terrace was a bit grim . a few sunbeds on a concrete floor . there was also noise from an air conditioning unit . it could do with a bit of cheering up . what i saw of chicago was very pleasing , it has something for everyone . would i go back to the omni ? yes i would . 
i recently returned from a trip to chicago with my husband and baby and another couple and their baby . while the room at the hotel was quite nice we had a very negative experience with the front desk staff including managers . when we arrived it took over an hour to check in . we had requested two rooms on the same floor , which the hotel staff had confirmed a number of times prior to our arrival . when we arrived they could not accommodate us and offered nothing to us to make up for it . eventually after we persisted they gave us half off for our room for one of the three nights we were there . we also asked the concierge to make us a reservation for brunch at a restaurant that would accommodate N adults and two babies in strollers . when we got to the restaurant they had only a reservation for N adults and had to make special arrangements to fit the babies in . we also had asked the hotel to make us an appointment for a personal shopper at bloomingdales in order for us to save time shopping . we filled out forms in advance to direct the shopper and when we arrived for our appointment bloomingdales advised us that they had only received the applications moments before and had not pulled together our requests . after complaining again to the manager at the hotel of these disappointments she advised that she would send something up to our room to compensate . this ' something ' never arrived . we will not be making a return visit to this hotel . while the housekeeping staff , location and room were quite nice the over all experience was very negative . 
we stayed at the ritz carlton two weeks prior , and in comparison the sofitel does not come close . with the deal the ritz carlton is putting on right now , stay two nights . . . get one free , choose the nicer option ! pros room service quick ! N minutes tops . bathroom large bathroom with a separate shower and tub . lobby very impressive , and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you . location close to the train station and mi ave . cons no top sheet ! we asked the others at the conference , they confirmed . . . there is no top sheet . you just sleep with the duvet cover over you . room -small , and not a fan of the modern decor . -broken closet door , the bottom track was bent . by the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so i could get to my things . -barely any storage closet was teeny tiny anyways , almost no bigger than a tall locker , only the top drawers of the nightstands open . -shower horrible water pressure . -the cleaning staff did not replace shampoo , soap , etc . had to call the front desk , and they delivered within N mins . -the cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there , realized this as i still noticed a stain we made the first night . i made sure not to leave the ' save the water ' card out . they changed our towels , but not the bedding ? ? ? -our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter , and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day . -they charge for wi-fi ! -you can change the settings on the tv . . . brightness , etc . 
we stay at the palmer house when we attend conferences in chicago . it is a stately building . but this year , there were . . . problems we have not had before . first , they now have wi-fi available , but it is not free . the cost is N . N per hour . on-line it indicated that hilton hotels charge about N , but this was almost double . many hotels have free wi-fi . wi-fi is wi-fi , so the level of service is not a factor that could justify this exorbitant cost . they also charge for their fitness center , even when you are only going to use the machines . there is no business center in-house for copies , etc . our bed was against a wall that separated us from the bathroom in the next room . it did not separate us from the bathroom noises . when someone took a shower ( at N N a . m . ) , the pipes ' sung ' like old pipes do , but very loudly . an empty wine glass sat outside someone ' s room door for days without being picked up by housekeeping . the concierge desk had only one person and there was always a line . if you called down , you were put on hold while they dealt with the people in the line . the staff were all very nice , and the location can ' t be beat , but the luxury prices for normal services felt like a ripoff this year . i doubt we ' ll return . . . . 
the conrad hotel is a beautiful hotel . our room was perfect and beautiful in every way . i was very impressed ( and i am hard to please and have high standards ) . it was so clean , aesthetically pleasing , up to date , just gorgeous ! i would definitely stay there again . i loved it . the location is superb too , attached to nordstrom and northbridge mall . can ' t wait to go back ! 
over-hyped and over-priced . the fact that they have a complimentary wine reception every night at N doesnt take away from the fact that they have terrible beds and the place isnt as clean as it should be for a N star hotel . the hallways smelled like a dog parlor and the carpets in my room look like they hadn ' t been cleaned . . . well , ever . the decorative pillows on my bed were so filthy they were actually stained brown and looked like they had been sitting outside for everyone to use and then put back on my bed . the decor of the hotel was nice and eclectic but it wasnt enough to convince me to ever stay here again . the bed was the most uncomfortable thing i have every tried to sleep on . i couldnt sleep the whole week that i stayed there . it was hard and lumpy and the pillows were tiny . my final say is that it is an over priced holiday inn . . . . . 
the hard rock hotel chicago has become my favorite hotel . i ' ve stayed there at least N times now and have never had anything other than a wonderful experience . as you might have guessed - it has a super rock roll theme , with some music paraphanelia in the lobby and on each floor ' s elevator lobby . the rooms all have large photo murals that are themed to different musicians . you can request being on the floor of your favorite band ( like kiss , aerosmith , etc . . . ) the rooms are great . well appointed . super comfortable beds and luxurious sheets and wonderous pillows . the large tv has a cool sound system that ramps up the viewing experience . there ' s a spacious desk in each room with a mini bar . i ' ve always had a room with big windows and a view down michigan ave ( the hotel sits right on michigan - a block from the canal ) . the bathrooms are furnished with absolutely great fixtures sporting a great design . . . some of the showers have windows in side of them ( you can shower and enjoy the view down michigan ! ) or close the waterproof drapes . i ' ve never had anything but a great experience with the staff here . . . front desk , doorman , etc are all great . there ' s a lobby bar that still feels intimate and has nice energy . big screen tv to catch the latest scores , too . of course , rock roll music pumps thru the place . you can stay at a ' plain ' hotel anywhere . . . but this is a great , well designed , fun and memorable hotel that you ' ll want to return back to . if i had one concern - it would be the rather crazy charge for parking your car overnight . my daily car parking rate was close to N per night , which i ' m sorry to say is about the going rate in the loop . stay here . be cool . 
we stayed at the swissotel for our Nth anniversary . we got a corner room with both a lake and city view . the room was very clean and spacious . the staff was extremely friendly and helpful . we asked for late checkout , and was told no problem . if you bring your car , park in millinum parking it is just N blocks away . the cost there is N . N compared to the swissotel which is N . N . 
the hard rock should stick to restaurants . after a recent stay at the hard rock hotel in chicago i think they should go back to what there good at . besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready ( this is after my check in time ) , the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that i was being delayed . after seeing the state the room was in i still do not understand what took so long . the sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed . the bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it ( i will leave out the details ) . complaining didn ' t seem to get me anywhere , they offered me a small discount at the hotel ' s bar . after this experience i will be more likely to book at a motel N then return to the hard rock . 
if you want to stay in a fabulous hotel in the city and you ' re willing to pay a little extra , i ' d recommend this place . also , pay the extra for a corner room - the views of the city are spectacular . a short walk to michigan avenue . excellent service from the valets , concierge , lobby agents , and waitstaff in the restaurants . the food in the restaurants was great and room service wasn ' t too shabby either . well worth the money ! 
my girlfriends and i stayed N nights at the talbott returning home on saturday N N . we all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel . the staff from top to bottom were excellent , accommodating . the room was roomy . . . with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town . the construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk , but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty . the doorman , andrew was an excellent source at this hotel . he arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants . we enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city . the hotel was expensive but met expectations . 
i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in chicago . although i visit this fun city quite often , i was somewhat disappointed with the service and noise in a hotel that is called ' luxury boutique ' . to begin with , our ' experience designer ' was somewhat put-offish and cool . she did not really have a grasp of all the wonderful things to do in chicago . although she did look up some attractions , it seems like she may have recently arrived from la . as far as the room , it was indeed luxury and had nice lighting and decoration . however , the noise from the adjoining room was unbelievable and kept us up all night . most likely , the walls are very thin , and construction is not the greatest . who wants to hear the neighbors , especially when they are honeymooners or whatever ! so we probably will not stay there again . the location is great , the cocktails fine , the luxury is there , but other than that , it is the pits . weary traveler , san francisco 
the hyatt regency in chicago was a wonderful experience for my husband and i as we traveled through the area on vacation . after checking in we simply relaxed in the beautiful atrium for a while before going to our room . to our delight the room was very clean , ultra-modern and furnished with sleek and comfortable furniture . what really impressed us about the room was how spacious it was and the stunning river front views . we were pressed for time to make dinner so decided the bistro sounded like the best option and it turned out to be a great choice ! the food was simply fabulous . after dinner we were able to try out the fitness center , which ended up making our gym at home seem inadequate . this was just what we needed as a restful base for our chicago vacation and we will definitely stay here again . 
chicago has many wonderful luxury hotels for tourists and business travelers . when visiting the windy city , however , the conrad hotel and resort is one to avoid . while the description promises clean accommodations , luxury amenities , and ' deep soaking tubs , ' in relity , the rooms fall short of expectations . i opened the door to my suite to find a musty smell in the room similar to that of an old neglected closet . a bit disappointed , i decided to ignore this fact . hoping to take a nice long soak after my travels , i made my way to the bathroom . while i did find a large , deep bathtub , there was a hard water stain giving it a dingy look . hardly what i expected for the price i paid for the accommodations . in the corner of the bathroom , i found a reminder of a pevious guest , a clump of blond hair . the maid service seemed to be lacking . not to be deterred from enjoying my stay , i decided to watch television on the N inch flat screen i had been promised . unfortunately , the battery to the remote control was dead . i called the front desk , at my wits ' end , to complain about the issues , but was greeted by a desk clerk with a very sassy attitude who seemed to doubt my every word . overall , i would definitely not recommend the conrad hotel and resort in chicago . my room was dirty , the staff was unfriendly , and the ammenities were few and far between . on my next stay in chicago , i will definitely stay elsewhere . 
we needed an extra night in chicago after a gratus stay at the penninsula and won a skyauction bid for the james N . this is one of the nicest hotels that i ' ve ever stayed in . bathroom aside , we felt it equalled the penninsula in comfort and level of service . i echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime i ' m in town . 
upon entering the hotel monaco chicago , i could see the beauty of a classically elegant building . the old fashioned furnishings , the wonderful view , and the polished wood decorating the entore hotel . at first i had been skeptical , but any doubts i had carried into the hotel were gone . as i entered my room , the fresh flowers and the amazing chicago view greeted me . during my stay i enjoyed my free time lounging by the pool , winding down every night with a comforting massage . i would recommend this hotel not only for the pure elegance , but for the wonderful customer service and the fantastic amenities . 
my recent stay at the talbott hotel in chicago was miserable . my visit began on the wrong foot when they couldn ' t locate my reservation . i had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they couldn ' t find me ' in the system ' . we finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over . that process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations . the room that i had originally reserved ( king ) was not available and i had to wait N minutes for them to clean a double room . i was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that i decided to stay in and order room service . it took an hour and a half for my food to arrive . when finally delivered , it was cold and not exactly how i had ordered it . so now i am cranky , tired and starving ! i ate what i could from the mini bar ( poor selection of items ) and went to bed . the room was spacious but had a stale smell to it , as if someone had smoked in it . the next morning i complained and wanted to change rooms . the woman at the front desk couldn ' t be bothered with me and didn ' t try to make things right in any way . i decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in chicago . i will never waste my time or money at the talbott again . 
i recently stayed at the hotel allegro chicago with my wife . i was on business but i thought i ' d take her so we could see the city as well . chicago was great , the allegro . . . not so much . i mean it looked nice , great lobby and all . the service wasn ' t so great though . the clerk was a younger girl who seemed a bit rude . like we were bothering her and interrupting her day by wanting to book a weekend . the bell hop took our bags to our room , none to gently . my wife and i watched as he threw our luggage on the floor in our room . which wasn ' t that bad till he actually asked for a tip ! our room was okay . the bed was sort of rough and made a odd plastic rubbing noise every time you moved . the next day my wife went out and returned to find our room wasn ' t cleaned . our trip to the chicago had it ' s nice moments , all outside the hotel . the hotel allegro seemed like they spent too much on the appearance and neglected to staff it better . i won ' t stay there again . 
good location and looks like a good property but did not seem to be managed well . front desk staff was inattentive to customers and slow . nice large suite for a room but plumbing fixtures were in disrepair ( housekeeping staff could should have reported each day ) - partially clogged shower head , dripping sink , etc . clean and ok , but neglected - we expected more from an intercontinental hotel . many hotels to choose from in this area of chicago - can get more for the price from almost any other . 
seriously overpriced the room was clean and comfortable but did not stand out from any other mid priced hotel . the ' amenities ' were a smoke screen , nothing was offered that you would not get at a much lesser quality motel but they did not have the basics that you would expect from a holiday inn . i would gladly have forgone the scale in the bathroom for a cup of hot coffee that i did not have to get dressed and go down to the lobby to purchase . being charged N day for internet on top of a N night rate was a bit over the top . the bathroom was not well lit which was inconvenient . the shower was a nice size with a fantastic over-sized shower head , unfortunately twice the water pressure was low so the effect was lost . the staff were friendly and helpful , actually the best part of the stay were the staff . all in all i found it overpriced for the quality of the room . 
my experience as fairmont chicago millennium park was horrible . me and my wife were on a road trip from new york and stopped had reservations for fairmont chicago millennium park hotel . we arrived at N N am and they did not have a non-smoking room available for which we booked ! my wife was pregnant at the time and the reception staff had no sympathy . my wife couldn ' t handle the smell of the room so i asked for a refund to go stay somewhere else . they refused and were very rude and unhelpful . we had to stay the night , and the first thing next morning we did was leave and look for a different hotel . i will never stay at this hotel again . 
in the N degree heat of a chicago summer , it sucks if your air conditioner does not work . after N maintenance men attempted to rectify the issue i was offered a portable fan which on low speed sound as if a helicopter was hoovering over my room . i requested a room change and a not so polite , unsympathetic night front desk attendant stated that was not possible because the hotel was at capacity . maybe a manager could help me in the morning . the next day went by and no call was received . at Npm , i called the front desk . no one was aware of my problem . approximately N minutes later , a manager returned my call and stated a double room was available . i accepted it was glee . anything was better than a room that does not cool below N degrees in the middle of summer . i was paritally correct . the bathroom door of the new room did not close . thank god my boyfriend and i are past the shy part of the relationship . as for room N , i believe i was not the first guest to complain about the air conditioner . what ' s unfortunate is they continued to place guests into this room . and did not offer any reufunds or perks for my sleepless night in the sauna ! this hotel need a major overhaul ! ! 
the palmer house hilton hotel takes luxury to a whole new level of existence . the rooms are beautifully decorated , with class and superior quality furniture . the hotels restaurant ' lockwood ' consist ' s of delicious french and italian cuisine . the location is in the prime area to downtown , and shopping areas . this hotel is suited for pristine guests , and those who are not willing to settle for less . if you ' re looking for not just any stay , but a stay in luxury , you should give the palmer house hilton a try . it is one of the best of the best in chicago , and your stay will be one to remember . 
i will never use ambassador east hotel again . the first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting . the exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair . the customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room . in this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room . i felt rushed out at check out and didn ' t have an enjoyable experience at all . 
while i had stayed in the hotel monaco before , this was my husband ' s first trip to chicago and i insisted we stay here as i loved it the first time . well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful . the warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing . unfortunately we missed the wine hour . one thing that realy impressed me is that b c of flight delays we got to chicago a day late -- hotel monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation . 
they allowed parties to go on all night and booked us in a room with no running water . we called security twice for them to do nothing about the party . when they finally came up about N people filed out of that room only to file right back in after about N minutes . when we called back nothing was done about it . my N year old son was awaken by all the loud music and cursing . then we get up the next morning at N N to get ready only to find that we have no running water . after the maintenance man piddles around with it for a half hour we have no time to shower and have to ride the two hour train ride dirty and tired from no sleep . they did not resolve this issue . they just keep passing my complaint to ' managers ' supposedly . it was the worst stay of my life and my poor two year old had to be there for it 
the hard rock hotel in chicago has it all location , comfort , and rockability ! we stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago recently and found it to be amazing ! the location was perfect as it is walking distance to the magnificent mile , navy pier , and lake michigan . it was just a short ride by bus or cab to the sports stadiums , shedd aquarium or the museum of science and industry ! the food , although it was pricey , was great ! there is a spa on site if you need a little time to relax and recoup after all that rockin ' , and if you have pets , they get the royal treatment , complete with gifts ! i would highly recommend the hard rock hotel of chicago ! 
i stayed at the hyatt for a two nights on a business trip . my room was oddly shaped to give a stunning view of the river and nbc building . both the room and the bathroom were spotless and the room had an air purifier which ran silently . the hotel was well staffed with individuals who were knowledgeable about both the hotel and the surrounding area . i would not hesitate to stay here again and plan to return with my wife for a weekend . 
i ' m sitting in the hotel as i right this review and am not impressed with the room . the hotel is not modern in the least - it feels like you ' re staying in your grandmother ' s attic . wallpaper is peeling off the wall , not well lit , very few outlets in the room -- especially convenient ones ( none next to the bed or built into lamps ) , terrible views and loud construction noises woke me up at Nam . even the location is off the beaten path - closest l stop is on the red line -- so not accessible via the loop stops on the blue line from the airport without transferring . health club is not on site either . there are hundreds of other hotels i would stay in over this one . 
the good location views decor room service friendly staff the bad shower curtain in replacement room was too short and leaked bed was just ok the ugly had to pack our bags again and change rooms after loud noises from the elevator kept us up . i am a heavy sleeper but even with my white noise app cranked on the hotel ' s ipod dock it was still loud enough to keep me up . also our toilet leaked into a puddle by the shower . the staff did however provide a replacement room although not immediately . also , they mentioned that they had aready been aware of the noise problem with that room from past customers . 
just returned from a week in chicago with the family . this hotel was perfect for us . location is great , kids loved the pool as a place to wind down after a day of museums , touring , ball games , etc . we checked in through hilton honors desk as opposed to the regular check in line . even though our reservations were through priceline at a reduced rate , they gave us a pick of the the rooms . the room had a large closet which helped with the amount of gear we had with us . used valet parking which was hasselfree . we had a great experience and would stay there again . 
this hotel was not worth it . from the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out , the staff were rude and contemptuous . rooms were only serviceable , and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website . the bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient . the ' fitness centre ' was tiny and poor . we would not come here again . 
this hotel was not at all what i expected it would be . the website and it ' s pictures portray the hotel in a much better condition than it is actually in . the amenities were not what i was looking for , and the price of the hotel was not a good value for what was offered there . my aaa membership did not get me a very good discount like it does at most hotels . the staff was not very friendly or helpful when i had questions about the area , and they were not very prompt when responding to requests . i understand that there were a lot of guests staying there while i was there , but they need to have more staff on hand if they cannot provide their hotel guests with quality service . i don ' t think i will be staying at this hotel again anytime soon . 
my wife and i went to chicago to enjoy our weekend and stayed at hyatt regency . ' hyatt regency chicago ' has ruined our family holiday weekend . first of all , if you are not a diamond or platinum member , you need to reserve the room atleast N-N days in advance . you have to pay extra N for the welcome credit option . they will give you a credit of N for the N days . we only used N and the rest was forefeited . i talked to the manager and he said we can ' t use it on our next visit . the management of the hotel is full of cheap minded people . when you know most of the hotels let you use their wi-fi for free , hyatt regency management asked us to pay for using their wi-fi . beware of this place , if you want to enjoy your weekend in chicago , hyatt regency should be the last place you should consider staying . thanks sam . 
i booked my reservations at the talbott hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service . what i actually got was far less than that . when i first arrived to check in , the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored . it took her over N minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system ! and i won ' t go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set ! when i finally got to my room , the first thing i noticed was that it smelled stale . the air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room , without any fresh air , for years . i soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak , as well , and every time you flushed the toilet , water would trickle out from the base onto the floor . talk about concerning . i reported this to the desk , and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it . no one showed up until the next day , and very early in the morning , i might add . later , i called room service and asked for a bottle of wine . it took them half an hour to deliver it to my room ! and it wasn ' t even chilled by the time it showed up , either it was lukewarm . overall , my experience here was not very pleasant , and i don ' t recommend booking with this hotel . 
my in-laws booked a one night stay for new years eve for the two of us to stay at the james . to be brief there were a few things wrong with our stay which will prevent us from returning and advising our friends not to stay there . N ) shoddy construction of room fixtures ceiling light was missing leaving a fist-sized hole with wires exposed , both towel racks fell off the wall without being touched , and bathroom door often came off it ' s sliding mechanism with gentle use . N ) when we reported these problems , employees simply put the towel racks back on the wall without properly adhering them to the wall . N ) upon check-out , they did not have record of my in-laws paying for our stay , though it was noted on our reservation that they had made it for us . we had to pay for our ( N ) gift and the in-laws were extremely upset . when we wrote a letter to management ( as a manager was not available to speak with us when we left ) we did not receive an adequate apology . 
just what i needed at james i can ' t tell you how impressed i was with my stay at the james chicago hotel . i came into town for a week long business conference and was referred to the james by a friend . the crisp , clean , contemporary ambiance made me feel like i was on a relaxed vacation rather than work . it was luxury without being over the top . my room was clean , comfortable and was above all standards comfortable . in my down time i enjoyed a relaxing massage at the spa and happy hour at the ' jbar ' , and i highly recommend dinner at the ' david burke primehouse ' the customer service from all the staff members , from front desk , to house keeping to the bartender was excellent . i plan on returning on my spring vist and look forward to another phenomenal experience . 
what a disappointment this hotel was . first , the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in . when we finally got up to our room , we opened the door and found someone else was already in it ! yes , the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else ' s room . we went back to the clerk who checked us in ( skipping the still present line , which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting ) and told him the problem . however , he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us . he did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do . this took a very long time . it was a good N-N minutes until he came back . he said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view . the hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these , but when we got to this new room , we found out why these rooms hadn ' t been taken . the room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel . we briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel , but it was late already so we just decided to make do . that was , of course , until the garbage truck came around Nam and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down . then somewhere around N Nam the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise . so much for a good night ' s sleep . i suppose i should say the room itself looked nice , but with all the noise from the loading dock , who cares . we gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel . definitely not going back here ever again . 
this was a refreshing change from the ordinary . i loved the location , the service and the amenities offered by this hotel . the room was charming with a window seat and a water view . the decor was unique but cheerful . free wireless internet services were a plus here . the staff was helpful and attentive . we loved having goldfish share our room ! i would definitely stay here again . 
my husband and i stayed at the james chicago hotel for our anniversary . this place is fantastic ! we knew as soon as we arrived we made the right choice ! the rooms are beautiful and the staff very attentive and wonderful ! ! the area of the hotel is great , since i love to shop i couldn ' t ask for more ! ! we will definatly be back to chicago and we will for sure be back to the james chicago . betsy m , louisville , ky 
my wife and i stayed here last weekend . it was our honeymoon and it was wonderful . this hotel was so beautiful inside and out . we were more than pleased with our room and the resturant was amazing . all of the staff here were very nice and polite . they helped us with any of our needs . i wish i could live in this place . all together it was one of the best weekends of our lives . we plan on coming back again . great hotel ! 
conrad chicago it was N N am my plan just flew in and i was tired i checked myself into the confad chicago when i first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but i got my room in the Nth level of then as i dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand i entered it then that ' s where i started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small ac heater unit and it was good . then out of no where ting i made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel i found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob i was living in paradise after i got into my room it was a perfect ! the room was a perfect N degrees . i was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was . . . perfect ! and it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when i didn ' t think it could get any better i look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold ! the water actually has a good taste to it like grapes i was so shocked i fell uncontentious i was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then i woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there ! i when t back up into my floor and guess what i say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge olympic sized swimming pool it was great . i got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all i don ' t think i can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much . then came dinner time perfect . i must say i am extremely satisfied with my visit ! time to fly back to where i cam from and then my plan took off i ' m going to miss that hotel N N ! 
 ' classy ' , ' decent ' and ' serene ' . these words clearly define the totality of my stay at the talbott hotel in the heart of chicago . the hustle and bustle of the city did little to affect the conducive atmosphere for relaxation provided by this posh hotel . the lounge was so welcoming and flashes of smiles from every angle . the staff from the bell-boy to the managers were polite , helpful and responsive to my needs . the room service was classy and to cap it all the beds were just as comfortable as back home , making the talbott a home away from home . my wife and i enjoyed the t-rex experience and learnt a lot about the city of chicago and what it has got to offer . believe me we will return with the kids because the talbott is family oriented and friendly to kids . it felt very safe . anytime we are in chicago the talbott is gonna be our home away from home ! 
i was very disappointed with the hotel this time . they seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit . the clientele also seem to be of a lower quality . the lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice . the house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room . i think i will have to stay with the intercontinental next time . 
very quaint and romantic , yet masculine . i ' ve noticed that at most chicago hotel bars it ' s hard to get a drink much less a seat but i guess because it ' s a small hotel that was not a problem at the talbott - plus people take their drinks out to the seating in the lobby because it ' s so inviting - cozy and comfortable - love that ! would love to stay again but i must say that i was surprised by all the comments on the comfortable beds - ours was too firm . also note there is no gym on the premises - but walking and shopping is enough of a workout ! 
my husband and i were sorely disappointed in this hotel . we had requested a non smoking room , and right off we were hit with the stinch of stale cigarettes when we opened the door . the front desk was not responsive to our needs at all , but we did finally get moved to a new room . the water pressure in the shower was hardly enough to get the shampoo out of our hair and the beds were lumpy . i was very disappointed in the workout room , it was very small so i decided to swim laps instead , but when i got to the pool it didn ' t look like it had been maintained all week . needless to say we won ' t make the mistake of staying with homewood suites again . 
if you want a N-star hotel with N-star service , make sure you book your next chicago stay at fairmont chicago millennium park . when i checked in to the hotel , i had to wait at the desk for over ten minutes with no line . i was greeted with no ' thank you for your patience , ' or anything similar . the room was fine , but nothing too glamorous or outstanding . the internet cost N . N day which is outrageous considering the price of the hotel itself . the thing that pushed me over the edge , however , was the valet parking . when i wanted my car in the morning , i had to wait N minutes to be acknowledged ( the valets were talking to each other and ignoring me altogether ) . and for this ' service ' i was charged N . N night ! ! ! ! when i went to complain at the front desk , they just said that sometimes the valets get overwhelmed , and you have to exercise patience ! i will exercise patience as i check out of this hotel ! ! ! 
we stayed here through hotwire and got an amazingly low rate- N some odd dollars nightly for a N night stay last may . the room they had us in was small and had no view of anything except the wall of the other part of the hotel , but it was very clean , tastefully decorated and cozy . we had a great vacation , walking all over town until we ended up near the planetarium which was where we then turned around and saw the skyline of chicago and were just wow . so anyway , the hotel is great , the service was great , the room was very nice- i would recommend this hotel to anyone though i work at the front desk of a hotel myself and the previous person ' s comment about how she wasn ' t able to get adjoining rooms , well , internet sites don ' t guarantee things like that anyway- you ' ve got to call the hotel direct and verify things like that . there ' s a note about that on internet sites as well- no room type location is guaranteed . N stars out of N for this hotel . 
hi , stayed here for three nights recently , from check in to check out all staff members went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and if there was anything they could do to help us , directions , restaurants , transport , nothing was too much trouble , the dinner from monday to thursday N-N was a wonderful surprise , also the breakfast was more than adequet , stayed on the Nth floor and slept soundly , hotel close to everything for the tourist or business traveller . restaurants and shopping all within N-N mins . 
very luxurious and worth the money . if you are looking to relax and unwind in a great hotel then this is the one to choose . the staff was great and friendly . dont forget the N hour room service which is a great treat . 
this hotel is located right in the hustle and bustle of the city of chicago . it is ideal for the corporate executive . not only in terms of location but the hotel offers a spectacular view of the ocean . the dining room is spacious and makes eating at this hotel a really pleasant experience . while dining the guest experiences a nice ambiance as they overlook the city , which is picturesque especially at night , when the city lights come on . the rooms are nice and spacious and allows the guest to get all their work done with a desk area . i would strongly recommend this hotel for the corporate executive ! 
this hotel is great ! i love its interior design of the room . customer service is excellent ! and its gym and spa are gorgeous . if you need to go to chicago , this hotel would be your best choice ! you can also check its website for the special offer , i found a great deal on it ! 
as a frequent traveler to chicago , i generally stay at the sutton court , but thought i would try a different boutique hotel . i will never stay at this hotel again . the first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet , leaving me absolutely claustrophobic ! actually the smallest hotel room i ' ve been in in the u . s ! i complained to the front desk , who then moved me to a ' premium ' room -- still quite small , but manageably so . the bathroom was tiny , without a vanity , making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room . the location leaves much to be desired , as my room looked out directly onto the el ( elevated subway - background noise ) , and the street was pretty deserted on a sunday evening . i will say that the free wi-fi was great . if you can find a chain or other hotel closer to michigan avene , i ' d highly recommend you take that . if you want a nice room in a great location , check out sutton place hotel instead . 
i recently stayed at the hyatt regency in chicago , il , and boy was i surprised . the hotel looks nice from the outside but the smell from the river is noxious . in fact , the smell was so bad one night that it almost made it difficult to sleep or even think of eating . as if this were not enough , the bathroom of my room looked like it hadn ' t been cleaned in a month and their were stains on the ' fresh ' towels . towards the end of my stay i saw a mouse on the ground floor and could only imagine what other critters may be lurking in the walls . 
extravagant , exuberant experience ! our stay at hotel allegro was very enjoyable . the intoxicating views made the get-away much more relaxing , as well as the exceptional room service . the rooms were very decorative and well above par . i very much enjoyed the complimentary tea . i would highly recommend hotel allegro as a must stay vacation get-away . 
the hilton in chicago was awesome . the room was very clean and the hotel staff was very professional . one of the features i liked , was that in my room the internet access was wire and wireless , considering my laptop is not wireless , it help me out alot . food was very good , quality was great . there was also a flat screen in my room . . . awesome . the hotel itself is locaated in the middle of alot of resturants with fin dinning . i also enjoyed the gym very much . overall , i enjoyed myself , and i will stay again at the hilton when i return to chicago . 
i was very satisfied after staying at the sofitel chicago water tower . the service was excellent , as the staff was very helpful and polite . the beds were very comfortable , and the rooms were very spacious . i will definitely be returning to this hotel . 
having stayed at the excellent affinia chain in ny , i had very high expectations . when i saw the trip advisor rating , i immediately booked . what a huge disappointment -- the quality simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap , foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for N . you cannot sleep on these -- the windows are so thin , you can hear the buzzing from walk don ' t walk sign on superior below . -- the walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked , i was awaken around midnight , my room engulfed in smoke odor . a call downstairs yielded no results -- there are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood the desk chair was full of loose threads -- the water flow is very weak , but the towels are nice -- there are unpainted floorboards , the kind you find in day ' s inn -- they charge for internet service the tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like . the sign outside is also a banner . having stayed all over the u . s . , you are better off at red roof -- this is really an embarassment for the affinia chain . wait until they complete the renovations in N . i did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand . good heart , but the problems are not fixable . 
i loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown chicago , an older hotel with a great reno ( a bit over-the-top design , but still very lovely and charming ) , clean rooms , and very friendly staff . they ' re also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our Nlb mastiff cross with a gift bag ( treats and directions to an off-leash area ) , and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog ' s names on it . 
i choose the homewood suites in downtown chicago because i called them directly in search of a two bed room within walking distances of the attractions of chicago . well , when we arrived , it was apparent that there was chaos do to one of two elevators being out of service ( which it had been since tuesday , this was saturday ) . once we finally got to the Nth floor to check in , i figured our relaxing time had begun . well , we got our room key and headed for theNth floor . again , waited for an elevator but finally made it two our room . i put the key in the door it opened to the surprise of me and the family already inside the room - yup we got double booked . the family was very nice and seemed ok with their surprise visitors . said our apologies and went back to the elevator and waited again to head back down to the Nth floor registration to figure the mess out . we have now been at the hotel for a half hour with no room and slightly annoyed . made it to the reservation desk and explained the situation . i did get an apology and a new room . new key in hand waited again for an elevator to bring us to the Nth floor for a new room . finally got to our room only to find it was a king suite . we are a family of four including two full grown teenage boys . there was no way they were going to fit on a pull out sofa . so , really annoyed now , i called the front desk and was told that were no rooms with two beds left even though i had specifically asked for two beds when i booked . it said two beds on preference on my reservation but the reservation agent assured me two beds would be available when i checked in . she went so far to but two beds on my reservation paper work . the operator said there are is only one two bed room on each floor . the only thing we got was a fold up bed that took away half the room in the living area . now , i paid a total of N . N for one night for this room . we got the mess mentioned above and a breakfast out of the deal . i am pretty sure my next trip to chicago will not include this hotel . i can tell you that we are frequent hws hilton customers but this hotel will not be on our list of stops in the future . 
when i had to visit chicago for business i asked some of my associates where to stay and several of them recommended the hotel allegro . after my stay i can honestly say that i agree . from the luxurious bedding to the technological amenities , everything was thought of . the only place i find more comfortable then this hotel is my actual home . i now know where i will be staying every time i have business in this city , and anyone i know who is doing the same will hear so . 
we were checked into a room with empty beer bottles , dirty shorts in the closet and an unclean bathroom . there was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints . the front desk lady said the manager was on a lunch break at N pm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we missed our show at navy pier because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc . finally when i got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience ! ! ! this was totally inappropiate since i had children including a teenager with me . she gave me a N compensation for ruining our family holiday ! ! ! ! staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night . they kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets . i asked for two blanket , but they delivered one . i had to keep calling to get settled for the night . i saw a filled out comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk , who had taken the trouble of filling it out , but no one collected it or cared for it . noisy rooms . can hear the doors open and close all night . the breakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished . i will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates ! ! 
the hyatt regency hotel in chicago was the worst hotel i ever went to ! i booked a non-smoking room online , and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed . after going in my room , i smelled heavy smoke smell . it was really bad . i called the front desk about the issue , and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me ! there was also blood stains on my bed sheets . the carpet was also dirty . i would never book at that hyatt again ! 
what was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in chicago turned into a complete disaster . the first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of N was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in . . . they knew we had N ! we ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel . when we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on N different floors despite our request for rooms near each other . after some finagling they were finally able to get us in N rooms on the same floor , unfortunately one of the rooms hadn ' t even been cleaned which meant more waiting around . the staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating . on our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at N Nam . despite my calls to the front desk , the sound seemed to continue for about N minutes . we also didn ' t know the hotel was sooo pet friendly . one morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door . i understand they allow pets , but really . . . people need to clean up after their animals . . . or have some dog free floors . while hard rock hotel in chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms , their service was terrible , the staff was rude , and i still can ' t get over that dog poo in the hallway . i definitely won ' t be staying here again . 
i recently stayed at the sofitel hotel ( chicago water tower ) , and i was quite disappointed . i was excited by the great location ( on east chestnut street downtown ) , but this was a mediocre hotel for the price ( N per night before taxes ) . the view from my room was of the top of a parking garage and some dumpsters , and yes , the view of downtown in the distance was pretty , but i was very disappointed . the bedding seemed to be polyester , not the luxury cotton many lower-level hotels are featuring lately . when i ordered room service at N N ( on a thursday night ) , i had to wait for N minutes , N minutes longer than i was quoted . i ordered a salad , and i thought the lettuce was a bit limp as if it had been sitting out for too long . overall , i was very disappointed by my overpriced stay at the sofitel chicago water tower . 
a few weeks ago we stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago . the hotel was a bust from the get go . as we arrived in the lobby , we had to wait several minutes for the front desk clerk to show up . ( we could hear her talking in the back for N minutes . ) when she got to the desk she was very short with us and not very helpful . we had to wander around the halls looking for our room . once we got to our room , we thought the weekend was going to get better . the rooms are modern and nicely designed . that was about all that this hotel had going for it though . as soon as we started to explore the room more , it was clear this room had been a haven for a party a few nights before . the bathroom smelled of vomit and the bath tub had small shards or glass from broken bottles in it . we called a worker and they cleaned most of it up , but the thought of it still remained . as we all settled down to sleep , there were a few loud noises coming from the room next door . after about an hour , we finally made a call to the front desk to complain . the woman said that a rock band was in that room and they had just finished a show in chicago . they were staying there the next N nights . i wouldn ' t recommend this hotel to anyone ! it ' s a hard rock hotel all right . ( at least that ' s what the beds feel like ! ) 
we experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the omni chicago hotel on the magnificent mile . we never received a return call from general manager sanjay mahajan after several voicemails . we will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word . we also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel . 
i recently stayed at the hyatt regency in downtown chicago . my stay here was wonderful thanks to such a friendly staff . i needed to do some research for work and the free wi-fi made this very easy . the bed was so nice and soft ! even the pillows were fluffy . i was able to put my valuables in the in-room safe . the local restaurants were amazing . i will recommend this to my friends and i am staying here again in the future . 
thirty years ago , we had a tiny ' room ' and indifferent service . this time , the service was superb and friendly throughout , with special commendation for the waiters and waitresses at the coffee shop , the door and bell persons , and the hilton honors person at the front desk . they even lowered our price ( to moderately high ) when we inquired a few days before our stay . when we want to stay south of the river downtown , we will be back 
any traveler who is loyal to a favorite hotel has experienced this sad truth eventually the lodging deteriorates . but you do not expect the price to double and triple at the same time ! i have been staying at the talbott for several decades . yes , changes have been made , like the updated heating and cooling systems and the front entrance , most recently . but other things have gone downhill . for the last several stays i have experienced very dirty carpets and slow service . rates have skyrocketed and now they are asking for N night minimum stays on many occasions . this is the kind of rate structure one might expect from the N star hotels within spitting distance of the talbott , but not this less-than-maintained lodging . i , personally , am shopping for a new home away from home . 
my wife and i brought our daughter downtown for a blowout ' american girl ' weekend and chose the monaco because of it ' s glowing reviews . we arrived late and maybe that ' s when they put out their second-stringers , but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff--like we were an intrusion . i ' ll never understand this--they ' re in the hospitality business and they ' re inhospitable ! ( this is getting picky , but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage louis vuitton trunk needs some maintenance . the repeated ' hm ' initials are peeling off--looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability ) . when we got to our room we found the maid ' s ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed ( yuck ! ) . i ' m still trying to figure out that scenario . there were no ashes--so i ' ve ruled out spontaneous combustion . also , to the disappointment of my daughter , the much-advertised goldfish was mia . the bellhop ( who apologized for the shoes ) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed ' . . . is that ok ? ' he said . i think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking Nc fish to make a tired N-year-old happy . on the up side , the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved ( ' i ' d like to live here ! ' she said ) . the bed is very comfortable--my wife wants the same brand now . the bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower--except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you ' re-using-it toilet paper . come on kimpton ! how much can a decent roll cost ? the view towards the river is great ( try to get one ) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window--she closed the curtains and was in her own ' club house ' watching the world go by from from high above the city . in short very nice hotel--desk staff at night could be nicer ( wouldn ' t cost anything and would have made up for the maid ' s shoes ! ) 
i booked a room at swissotel chicago because i thought the price was reasonable , and at the base price it was however , it ended up costing more than i had planned for , as you have to pay for parking and other amenities . the service was not very good , considering they market themselves as a luxury hotel . there was no one there to help us bring in our bags when we had a difficult time doing so , and the staff were cold . all in all , i would say it was an average experience . . . not luxurious like they claim it to be . 
i recently stayed at the affinia hotel in chicago , and it was one of the worst experiences i ' ve ever had at a high-end hotel . i was in chicago for a conference , and i thought i would enjoy the experience more if i had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to , but this hotel definitely wasn ' t that place . the restaurants were mediocre at best , despite their high prices i repeatedly got food that was bland , overcooked , or lukewarm . the room was fine , but nothing special i think i ' d have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown chicago . a big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel , though , was with their jet set pets program it ' s hard to find a decent , relaxing hotel that i ' ll like that will also accept my dog . but many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt , who is energetic and loves people but isn ' t the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he ' s got that terrier look . multiple people mocked him , or said there was no point grooming him , or asked why i wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room . i know that it ' s a fairly high-end hotel , but i would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs . i hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well . the experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory , especially for the price . i can give them good marks on their spa services , and i really appreciated the pillow ' menu , ' but other than that it didn ' t feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience , especially given the customer service . 
i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in chicago and was very disappointed right from the beginning . the girl at the front desk was busy talking to a one of her friends and when i finally did get her to wait on me she was rude and seemed bothered to have to wait on me . the room wasnt at all what i was expecting . it was dingy , dirty , and just seems like an old hotel . just not what i was looking for in a nice hotel . seemed like the quality you ' d expect from a cheap motel . 
i stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience . i feel that it didn ' t live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best . i had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy ' s work resembled that of an amateur . my personal rating is N N stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend . 
we booked our hotel stay thru yahoo and requested a room for N with N beds . when we got to the hotel , not only did they not have a room for us ( we pre-paid ! ) , but they said they could not guarantee what we had requested online , they could only give us what was available . the hotel staff was rude and condescending and only after i got upset did they finally tell me they did have a room for us . if you book online - beware ! you may not get what you paid for . they did not stand by their promise they advertise in each room . 
 i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers a couple nights ago . the service was excellent ! ! as soon as i stepped through the door they grabbed my bags , and were helping me choose the best hotel room for me ! i loved there service and the room was gorgeous ! i highly recommend it for anyone , and there prices aren ' t as bad as others . i loved the experience and i ' m sure next time i ' m in the area i ' ll visit again ! 
warning ! my stay at the talbott hotel will go down in history as one of my worst experiences staying in hotels . i was excited for a weekend getaway with a few friends . after receiving a few positive recommendations and looking at their website we decided to stay at the talbott . they were promoting up to N breakfast credit per day . and breakfast is my favorite meal so this was already looking like a great time . upon our arrival we were greeted by an employee ( which we wouldn ' t have known had he not told us ) that was not only rude but made sexual advances at one of the ladies on our group . once we talked with a manager about the incident outside he assured us that he would take care of the issue and even upgraded us to king suites instead of the double size rooms we originally reserved . if someone had blindfolded me and took me into one of these rooms i would have sworn we were at motel N , not a luxury hotel in chicago . the linens were stained , room smelled of smoke and had another odor that was similar to old cat pee . i was truly disgusted . after a night out on the town we came back to our disgusting rooms to get some sleep . the next morning i was excited for our breakfast that was highly recommended by the hotel and other guests . i have to say it was one of the worst breakfasts i have ever eaten . the toast was stale , eggs were made from powder instead of real eggs , and the juice they served was sour . i would never recommend this as a place to stay . i would suggest the red roof inn over this place anytime . 
i vacationed at the fairmont chicago for N nights in july N . the room , the bathroom , the view , and the staff were all wonderful . i just wish the hotel were a few blocks north ( on mi ave ) . sometimes , when you ' re tired , that extra couple of blocks seem like miles ! 
stayed here october N through november N for a cconference . this is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect . the art institute and millenium park is a short N block walk from the hotel . my room was small , but beautiful . the bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows . alas , no coffee maker in the room . . . the staff was helpful and friendly . i ' d stay here again ! 
a friend and i stayed at the hyatt regency in chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her birthday . the hotel at first glance was very nice and charming . but , we quickly found out that was not the case . our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in . the bathroom was filthy , it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks ! ! there was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror . there were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room . we immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly , unkempt room . the women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling ' was not smoke ' because that is not permitted in the hotel . we were also told that room was cleaned that day . after several minutes of arguing with her and a manager , we were moved to a another room which took N hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time . we had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us . the food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and way over priced . our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there . all the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests . i will never stay here again and i would never recommend this hotel to any one . 
i have just returned from a lovely shopping trip to chicago . it is a very nice hotel , and i will love to stay there if i visit chicago again ! there is a lot of positive to say about the hotel staff is excellent , never experienced such an excellent service -- that alone is worth coming back for . was pleasantly surprised that the room rate was including breakfast . a few things that could make this hotel even better . . . a hand shower in the bathroom . the hairdryer to be placed in the bedroom , instead of the bathroom , when the bathroom is all damp after a shower i prefer leaving the bathroom to dry my hair . free internet access in the lobby . i was surprised i had to pay N or N usd ( for N minutes ) to log-on and check-in with my airline ( only with a few airlines you can check-in without paying ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ) 
a recent stay at the james hotel-chicago , revealed the the recent updating at this hotel was a facelift only . although the rooms and public areas look nice , the hotel still needs serious work . our first room was not clean when we arrived and this non-smoking room had a serious odor of cigarette smoke . we asked for a new room which was clean and odor free . we had to involve the manager before our request was granted . the new room was better at first glance , but was severely lacking . we could not get the temperature properly regulated . the room was always either too hot or too cold for our two night stay . in a hotel commanding the rates of the james , we expect the room temperature to be a comfort which is taken for granted , not something which is a constant battle . our mattress was horribly uncomfortable . when the rooms were updated , the james skipped new mattresses . ours was worn to the point of having indentations you can ' t get out of--when you lie down , you sort of sink into a hole . this matter of basic comfort should not be an issue in a ' luxury ' hotel . last , but not least , we found the hotel to be loud at almost all times during our stay . in spite of the calming decor , the noise level was raucous and not at all conducive to a good night ' s sleep . all in all , we were unhappy with our accommodations at the james chicago and would recommend you avoid the hotel even though it is in a convenient location . you will be happier almost anywhere else . 
we really enjoyed our stay at the palmer house hilton . we were in chicago for a weekend stay , and wanted something close to state street , and convenient to the theatre district and the museums , and michigan ave . shopping . this is a grand old hotel , with just about every amenity one could wish for . the lobby is fabulous , and the hotel also has some nice restaurants . our room had a nice king sized bed , and was pretty cozy . hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us . i would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a ' grand hotel ' type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown chicago . you will definitely feel special . 
for the price of the marriott we spent a night here ( N tax ) and had an enjoyable if brief stay . as others have noted the hotel has been recently renovated , and the rooms are furnished with attractive and sleek scandanavian-type design . the staff was polite and attentive , and seemed to match the redesign with a hip kind of feel . the parking is pricey at N , so i used an adjacent lot and self-parked , and as others have noted , the lack of water-pressue in the shower was disappointing . good location . would return , esp as this pricepoint . 
i accompanied my husband on a business trip to chicago back in september and we stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel . the place was absolutely oozing with old-fashioned charm ! also , there were plenty of shopping opportunities within walking distance , so i shopped while my husband worked . it just doesn ' t get any better than that ! i loved the service we received and the ambiance of that grand old hotel , and i ' d definitely stay there again ! 
we recently stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago illinois , while the hotel was nice please take my advice and do not stay here . i payed cash for the room and handed over my credit card for incedentals ( N . N ) the next day my debit card was charged N clearly this had to be a mistake . . . i called the hotel manager who was the rudest person i have ever spoken with about the charge and was told that it was my fault i paid cash and that i could give him my bank account , routing , ss and authorization code and he could call my bank and take care of it . clearly i am smart enough not to give this information to anyone yet alone someone who had already taken more then should have been charged . i then called corporate to complain and let them know about the situation the only thing corporate could tell me is that they had already credited my account and that they were sorry and it was clearly my mistake . i then questioned them about the manager asking for all my information if they had already credited my account and they told me they didnt have an answer for me . so for your bank accounts sake do not stay here they are many other options in chicago 
if you love brick walls and alleyways , then this view is for you . i asked for a room facing the river , i get a room facing a brick wall . that really pissed me off . from all the great reviews , i was expecting better . before i came here , i stayed in a hyatt in nyc , and that was awesome . there was nothing about the hotel that blew me away . the wine hour was ok . i was hoping there would be something better food , but i guess that ' s why it ' s a wine hour . i ordered room service one night . there wasn ' t really anywhere to eat it , so i had to eat it on my bed to watch tv . this was my first time coming to chicago , and i think it will be my last . just thoroughly disappointed . 
recently my husband and i stayed at the james in chicago for our ' night on the town ' . after taking in a musical , we checked in at the james and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service . the rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym . if i had known that they accepted pets beforehand , it would ' ve been a great environment for our family lapdog . staying at the james in chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in chicago . 
i had a wonderful time at the james hotel while on business in chicago . the rooms are modern , tasteful and well-kept , while the staff was responsive and efficient . this was the perfect place to unwind after working all day , but also provided an ideal atmosphere to do some more work . 
i stayed here august N through Nrd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel . the price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on michigan avenue . the front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities . the john entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch . any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and the hard rock hotel in chicago really helped me accomplish just that ! 
my wife and i were excited to visit and shop at chicago ' s magnificent mile on michigan ave . we chose the intercontinental hotel for it ' s reputation and location . man oh man , were we disappointed . the check in was smooth enough even though the hotel was busy and all seemed well . we got ready to go out shopping and went to visit the concierge in the lobby to ask about suggestions and bargains . there were six people in line for her and we had to wait . that was no problem since we weren ' t on a timetable . when we finally got to her and asked about shopping on the miracle mile , she just pointed to the door and said , ' it ' s right out the door . ' i asked her for suggestions of the best stores for bargains and she rolled her eyes at me saying , ' there ' s no such thing . ' i couldn ' t believe her abruptness . we left the concierge stand not wanting to return . shopping went well and was fun . we returned to our room and wanted to look up a restaurant for the night ourselves rather than ask the concierge . we couldn ' t find a hotel directory in the room . i called the housekeeping department and was told , ' we ' re all out of directories here in the office . ' i asked if they could check a vacant room for one . she said the hotel was full and there were no vacant rooms . i hung up and thought i would just look for a restaurant in the yellow pages . guess what ? you guessed it , no phone book in the room . i figured we could go get a drink at the bar , the hotel ' s N ' s themed lounge , and ask the bartender for suggestions . we went to the bar and there were only three other customers . we sat at the bar and got our drinks . as i was about to ask the bartender for restaurant suggestions , his cell phone rang . he answered it and went to the other end of the bar to talk . twenty minutes later , he was still on the phone . tired and hungry , my wife and i went back to our room and ordered a pizza to be delivered from pizza hut . although the hotel is nice enough and the furnishings comfortable , the indifference of the staff will keep me from ever coming back . a big thumbs down to the intercontinental chicago . they need to look up the word hospitality in the dictionary . 
i am writing about my recent stay at the ambassador east hotel . i just wanted to let you know what a wonderful team you have working there . everyone from check-in to check-out couldn ' t have been more helpful or personable . it made my mundane business trip a very pleasureable one . the hotel is spotless , very comfortable and the restaurant is one of chicago ' s finest . you really offer the finest quality in both product and service . the only complaint i have is that internet access is not free . i would just like to mention one person in particular- sofie . she worked on the front desk and she went above and beyond to make my stay as smooth as possible . she even helped me out with taxi services and local recommendations . i shall look forward to returning next month . thank you . yours , p . grady 
i was initially very excited to be staying at the ambassador east hotel . the photos online appeared very classy and upscale and i thought staying there would be a pleasant experience . upon arrival i was very disappointed - the main lobby was closed for construction making it somewhat difficult to get around . our room was very dated - old furnishings and linens , damaged tile - it fell quite short for the high price we paid . it is an older building with very thin walls allowing you to clearly hear all other guests in surrounding rooms and also the lovely slam of doors of departing guests in the morning . doorways are extremely narrow in hallways and room - gives a very claustrophobic feel to the hotel . 
i was extremely disappointed with my stay at the omni chicago hotel . it was a hot summer day and i turned on the shower and only drips of hot water came out . i called to complain and they assured me that someone would be in my room to fix the shower or show me how to use it . i felt the person i spoke to was rude to me . they were not accepting responsibility , but talking down to me as if i was stupid . after waiting N minutes a bell hop came up to show me how to use the shower . this was not a service person . he could not get the shower to work either and apologized for the problem i was having . he expected a tip and complained when i did not give him one . nobody came up after that . i was told i could switch to a different room , so i had to pack up my belongings and move to another floor . the shower did work in this other room , but i didn ' t have the view of the city that i had in the first room . i was looking at a brick wall . plus there was a party in the next room that was so loud it kept me up all night . i complained and the hotel staff told me they were vips and could not do anything about the noise . this hotel was overpriced and my stay was miserable . do not go to the omni hotel . i ' ve stayed in N a night motels with better service . 
i visited chicago with my two teenage daughters . homewood suites is amazing . the complimentary breakfast and receptions offer so much variety . the hotel was within walking distance to many places to eat and shop . we got caught in a thunderstorm , and got soaking wet . i dried all our clothes in the dryer right in the hotel ! the homewood suites was so much like home . the suite was very spacious and had everything we needed . the hotel had lots of brochures and suggestions for dining and activities . the staff was so friendly and helpful . chicago is an amazing place and the homewood suites is the place to stay . i would definitely stay there again . 
the amalfi hotel in chicago advertises itself as family friendly , yet when i arrived with my children it was anything but family friendly . the staff seemed miffed and stuck up , and i had to wait for the personal check in . i was too worried that my kids would ruin the obviously really expensive furniture while i waited , and other guests ( all single or couples without children ) seemed annoyed every time i passed with my kids while i was trying to keep them entertained before we checked in . this might not be the best place to stay if you have a kid or two , even though it is advertised as such . i give you a great big thumbs down for false advertising , amalfi . 
i was really looking forward to a nice relaxing stay at the end of a long vacation , but unfortunately that was not to be had . from the moment we arrived at the omni , the staff was belligerent and extremely rude . they had lost our reservation and refused to give us the rate we had booked before . if we weren ' t so tired , we would ' ve gone to a different hotel right then , but hindsight is N N . after we finally got checked in after being made to wait needlessly for N minutes in the lobby , we decided to go down to the pool , which was tiny and kind of dirty , so we had walked all the way down there in our suits for nothing . the internet access was really slow . i will never stay here again . save yourself the headache and book somewhere else ! 
the entrance and room was spacious and modern , yet elegant . it was very easy to get around to many places because it is in the middle of all the action of chicago . the drinks were very exotic and tickled the taste buds . indeed , it is one of the best vacation or weekend getaway spots . 
i booked this hotel for my family of N to stay overnight to see the magnificent mile christmas lights parade . i chose it because it had a sofa sleeper and one bed . we arrived at our hotel around N N pm to check in . we came at this time because the front desk worker said that we could not check in until N N pm . after giving him our name , the manager said , ' ok , we have your king smoking suite available ' . we quickly corrected him to let him know that we were traveling with two very young kids and we reserved a non-smoking room . he insisted that his computer said that we reserved a smoking room . we went back and forth , then he asked us if we had a copy of our reservation . luckily , we were able to pull the reservation up on our phone . it clearly said non-smoking . after showing him our reservation , he explained that there was nothing that he could do to correct the situation because they had no other rooms available . so why in the world did he need to see our reservation ! ! we decided to see if we could handle the smoking room . it turns out that the entire floor was smoking and for a non smoker there was no way that we could sleep in a smoking room on a smoking floor with our two young children . the manager eventually called around and found a hampton inn near by with one bed . we canceled our room reservation . we live about an hour away from downtown so we made the late night trip back home . my family was very disappointed . my husband is a gold member with hilton . let ' s just say we will be switching back to marriott . the hotel lobby was dated . the smoking room that i saw looked very dated as well . they made an error and never owned up to it , nor did they do anything to compensate us for such a huge inconvenience . 
we originally made reservations for a weekend getaway but after looking at their website , read about their ' romantic weekend getaway . ' having never been in the area before or stayed at an ambassador hotel we really didn ' t know what to expect , but the pictures online made it look more inviting than it turned out to be . upon arriving , the parking valet was on break and we ended up having to park our own car , unless we felt like leaving it in the line of traffic . it only went downhill from there . the bed sheets had footprints on them and the bathroom had an odor that we couldn ' t figure out what it was . we ended up getting a different room , which was very mediocre . needless to say , we won ' t be staying here again . 
the affinia in chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences . if you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for affinia , do not expect any measure of customer service and don ' t expect great accommodations , even at their high prices . when we arrived our reservation was lost , then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available . the furnishings in the room were cheaply made , the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel ' s l shaped corridor . i called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time . two hours later someone came . the dining hall and reception areas were really nice , but again , unless you ' re a large group don ' t expect to enjoy them during your stay at affinia . even if you could , the prices wouldn ' t be worth it . 
i recently had the pleasure of spending three nights at the hotel allegro chicago to attend a corporate meeting . to say the rooms at this beautifully renovated hotel are stylish is an understatement . i stayed in one of the more moderately priced rooms yet found all the amenities of premium rooms at other hotels . my room was spacious and furnished in a retro-modern style . a fully stocked refreshment center , wet bar , and lcd hd tv were amongst the standard items . the allegro is in the center of everything , the chicago loop of the financial district , the chicago theatre district , great shopping on slate street and fine dinning is available adjacent to the hotel ( i suggest the N lunch club ) . the fitness room is well equipped and clean . the professional and friendly service was the icing on the cake during my stay at the allegro . my next visit to the chicago area will definitely include a stay at the hotel allegro chicago . 
i got married in the chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the ambassador east hotel . they had nothing but nice things to say about it ! my husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs . the rooms are decorated so nicely and they don ' t have that funny hotel smell . the pump room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports . if i ' m ever in the area again i will be sure to book a room at the ambassador east hotel ! 
stayed here as a treat to myself while in chicago recently for a concert . i totally loved it here ! ! when you called either the front desk or room service , the phone was answered with ' hallo mrs ( name ) ' which was a great personal touch . vanessa at the front desk , went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before i could book into my room . my room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious . i was on the Nth floor and the views were superb . we ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice . the doormen were great too and i wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me , so no snobbery there . comfortable , cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom , the lights went on in the wardrobe ( never seen that before ! ! ) , tv was hd ready and flat screen . the bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while . would i stay here again ? ? oh yeah ! ! no problem - just need to save up first ! ! 
my experiences at the fairmont chicago were less than desirable . i try to be fair when i write my reviews , but fair is not in the fairmont chicago language . from pulling up to check in i felt the gouging start . N a night for parking is terrible for this area N- N is the average and that is not affordable as it is but N is just disgusting to put on your guests . the parking was more than my car rental . in the room the internet is not complementary it is N for standard and N for some sort of ultra upgraded internet service . gouge gouge gouge , who charges for internet anymore and even worse upgraded services . i didn ' t go online every day of my N day stay because of the cost . one update on the internet that they don ' t tell you upon check in is that if you sign up for the free premiere fairmont club you will receive free in room internet service , i found that out on the last day of my stay . other issues with this property is the shower pressure is not very good . the bed was hard and uncomfortable . and i would say there are many other properties that have a better location and price in the city . on a good note the aria resturant in the fairmont has a tremendous staff and serves up the best burger and fries i have ever had , loved the complimentary naan and dips to start , and the complimentary orange bark to finish . 
the ambassador east hotel is a pretty girl with a bad heart . as i was staying for a few nights i notied may problems with the service of this expensive , cold hotel . first the room sevice was poorly helpful , the bag boy insisted on a tip , and also droped my bag . the chefs cooking was terriable , the steak that i spent N dollars on was suppost to be rare , but came to me burnt . the room was not what you pay for , the beds were like a sack of rocks . and to top it off the covers smelled like smoke . i will never give the ambassador east hotel another chance . 
i went to chicago on business last year and i had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious hyatt regency hotel . i opted for the business plan , although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from , such as the allergy friendly , monarch suite , state suite , all the way up to the presidential suite . my suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort , equipped with wi-fi , a generous N inch television , spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body . i dined at the stetson ' s chop shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared . the staff was curtious and accommodating . for breakfast , i opted to have my meal brought to my room where i started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong , gourmet coffee . i would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight chicago stay . 
i stayed at the affina chicago for my anniversary . the hotel is in a great location , but that doesn ' t make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff . it looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet . i spent more money than i would normally , hoping for a luxury experience , and left very unsatisfied . 
upon first inspection , sofitel chicago water tower looks like an excellent place to spend a few days in the heart of downtown chicago , but appearances can certainly be deceiving . best summed up , sofitel is nothing more than a fancy holiday inn . it certainly shows that this hotel is part of a chain , even if it is an international one . the customer service is poor unless you look like you have N to tip someone . the furniture throughout the establishment looks and feels like it cane from ikea . the rooms are dirty when you first walk in , the air feels stale , and the views are certainly all they ' re cracked up to be . none of this is worth a ' luxury ' price or even worthy of a ' luxury ' name . i will certainly not be staying here again . 
everything that i read from other reviews was pretty much on the money , they have excellent customer service , the employees there really cared about their guests , there was always coffee , tea , hot chocolate in the lobby , good hot breakfast and dinner with wine and beer , the doormen were nice and willing to help out for directions , the room did the job , there was a kitchen , N flat screen tv ' s , and a pullout couch included , it was close to the ' el ' , but for us we found the buses to be more useful . i would recommend getting a pass , we got a N day pass and it was well worth it for N which we got at jewel osco , not too far from the hotel , for the most part the majority of the people that were there were older people on a business trip and families , but us three girls didn ' t mind , so i would definitely recommend this place , it was one of the cheapest places were found out of all the other hotels . 
spent three nights at the hotel for a girls weekend . the staff was wonderful , room was beautiful and location great . you can take the train directly from midway and walk one block to the hotel . very close to museums and restaurants . i have stayed here before and it always proves to be a great choice for a trip to chicago . 
we stayed in the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago in a standard guest room . the rooms had just been renovated , but the changes did not make much of a difference . the room was so small , it felt like we were sleeping below deck on a boat . the decor was drab and there was nothing special about the room . we were excited about the bathrobe and slippers that came with the room , but we assumed there would be a bathrobe and a pair of slippers for each of us there was only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers . we called the front desk to ask for a second set and were treated like we were trying to scam the hotel and refused to send them . it would not have mattered if they sent a second set the bathrobe was so scratchy it gave me a rash and there were stains on the slippers . as hotel guests , we expected to be treated with respect and enjoy the stay we paid for . we were severely disappointed . 
when i made my reservations at softiel in chicago , i was expecting the ultimate in luxury but softiel failed to deliver . everything was just ok . i do not spend money on a quality hotel for ' just ok ' . if i want ' just ok ' i ' ll check into the days inn ! first of all there were problems with our reservation . i asked to have a room near the top floors and my room was actually only on the fifth floor ! the desk clerk was less than helpful to fix this . i eventually got it fixed but i certainly did not feel at all like a valued guest during this process . later when i went down to ask for directions and information at the desk the clerk was very cold and abrupt with us . the room was quite nice but the shower did not deliver adequate water pressure . on the second day of our stay , housekeeping did not refill our soaps or coffee . they also failed to empty one of our wastebaskets . minor i know , but when you ' re paying for a luxury experience , you kind of expect luxury ! the hotel itself was nice but the staff really don ' t deliver . i would not stay here again . you can get a nice clean room at laquinta for N N the price and the staff is much more helpful . 
great hotel in a wonderful location . i stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and i loved it . i couldn ' t recommend it highly enough . evidently popular and busy , the staff were still helpful . the rooms were lovely and spacious and clean . bathrooms were clean , bright and spacious also . i ' d definitely recommend this hotel too , it ' s close to the magnificant mile . 
we booked through a travel website . this hotel is currently undergoing major renovation and will be renamed in september . the public areas are still being renovated but the hallways and rooms are done . the hallway was so dimly lit , we couldn ' t see how to use the key card . the shock came when we entered the room . whoever designed it obviously did not take function or a guest ' s comfort into consideration . the bed was a mere N inches off the ground - a mattress ( rock hard ) over a platform . the ' nigh stands ' were shelves attached to the wall at around N inches height . the room was stark - all off-white , no color . no art work or any decoration at all . the full-length drapes completely blocked the air conditioning unit if it were winter and the heat was on , i think this could be dangerous . there was a desk chair but no clock radio in the room there was a wall mounted lcd tv with very poor channel selection . the bathroom was very small but clean . the problem with it was that the tub was almost N ft high and difficult to step in to . an older person could have never stayed in the room . because of the renovation , there was no restaurant on-site . no vending or ice available on the floor either i can ' t see anyone ever becoming a repeat guest at this hotel . i would never stay there again . 
i travelled to chicago last week with my daughter for some christmas shopping . we booked the conrad based on the reviews on tripadvisor . it lived up to all expectations . great big room , with two king size beds . very comfortable . breakfast was great , loads of choice and plenty on the plate . great location , connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed . all and all , a great hotel and we would go back in the morning . chicago is a great city with very friendly people . 
we had our hotel reservations at another hotel set and after we were reading all of the negative reviews we cancelled and made out reservation at the hilton - i am so glad we did the hotel was clean , hotel staff was pleasant and helpful and the beds were amazing . we knew we were paying a little more than some other hotels but it was well worth every penny . 
on our first trip to chicago , my fiance and i stayed N nights on our anniversary and were pleasantly surprised by the hotel and the service we received from the personnel . in the past from other ' luxury hotels ' we have paid much more and received much less . here the room were very spacious , comfortable and sleek . we spent come time in the hotel bar , le bar , and enjoyed a few of their specialty martinis that were second to none ! we also enjoyed dinner at the hotel ' s cafe des architectes and received service some of the best service in quite some time . if traveling with a lover we recommend the ' air of romance ' package . it was the best ! N stars ! 
well , this used to be a le meridian hotel , and it has changed for the worse . we kept having to remind them we booked a package , because we were being over-charged separately for everything , when it should have been included . we were supposed to have champagne in the room upon arrival , and did not . two phone calls and three hours later , it finally showed up . we tried to have a drink in the bar , and even though we were the only people there , three servers bartenders came and went , talking to each other , not one of them acknowledging us . after ten minutes we left the hotel and went down the street for a drink . and don ' t bother to pay extra for ' city view ' because you may get the view we had from only the sixth floor , looking across the street directly into a plain brick wall - that is all we could see . oh yes , the valet lost his cell phone in someone ' s car , and called me at home today to see if we found it . he wanted me to call him back at home . nice of the hotel to give out our personal information to the staff , huh ? for the money , stay at any other hotel in chicago with the same price-point and it will be much much better . 
i recently stayed at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel , and it was one of the absolute worse travel experiences that i ever had . one of the main reasons why i had originally booked my stay at the fairmont was because the property offered special , ' pure ' rooms and suites that are supposed to be hypoallergenic . because i suffer from extreme allergies -- and i really hate the thought of a less-than-pristine hotel room -- i was happy to pay extra for a room that was supposed to be specially designed for guests with environmental sensitivities . i ' ll tell you this right now -- save your money . when i got to my room , i immediately detected the distinct smells of cigarette smoke and mold . to add to the gross factor , i took a look around and noticed dust on the lamps and light fixtures as well as dirt on the carpet . the comforter on the bed looked messy as well -- as if someone had recently used the bed and then hastily threw the comforter back over it . there was no way i was going to stay in this room , so i made my way back to the check-in desk and politely informed them of the problems with my room . the woman at the front desk told me there were no other rooms available and it was only after we practically got into a yelling match that she grudgingly started typing away at her computer . after making me wait for another twenty minutes , she finally informed me that they could put me in another room , but it would be a four hour wait . four hours ! it was absolutely ridiculous . no hotel -- much less one that constantly touts some sort of promise of superior customer service -- should ever treat any of its customers this way . i do not recommend the fairmont nor will i ever stay there again . 
this is a great place to stay while visiting chicago . my husband and i went over the holidays to see my family and we stayed at this hotel . we could not have asked for nicer people ! everyone was always smiling and very helpfull ! we usually stay at the ramada . . . but will never stay anywhere other than the intercontinental chicago hotel again ! - casey l . skinner 
staying here currently . had aspired to sleep . the paper thin walls allow even the slightest peep from your neighbor to feel like you ' re right in bed with them . couldn ' t sleep anyway because of the cheap , giant fluffy pillows . called housekeeping , asked for any help . . . was simply and accomodatingly told , after my plea for help , could they , would they have any ability to supply me with a reasonable pillow ? complete answer before hanging up ' we do not . ' hyatt , may your well executed service lead to your demise . happy 
was there recently for one night for a conference . tried to check-in at N Npm ( the published check-in was Npm ) , they said my room wasn ' t ready , where as others coming after me were assigned rooms . was given a dummy door key card and asked to chill in the lounge on the Nnd floor and that they would call on may cell as soon as the room was ready . i chilled there until Npm , no call , so went out for dinner . came back at N Npm and asked if my room was ready . the gal said of course yes and give me a key . when asked why no one called me , she just shrugged . no , my troubles did not end there . i went to the room and opened the door only to find someone else in the room . came back to the lobby , then they apologized and gave me another room . i said i was not going to walk-in on somebody else again , so they sent someone with me to open the new room . for all my ' trouble ' they reduced my bill by about N . it was definitely not worth the trouble they put me thru . very bad experience . 
beautiful views and awesome service ! my husband and i stayed at the swissotel in chicago while meeting up with some old friends from college . we have been to chicago a few times but never stayed at this hotel before . first off the architecture and feel of the hotel is just amazing . so beautiful ! the views from our corner suite was breathtaking and the accomodations were flawless . the fact that we could have an apartment like setting rather than a cold hotel room made all the difference . from the big tub in the bath to the entertainment system and work area , everything is in place to make your stay like being at home but with an awesome view of the chicago skyline . we took advantage of the executive club for desserts and breakfast and had dinner one night at the palm restaurant . delicious food ! we will definitely stay at the swissotel the next time we visit chicago . 
i live in chicago and have frequent occasion to recommend hotels to friends and business acquaintances . we recently put up a candidate ( and his family ) we were recruiting for our company at the conrad . we had had good luck with this hotel when it was a le meridien . it was a disappointment for all concerned as a conrad . on the plus side , our guests were able to check in early with no problem and they generally liked their room . on the downside . . . they learned after the fact that all rooms with two beds have no bath tub ( only a shower ) . our guests moved to a room with a bath tub and found hairs in it , which they had to clean themselves . when the coffee bar had no caffeinated coffee and our guests asked for some , they were told it would be delivered immediately . when they called N minutes later the front desk admitted that they had ' forgotten . ' while the concierge and doorman were quite helpful , our guests told us that the front desk personnel were sullen and unresponsive . our guests were generally under whelmed by one of the ' five best hotels in chicago . ' conrad has a long way to go to compete with the four seasons , peninsula and park hyatt . 
stayed N nights at this great hotel . updated rooms . clean . used tim to book theater and dinning reservations . provided excellent service . close to subway , shopping and dinning . excellent value . free wireless internet and access to nearby health club very nice perks . highly recommend it . future concern is adjacent construction of condos . not a problem while we were there but something to ask front desk about in the future . 
while visiting the chicago area , we chose the hotel monaco chicago for our stay . as one of the premier luxury hotels in chicago , we held high expectations but were quickly disappointed in what we recieved . the problems began as soon as we arrived . the attendant was not friendly nor did she have the smile that is suppose to be the symbol of kimpton . and , when we went to our room only to discover that we had not been given what we had paid for , the situation only got worse . rather than apologize for the error ( my credit card receipt was on hand ) we were blamed for the indescrpencies in rooms and told that not only was the room we had reserved and paid for more than two months unavailable , we would not recieve a refund of the price difference of the two rooms . i could not believe that a top N u . s . hotel that is suppose to be committed to excellence could make such a blunder ! with no choice but to retreat back to our room , we were pleasantly pleased with all of the amenities that we did recieve during our stay . a beautiful hotel in the chicago loop , but don ' t go expecting to be treated with respect or professionalism . 
this was my first time in chicago and i tell you they really made me feel like a million bucks . i took a taxi straight from the airport and was greeted at the door by a kind gentlemen who offered to help me with my luggage and assisted me to the check-in counter . i made my way up to my room , which was spectacularly bright and well-lit , then i ordered some food . all in all the food was delicious and the staff were fantastic . if i didn ' t have such a short stay in chicago i would have stayed in my hotel room all day ! 
i was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the olympia in seattle . the decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring . biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room . the wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all . i did request a replacement of the wall wire , but it did no help . this hotel can do better than this . with a N star rating , it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but , was just a mediocre experience for me . even the bed covers were not that special . needs more intense management . next time , i will try the trump facility thanks 
stayed here for two days while attending lollopalooza music festival . one of the best locations in chicago , on michigan ave near the tribune and sun-times buildings . an easy walk or bus ride to many attractions . the king sized room was very nice , not large , but with a generous bathroom . service was excellent throughout . check out the awesome swimming pool , straight out of twenties . 
i was initially excited when i found out that my employer was sending me to chicago on business , but i could never have imagined the frustration and irritation that would be heaped on me by the inept staff of the james chicago . when i arrived , my reservation could not be found in their system , although i had made it myself . after some words with the manager on duty , mr . chad montgomery , i was given a room at the previously agreed upon rate . anyone can make a mistake , so i wasn ' t too angry at that point . my room was bland and colorless , in spite of the james ' boasts of their attention to design and detail . the room was mostly clean , but after seeing the stains on the bedding , i am not convinced that they were washed after the room ' s last occupant . i attended a stressful business meeting in the dining room that night , complete with cold and undercooked food served by sloppy , disgruntled waitstaff . afterward i decided that a relaxing spa treatment was in order . i was assured that i would enjoy ' asha ' s purifying shower ritual ' , which would primarily take place in my own room . the shower was okay , but i think i must be allergic to the jojoba oil provided , because i broke out in hives all over my body . next came the ' in-room ' portion . while i was in the shower , five of the foulest smelling candles had been lit in my room . i guess they were supposed to make it smell good , but i began choking on the odor the minute i walked in the room . my masseuse directed me to lie on the bed for the next portion , but his hands wandered a little too much for my liking . i am sure certain areas are not on the massage menu . in closing , if you have ever considered staying at the james chicago , i beg of you to reconsider . with only a handful of positive things to say about the hotel , and a suitcase full of negative ( including a pending court case against the masseuse ) , i can almost guarantee you would regret staying there . i know i do . 
the staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact . the ' welcome back ' sets the tone for your stay . flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful . the house-keeping staff is terrific , helpful and prompt . room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too . pump room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients . well done ! 
i stayed at the fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent . i was given a very large room with great views of the city the breakfast was extremely good and the location was as central as i could have wished for . the pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims . in the evening i spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too . highly recommended as a base for exploring chicago . 
set up an important meeting for some clients at the hard rock hotel chicago . they were flying to chicago for a special trip to checkout the music scene and to discuss business with my company . naturally , they wanted to stay here . the client really seemed to like their rooms , but felt the paul reed smith room was too cramped for our day-long meeting ( N sq ft . ) . in a panic , i contacted the hrh staff and they actually had another , bigger , room available . we quickly moved our meeting in the birdland room for the rest of the day and the meeting was a rousing success . ( birdland room is N sq ft . ) we have a new client and so does hrh . this is where the client wants to stay every time they fly in for future business meetings with us . 
we had reservations ( guaranteed by credit card ) for N nights this past weekend . when we checked in the clerk told us that they could not accommodate us for both nights because they were overbooked due to a conference in town . i asked them to relocate us for both nights so that we would not have to move in the morning . they sent us over to another location that they assured could accommodate us . the night manager gave us the address to a different hotel and sent us on our way . eventually we arrived at the correct second hotel where the staff were expecting a letter from the sheraton for the transfer - something we were never given . eventually we checked into this second property and the next afternoon when our keys didn ' t work we found out that the night manager of the sheraton had not assured that we could stay both nights at the second hotel . so once again we had no place to stay despite having a guaranteed reservation with the sheraton . in addition to all of this , we had to pay N for parking at the sheraton to find out that they would not accommodate us despite a guaranteed reservation . i am still shocked by this bad experience . 
this is my second time here in two months both stays were great . the rooms are very nice and very clean . the staff is terrific and always attentive . my only concern would be there never seems to be anyone at the concierge desk . 
i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience . when i arrived , exhausted after a series of delayed flights , i was told that my room was not ready . not ready at Npm , are you kidding me ! after waiting in the lobby for N minutes i was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds , fine , whatever . i get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a c doesn ' t work . i call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms N . no apology . nothing . im exhausted and deal with my N degree room . when i went to check out the next morning i find out no one even bothered to apply the discount . again , no apology . i have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back . 
i recently stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel . it was my first time staying at this hotel and , i am sorry to say , it was my last time staying there . one of my main issues with this hotel was the amount of noise . the walls must be very thin because lying in bed at night i could hear my neighbors in the next room talking . although i could not quite make out the words of their conversations , i could definitely hear their voices as more than just a murmer . in addition , i was awakened several times by people conversing in the hallway as they walked by my door , presumably on the way to their rooms . admittedly , i am a light sleeper , but this was ridiculous . if you decide to stay here , i suggest that you check your bill very carefully before check out . when i checked mine , i found that i was being charged a rate higher than the one that i was supposed to be charged . i had to wait in line at the front desk for someone to help me ( and the front desk service is woefully slow ) and finally had to ask to speak to a supervisor before the error could be corrected . finally , though i had been told upon check-in that my room had been recently updated , i cannot believe that statement was accurate . the room appeared to be rather dated in its furnishings and decor and the carpet appeared to be somewhat worn . all in all , i round my stay at this hotel to be disappointing . next time i will arrange to stay elsewhere . 
this hotel was magnificent ! not only was it a mini palace , but the staff was polite , helpful , and professional . in an e-mail i received before we left for chicago , the concierge , les , offered to get us tickets , directions , reservations to anything we ' d like to see do . he also got us an upgrade on our room , and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering , the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that . and so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi . the bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning ! 
i stayed at the omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown chicago hotel . i was completely impressed by the service all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding . i checked in quite early ( no problem ) and was efficiently checked in . my room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener ( the only negative from the entire stay ) , which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows . i don ' t generally require much during my hotel stays , but suffice to say the doorman , housekeeping , the night manager and bartender at N , the day waiter at N , and the concierge were amazing - i never waited more than about N seconds for anything . the room was very comfy and the amenities were superior . one very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex coffee paraphernalia . one wastebasket would make all the difference . all that said - what a great hotel ! ! thanks , omni - i had a great stay ! 
this is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the chicago river and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city ! i had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service . if you ' re looking for a vacation in chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort , i highly recommend this hotel and i would definitely come again ! 
upon arriving to the hard rock hotel in chicago , i was immediately impressed . the staff was friendly and checked us in quickly , which is important to me after a long trip . our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style . the bed was very comfortable , including the linens which felt high quality , unlike what you get at some other hotels . all this made for a great night sleep . perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the hard rock hotel was their ' party like a rottweiler ' package we added to our reservation . for an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats , toys and best of all the pet cam ! we left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iphone ! all in all this was a great place to stay and i ' d highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet . 
if you are ever going to visit chicago and need a place to stay i recommend this hotel . this hotel made my stay in chicago one that i will always remember . the rooms were very big and luxurious , everybody was friendly and showed a fabulous display of customer service . the room service always got there when they said it would and it was nice because it was N hours so i could get anything whenever i wanted . the price of this hotel for my stay was unbeatable especially because i got great service and i saved a lot compared to the rates of other hotels in the area and their two restaurants were exquisite . if you are ever going to be in the chicago area and need a hotel to stay in i recommend this hotel ! 
my husband and i stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower for three nights last month . we were celebrating our anniversary , so we decided to splurge on the prestige suite . according to the website , we were to be given either a city or park view , neither of which we had . instead , our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees . the woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient , and the man who helped with our bags was the same . when we got to the room , the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming . the bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink . my husband requested that we be given another room , preferably a clean one , but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available . if given the chance , i would not stay at this hotel again , even if i were offered a free night . 
our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly didn ' t spoil our N nights in this lovely hotel . wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city ! ! our goldish was called oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room ! ! all the staff were really helpful and welcoming , making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable . would certainly recommend this hotel . 
the intercontinental chicago is conveniently located near midway airport so the commute was short and easy . the room had a great view of a lake . room service was available N hours a day and the room came with a coffeemaker where you got complimentary coffee and tea which was great i did not have to go out for my morning cup of coffee . there was a business center that had internet , fax machines , and copy machines that was available for use N hours a day . one of my favorite things was the fitness center which had masseurs , it was exactly what i needed , very relaxing . the food at the eno was some of the best i ever ate especially the chocolate , i never wanted to leave . this was a great hotel experience and i would stay there again . 
apart from the location , great , but it stops there . upon check-in , i was informed i would have a queen bed . i asked for a king size bed , and i was told there would be a charge for going up to a king . give me a break , a surcharge for going from a queen to a king . when i got up to the room , it was like a oven . i could not get the air to work and needed to call twice before getting service . everything in the room had a charge associated to it , even down to the coffee , N . N . now what ' s up with that ? i was very disappointed in the size of the bathroom . very small . i have stayed there twice and with so many other options , i feel this will be my last . 
not one of my better experiences , when i first arrived at the hotel and tried to get my room key it was discovered that they were fresh out of keys . i had to wait half an hour while someone ran out to get more keys . it wouldn ' t have been as bad but the lobby looked to be in slight disrepair . when i finally got to the room i found the burnt out light bulb and an unmade bed . the room was an ok size for one person but any more than that and it would probably get a bit crowded . but the view from the window was amazing , and it took away some of the bad for me . overall , it just felt like the owners of the hotel stopped caring , maintenance took four or so hours to finally come fix the light . i didn ' t even get housekeeping my entire stay there . i wouldn ' t recommend this hotel to anyone in the area , hopefully it will make them get their act together . 
my wife i celebrated our anniversary at the knickerbocker could not have been treated better . before we were out of our cab , our bags had been loaded on a cart we were walked into the hotel by a doorman . the rooms were well appointed the entire hotel staff was very friendly . this is a prime location for shopping , sightseeing or nightlife . 
booked a room w a queen bed for N nights for a wonderful nye , and was rather disappointed . bed was either the world ' s smallest queen , or was actually a double , not to mention it was uncomfortably springy . some of the things in the bathroom had been previously opened and used ( q-tips ) . lots of noise seemed to carry through the vents as we could hear other rooms rather clearly . when the tv was off , there was a very audible high-pitched humming noise that we could not get rid of unless we unplugged the tv . hot water was very inconsistent in the shower . it is in a great location , however , next time i will try one of the other hotels in the area like the intercontinental or marriott . this might not be too bad if you are passing though quickly on business , but i wouldn ' t recommend it for a romantic night or two . 
my wife and i checked in to this hotel after a rough flight from los angeles . we decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel while visiting our recently graduated son , and we were not disappointed . the location could not have been better , as we were afforded easy access to chicago ' s culture and shopping by being just off michigan avenue . after a long day of exploring the city , we enjoyed a fantastic dinner on the terrace overlooking the city . the halibut was cooked just right , and our waiter made us feel very welcome with some friendly conversation . overall , i would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling in chicago ! 
we stayed at the intercontinental for three nights last weekend . it is a located in a fantastic spot on the magnificent mile , right near the chicago river and the nbc building . we had a double room in the main tower . the room was very clean and updated . the staff were very friendly and helpful . the negatives about this hotel is that you have to pay extra to use the fitness centre and internet access . also , parking is high ( N valet day ) . overall , we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel . we paid N on priceline and felt that this was a reasonable price . 
overall i had a very bad experience when hosting a meeting for company , but when my parents came in from out of town and wanted to stay at the swissotel , i thought we should give them another try . turns out my first impression was correct , this is the least friendly hotel i ' ve ever been in ! even the concierge was rude and disagreeable . i could go on and on , but instead i ' ll just say go somewhere else ! 
the hyatt regency chicago is a wonderful hotel . ) me and my husband recently stayed there on a summer vacation , and it couldn ' t have been better ! the staff was very polite and helpful , and the rooms were very clean , and they had some of the best beds i ' ve ever slept on ! not to mention the view was amazing ! if i had to rate this hotel i ' d definitely give it five star , next time i ' m in town i will most definitely stay there again ! 
we were at the hotel allegro for an industry analyst event . i could not have expected worse . at first glance , you figured it couldn ' t be too bad as a kimpton . the unfortunate issue - service and the people were excellent . however , the rooms just sucked . imagine your normal hotel room and N N that size . cramp in a king size bed and add a bathroom that ' s also N N the size . the building has that old hotel smell where things are musky but covered up with some paint smell . the bathroom has showers with modern fixtures but remind you of that nyc studio you rented with N other people out of college . the paints peeling on the base boards , the carpet is new , but something is wrong . i would stay at the marriott , renaissance , westin , or any where else . 
we went to chicago for my Nnd wedding anniversary and stayed at homewood . my first impression was great , very helpful valet employees and very nice . that is one perk of my stay here . otherwise , we had no problems checking in other than the hotel has N floors and when we booked the room we asked that we have the highest room avalible due to the fact that it was my husband first time there and the higher up , the more beautiful the view is . so we got the Nth floor . not what i call ' high up ' when the rooms started on floor N . then the following morning , we went to breakfast of which was ok , nothing great . my husband and i went down in jeans and a sweatshirt but had not really thought about shoes as we thought it would just be a few bagles , some fruit , and that was it . so , we got our food and sat down . after getting stared at for the first N-N minutes , an employee came and told us that we wernt allowed to eat breakfast without our shoes on . remind you , it was about N-N minutes after we had even entered the room . so she asked that we go get shoes while sitting down and eating our breakfast . pretty pointless after we already had gotten our food . i am sure it is because very few employees could speak understandable english that it took so long . last but not least , dont come with a clean car . i had washed my car one day prior to arriving there and when it was returned , it was filthy dirty . 
in from minneapolis and was hoping to stay on michigan ave at hotel . when we arrived we were told a previous guest had extended their stay so we did not have a room . the hotel moved us to another hotel N miles away in a less than desireable location . management on duty was unfriendly and even stated they would call security if we did not leave . they gave us N for cab fare . will never stay there again . happened to numerous guests the same weekend . 
if you have the money , amalfi hotel is the place for you . all the way from it ' s N thread count , egyptian linens to the N hour fitness center . this hotel has anything you would need or want . the rooms are equipped with free wi-fi , Nin plasma televisions , multi-head showers and much , much more . you can do anything from fine dining and wine to working on the computers in the business center , which is equipped with computers free to your use . after a long night at the bar , you can get a complimentary breakfast at each floor . over all the service is great as well . i recommend this hotel to any one from business professionals to young singles looking for a good time . i plan on coming back very soon . 
we got an awesome deal through priceline for a friday - sunday stay at N for each night . the hotel is very centrally located on michigan avenue ' the magnificent mile ' . you can walk to a ton of shops there are plenty of restaurants handy as well . the hotel staff was very friendly , and the room itself was gorgeous . very modern decor . not drab typical like most other chain hotels . if staying in chicago we definitely will be staying there again . price for valet parking overnight was insane ( N day ) , but what do you expect in a big city . 
my stay at the hilton was like living in luxury for a few days . i never wanted to go back home much less leave the hotel . during my stay i could work out in their facility and swim at no added charge . in fact , they didn ' t charge for wifi , morning breakfast or their grocery shopping service . the lobby always had complimentary coffee , tea , soda and meals ! i felt like a queen . this hotel deserves highest marks for service . 
we stayed at this hotel for our last vacation to the windy city . although the hotel looks nice , the service is terrible . the staff was rude and unprofessional and not helpful at all . the room service closes at Npm so don ' t plan on getting hungry after that time . also , even though we stayed for a whole week we had to ask for new towels and extra toiletries . i will never go back to that place 
warning food poisoning alert ! ! ! the room was dirty , the shower had mold and the handle in the shower my daughter cracked her head open on . the elevators were absolutly terrible they made me dizzy every time i went on it . they hade pasta night and they put out a bowl of noodles and sauce and i couple of rolls well you get what you pay for . what was worse is the sauce must of had bad meat in it because my family got so sick . the one thing that was nice was the location which was right by michigan avenue . the second night we left and went to another hotel which was N bucks cheaper and N times nicer . do not stay here 
i stayed here with a dozen of my friends , and more than half of us got eaten alive by bed bugs ! we stayed there from september N - september Nth , but the symptoms ( i . e . the crazy itchiness ) didn ' t come until sunday night when we all got home . i complained to the hotel and basically all they ' re gonna do is cover the cost of our dry cleaning bills . honestly , they should reimburse us , because it was not worth it at all . do not stay at this hotel ! ! ! 
ok , i just feel if you ' re paying well over N for a room you should get something to show for it . the location was on michigan ave but if i pay just a little more i could have had way better ( peninsula , park hyatt , shoot the omni was Nx better ) . we ordered a deluxe executive suite , and it was so below sub par . the room was very small ( so small the ice bucket was in the closet ) , the bathroom was just as small , just well lit ( a plus ) . wallpaper was peeling , outlets barely covered , no view . the only thing appealing was the bed , and that may have been because i was so tired . and we were really excited because this is the palmer house . the palmer house does have nice restaurants the lockwood ( quiet , distinguished ) and the potter ' s lounge ( grown sexy ) 
took a weekend trip with my wife . got a great rate with valet included , paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room . staff was nice , workout facility was great . room has current decor , but was starting to show some wear . watch the concierge , she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us . 
stayed with a group for a bachelorette party , and was disappointed . the hotel is beautiful , the staff was all rather friendly . the main problem was the room sleeping situation . we had booked rooms with N queen beds several weeks before , but received an email a few days before our visit stating they were sold out ( how that happens i don ' t know ! ! ) so they ' upgraded ' us to two ' suites ' with a king and a pull out . first , this meant our party was split up and on different floors . second , that meant two of us were stuck on a pull out couch . ( i ' m not a picky , unreasonable person , but that was the worst ' bed ' i ' ve ever slept on ! it was sunken in the middle so we literally rolled into each other unless we balanced ourselves on the very edge of the bed . then there were the springs poking into our backs all night ! just awful ! for the amount of money we spent i expected to be comfortable ! i would not stay here again after this experience . 
i recently stayed at the homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown , and found it lacking in the quality of their service . the rooms are nice and well furnished , but the service lacks in some areas . some of the complimentary services include fast-speed wireless internet access , cardio-fitness and indoor pool , grocery shopping service and coffee , tea , hot chocolate or cider all day long in the lobby ' s N hour convenience shop . however the wireless internet was spotty at best with really slow speed at times , the indoor pool was far to cold in my opinion and the cardio equipment was left uncleaned . the grocery shopping service was alright , although a bit on the slow side and then finally the coffee and hot chocolate in the N hour convenience shop were both cold and overall of poor quality . rating this hotel on a scale of N to N , i would give it a N at best . 
we really enjoyed our stay ! it is a beautiful hotel and the entire staff is helpful and polite . they had great suggestions on where to eat , what to do , etc . we were within walking distance of many great chicago locations like the navy pier and art institute . the rooms were clean and the beds comfortable , i would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great home away from home in chicago . 
for all the hype and rave reviews of the talbott hotel , it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to not stay there , not the other way around . the talbott hotel website claims to have ' opulent accommodations , impeccable service , and unexpected delights . ' the last time i checked , ' opulent ' had a bit of a different meaning than ' easily outdone by the senile N-year-old landlord of your college apartment , ' ' impeccable ' wasn ' t code for ' rude and unfriendly , ' and ' unexpected delights ' were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel . overall , my stay here simply wasn ' t worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations . for a lot less , i could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment . 
the service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient . the room was more then i has expected . it was spacious and laid out very well . i particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower . the bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable . i believe it ' s the first time i stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room . the location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go . i particularly enjoyed the excellent food at thechina grill which is attached to the hard rock hotel . the service was very good and the staff very friendly . 
our stay was absolutely perfect . its a cool hotel to look at , the design and feel is very trendy and hip . all the staff are terrific , especially the consierge staff-great info and attitude . our room was on the top floor , with great views . super comfy bed , and neat bathroom . fantastic , choose this with no hesitation ! 
i only stayed out with my boyfriend for one night , however enjoyed my stay . the staff was friendly , the room was nice and clean , the hallways and ballrooms etc were elegant . room service was quick and had good options to choose from that actually tasted great . the staff was able to extend our check out time for an extra N-N hours without an extra charge to the room . great location too ! walking distance from the art museum , millennium park , grant park ( right across the street ) and a quick cab ride to mccormick place . if i were in the city again i would love to stay there again . 
the amalfi hotel chicago is perfect for a romantic get-away . my husband and i spent a weekend away from the kids there and i must say , we were impressed by the staff and the accomodations . we especially enjoyed the in-room spa service . i recommend the amalfi to anyone wanting a nice hotel in the downtown chicago area ( you are within walking distance of shopping ) with great customer service and luxury accomodations ! 
i stayed at the hilton chicago during a recent business trip . i elected to go with their executive suite upgrade . all i can say is , ' what upgrade ? ' it ' s barely anything above what you get normally . and for the price i paid , i was expecting much better acommodations . because i arrived around N N the night i checked in ( delayed flight ) i did not get the concierge service as it stops at N . i find that an odd hour to stop a service like that especially when you ' re expecting a guest who has not checked in yet . beyond that , it took them N minutes to get me into my room . first it was a room mix-up , then it was a missing key card . that was extremely frustrating as i was tired and i had a presentation to give the next morning . speaking of the next morning , the complimentary breakfast was a joke . when i just want a stale muffin and a bad cup of coffee for breakfast , i ' ll stay at the next super N i find . and the wireless internet in the room that you actually have to pay for on top of everything else was a horrible connection with angonizingly slow speed . i will not be staying at the hilton chicago every again even though i frequent chicago . this tops out my list of horrible hotel experiences by a long shot . 
we have stayed here several times and have always found it to be clean with comfortable beds . we were given a choice of breakfast or free cocktails which we thought was a nice touch . our room was small but adequate . location was great , close to the l trains and also close to the train station as we always ' walk ' from union station . 
the hotel was not one of the better ones i stayed at . the room was seemingly nice at first , but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it . i had the same sheets for a three days before i called and requested they be changed . also , the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms , which interfered with my sleep . i ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also , and asked for a well done steak , and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor . this is definitely not a hotel i would recommend to anyone . 
i believe i can not describe how amazing was our stay at the james . service was impecable , from the door man to the front desk . location could not be better . yes , you can hear the ambulances in the street from the Nth floor , but , come on , you are downtown , what do you expect . . . . overall noise was not in a level to bother us . the only minor incident was a cleaner that tried to open our room to clean at N pm . . . pm not am ? go figure . . . 
the palmer house hilton is an incredible break from the real world . the lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel , and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks . the lobby is luxe and gilded , with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly , accommodating employees . the rooms are plush , with each bed furnished with a serenity dreams topper for extra comfort . the room decor is modern and sleek , a world from the tacky furnishings in most hotels . for your convenience , there ' s a fully-stocked business center , pool , fitness room and workout area - something to accommodate the solo , business or family traveller . 
stays here while on a business trip in chicago . first off the staff were very friendly and helpful . they were knowledgeable about the things in the area when i needed to find something . i had a king bed room - it was very clean and cozy and the view was great . this is definitely a hotel i will stay at again if my work takes me back to chicago . 
this hotel is trading on the hilton name and although adequate the decor is dated and depressing . although classed as a three star the prices do not reflect this . it was more expensive than other four star hotels in the neighbourhood , the breakfast is poor quality and the room very crowded . all in all the worst hotel we stayed at in a N day tour of canada and the usa . would not stay there again . 
i stayed here for business and loved it . got it for N inc tax on priceline , an incredible deal for this hotel . if i wasn ' t on priceline i would expect to pay N per night ( maybe more ) for this location level of service . it ' s in the heart of downtown chicago , walkable to many locations . the lobby is very impressive , the room was very nice . no complaints at all , from check-in to check-out . i was alone so didn ' t go to the bar but it looked like people were really enjoying themselves . it was full of people all the time . i want to stay here when i come back with my husband for a fun weekend in the city . 
my N gucci sunglasses were stolen out of my bag on the Nth . i filed a report with the hotel security and am anxious to hear back from them . this was such a disappointment , as we liked the hotel and were having a great time in chicago . our room was really nice , with N bathrooms . we had N double beds and a comfortable hideaway bed . we had a great view of the lake and park . the hotel charged us N to check in early ( Nam ) . 
i had purchased this deal of off groupon . lets just say we found a bunch of hidden treasures . when we layed down to sleep in our bed . we lifted our blanket and found very distubing spotting on our bed ( attached in photos ) , we immediatly called the front desk . the only thing they offered was a new set of sheets . when the room service men came to change the sheets he brought us another one with a big red stain on it and quickly hid changed it before we seen it and he apologized and offered to bring us new ones once again . we denied since it was so late and just slept on the sheets the appeared to be clean . then next day i eagerly showed the fronk desk and manager the photos , and they offered me a ( N ) refund . i was very dissapointed , and dirty sheets that made us very uncomfortable and sleepless and i broke out on my face with acne ( i never had a acne or skin issues ) im positive something in those dirtyy sheets . we drove N . N hours to enjoy chicago and we stayed the hard rock based on reputatuion , and unfortunitly we were very disspointed . it was disgusting ! i then wrote a email to management and heard nothing back . not even a response or apology . i just really expected alot more . 
my husband and i recently spent N nights at the ambassador east hotel . we will never stay at this hotel again . for the steep price we paid to stay there , we expected a friendly staff and clean room , which we did not get . first of all , the rooms are not clean . we found a few bugs in our room and the sheets did not look like they have been recently changed . when we reported this information to the hotel staff , they did not do anything to help us out . the staff is very unfriendly . also , there were no clean towels to use in the bathroom . 
the location of this hotel was excellent as it is just beside the subway and the bus stop for the free trolley bus to navy pier is just beside the hotel . the room was very spacious . kind of too big for a solo traveler . the view from the room was excellent and it was a great view to sleep at night . the bathroom was spacious too and the room has a big wardrobe . the kitchen has microwave oven and cooking utensils . some of the cooking utensils were a bit dirty , probably because they had not been used for sometime . however , the microwave oven was very useful as i can heat up food to eat at night . you can easily walk to the magnificent mile by cutting across the shopping mall across the road . do check out pizzeria uno which is near the hotel that serves the delicious deep dish pizza . for cheaper food , do check out the foodcourt at the shopping mall . the hotel also serves breakfast and dinner from mon to thur . i did not find the food that fantastic but it was pretty decent . i will strongly recommend this hotel to everyone going to chicago . 
i was in business in chicago , so i decided to choose what i thought would be a relaxing hotel to treat myself a bit . i should have known when the woman at the front desk rolled her eyes when i asked for some of the complimentary apple cider advertised . she told me , ' it ' s by the signs ' in a ' you-idiot ' kind of voice . too bad the signs were too far away from me to read without my glasses ! i was ashamed and did not ask for anything from the front desk again . the room itself was horribly decorated and nothing special . the ' i ' m too ugly to steal ' furniture patterns and colors did not say ' luxury ' to me ! i went down to relax by the pool with my laptop , to get some work done . unfortunately , the pool was overrun with about five rowdy kids . no parents in sight . i would have reported them to the front desk , but was shamed by the aforementioned apple cider incident . thank god i left my laptop in its case , or it would have been ruined by all of the water that was splashed on me ! the ' free breakfast ' tasted like cardboard it was something akin to a free breakfast at a N-a-night hotel . i only tried it once because it made me feel sick when i ate it . the only good thing about my experience was leaving this overpriced motel behind to go to work ! 
the amalfi hotel has become my absolute favorite place to stay when i visit chicago . this place really knows how to treat their guests . they serve a complimentary breakfast on every floor and even have ipod docking stations in the room ! if you want to watch a movie you can just borrow it from their collection . i took advantage of the free wi-fi and the plush bathrobes . while i stayed there i had to try the spa services that were offered . wonderful experience ! the staff really made me feel comfortable during my stay and i will definitely be staying there again on my next trip to chicago . 
not worth the price , even a little bit . a week prior to scheduled check-in , receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting , of course , upon arrival , nobody knows about it . typical . after nobody was doing anything about it , i notified them of this stay ' s review will be posted on the newly-developing thechicagocritic . com , all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in . too little , too late . very small room with N queens instead of the ' select king ' i was supposed to have . windows didnt open , tv took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable . the faboulous lodge net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests , well there was no check out feature . this shit hole couldn ' t hold a candle to the las vegas hard rock ! 
the hotel allegro in chicago is understated luxury . i love the minimalist decor , and the linens were quality and exquisite . you can ' t beat the location , either , it ' s located in the heart of the theatre district . walking distance to all the great restaurants in chicago ! they also offer an in-room spa service , which is pure decadence . i chose to indulge in the eucalyptus mani pedi . it was by far the priciest manicure and pedicure i have had in my life ( N dollars ) but it was a wonderful experience . the eucalyptus treatments left my hands and feet feeling so soft yet refreshed at the same time . i highly recommend this hotel if you want to experience the finer thingsthis gorgeous city has to offer . 
i took my family to the affinia chicago for a short vacation last summer and it was fabulous . my kids say that their favorite part was the pool and the fact that the amusement park is really close by . my wife was really stoked with spaffina . the pampering and really made her feel special . and they are very attentive to pets also . my dog we left home but he would have been stoked with the pets amenities and attention . the hotel is also connected to a ton of other hotels , so their stash award lets you earn points at a lot of other hotels also . my favorite part of all was that my family was happy and content , which left me free to go over to underground wonderbar for a nice cocktail . 
if you are looking for a true luxury experience , hotel monaco chicago is not the place to go . i stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience . i did not get it . check in was not a pleasant experience . the wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful . the room was ok , no roaches or anything , but it was small and cramped . and the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel . the house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at N Na in the morning . when i asked them to come back later , they gave me a whole N minutes before they came back . and getting extra towels was like pulling teeth . i don ' t know if they thought i was going to steal them or what . the room service food that i ordered was fine , but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time i received it . when i called the front desk to complain , they apologized , but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food . they have a restaurant at the hotel , but i did not bother to try it . the prices were ridiculous , the menu was limited , and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel . i was really disenchanted with this experience . at N plus dollars a night , i received mediocre accomedations and poor service . spend your hard-earned money somewhere else . 
the swissotel is totally understaffed and lacking any charm or atmosphere . it was clean , comfortable and had great views but if you wanted to check-in , use the concierge , check-out , or report a problem to the front desk , forget about it . i booked this place through priceline . com so i can ' t complain too much as i didn ' t pay a lot for the room but i have stayed at N star hotels in the past as well as another swissotel . it left a lot to be desired . the minibar fridge in my room didn ' t work so forget about a cold beer . also , the internet movie guest services console didn ' t work so i had to go to the business office to access the internet . when it was time to checkout the console still wasn ' t working . it ' s better than the holiday inn but way below expectations for a N star hotel 
very beautiful hotel . the historic features of this hotel make it absolutely amazing . this hotel offers many great guest accommodations of which i enjoyed the spacious , tidy rooms . the staff here are very friendly , helpful , and professional . the concierge went out of her way to make sure we knew about the area and not just what was in the hotel . i especially enjoyed the service at the lockwood restaurant here . our server was excellent and the food was delicious ! i must say this hotel exceeded my expectations . all in all , my stay was awesome ! 
i was completely unfamiliar with chicago but needed a place to stay while my husband worked there for a few days and we picked the sheraton chicago hotel and towers based solely on their internet site . wow did i get lucky ! this is a beautiful hotel with all of amenities i could have hoped for , terrific food , and within walking distance of several interesting places , including the art institute of chicago . ashley , at the concierge desk , was particularly helpful at guiding a chicago newbie to the best places to eat ands to see . i will heartily recommend the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . 
at the intercontinental chicago , you pay for more than a room . you pay for an experience . let me elaborate . i was a bit reluctant to pay a premium for location and amenities . like any novice traveller to chicago , i saw the mass glut of cheap accommodations out in the suburbs , and those were originally what i set my sights on . price is a powerful signal , and the sheer discount of those options drew me in . but after doing a bit of research , i realised that distance does have its costs . the price of transit in the chicagoland area isn ' t free . and it ' s far from what i ' m used to . car use is price prohibitive . ( i knew that originally , which is why i wasn ' t going to drive . ) but the sting of using the automobile ( parking , congestion , toll roads , etc . ) gets shoved off onto taxi fares and auto rental . so , i ultimately had to end up looking for a place well connected with mass transit . but mass transit has its costs too , which meant that staying at a focal point downtown had its advantages . that ' s what originally drew me to intercontinental . but intercontinental is much more than the right room at the right place . the decor of the rooms and the amenities available to the guest are unsurpassable . i was travelling on international business , so the ease with which i could transact in foreign currency was a draw . ( they had a currency exchange right there on the premises . ) and the fact that massages , dry cleaning , and event planning were available in-house was a huge plus . my work gets me tied up in knots . it also leaves little time for doing chores . so the ability to grab a massage while my suits were being finished was a relief for me . but , on top of all that , the event planning was what put intercontinental over the top . being able to coordinate a comprehensive tour of chicago while completing my business and managing my personal life was a weight off my shoulders--and something i won ' t forget . in the end , if you ' re a newcomer to chicago staying in a time-crunch , the intercontinental is for you . the pricetag of rooming downtown can seem prohibitive , but when you factor in the convenience and savings in marginal costs , it ' s nothing in the end . and the intercontinental is not only price-competitive with the other downtown options , it also makes staying downtown the convenience and thrill it should be . 
we have been for the first time in chicago and stayed in the swissotel for five nights , a wonderful place . room was on the Nth floor , absolutely clean and nice and a breathtaking lakeview . breakfast perfect and service really good . people were always helpful . it ' s a little bit far from magnificent mile and the loop , but in front of the hotel there are buses ( numberN ) waiting there next turn , not a real bus stop , but drivers are frindly and you can get on the bus . next time going to chicago we will again stay in the swissotel . 
do not stay at this hotel ! a friend and i booked a N-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in chicago . though it was a bit pricy , we decided on the knickerbocker because it was in a great location , and the rooms looked large and well-kept . our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time . however , despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay , when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an hour until we were allowed up to our room . the concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us , and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late . to top it off , the maid service was terrible . the only thing they seemed to do was make the bed no vacuuming , no fresh towels , etc . we didn ' t want to stay the third night , but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee . this hotel is way too much money for the services they provide , you ' d be better off staying in a motel N . 
fantastic hotel ! upscale and luxurious , and in a great location ! rooms are spacious and comfortable and the staff goes out of their way to treat guests like royalty ! the rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean , the beds are comfortable and even the bathrooms were to die for ! my husband and i had a great time in the lounge and enjoyed many of the amenities . i would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone , and can ' t wait to get back there myself ! 
this hotel cannot be beat for location , price , atmosphere . the location is ideal , at the corner of state kinzie . there are fantastic restaurants bars all around , including house of blues harry caray ' s . we stayed in a ' corner king ' room . the room was amazing . two of the four walls are floor to ceiling windows . even just being on the Nth floor , we had great views of the surrounding area . the decor and amenities are unmatched . the decor is very clean simple but luxurious . the hotel is easy to miss from street level , but shouldn ' t be . the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating . its a perfect home base if your plans revolve around river north , state street shopping , or clark street nightlife . even if you ' ll be on the mag mile , this is a short cab ride away . we ' ve officially named this our downtown hotel of choice ! 
i was going to chicago last month and wanted a nice hotel that was close to restaurants and shops . i did some research and believed the intercontinental would suit my needs . i sure was not disappointed by my decision ! this hotel lots of historic charm . despite being a larger hotel , the service was top shelf ! the rooms , while not large by any means , were extremely well-appointed and very comfortable . my kids loved the big swimming pool that the hotel offered . as for me , i was more impressed with the location to the magnificent mile . the hotel also has a nice restaurant on-site . the food was very good and , just like the hotel itself , the restaurant provided perfect customer service . dollar for dollar , the intercontinental in chicago is a great deal and i will be staying there again . 
this hotel has a good name and a good location in chicago . unfortunately i was very unsatisfied with this hotel . this is a luxury hotel , so you are paying luxury prices . so , i expect to get my money ' s worth . unfortunately that was not the case at the intercontinental . firstly , my room was surprisingly small and unclean and could probably use a renovation and an upgrade in the furniture . again , this is supposed to be a luxury hotel , and it ' s expensive . i shouldn ' t be worried about why the carpet and other parts of the room seem dirty . i also had trouble getting the room to the temperature i wanted . i ' m not sure if there was just a problem with the air condition in my room or if it ' s a problem in the whole hotel . the building is old and i suppose it has a lot of problems from being old . secondly , i was disappointed with the quality of the service from the hotel ' s staff . i thought they were somewhat rude and inattentive . thirdly , this hotel has a lot of additional expenses . i felt like they wanted to overcharge me every chance they got ( use of the fitness amenities , internet , etc ) . when i ' m already paying so much for a hotel room , i get very irritated when i feel i ' m being nickel-and-dimed every chance they get . this hotel has a nice looking building , and again , it ' s in a terrific location . but i really don ' t think it ' s worth the expense . there are so many other hotels in chicago to choose from that are so much better . 
hard rock hotel is a must to visit . no matter what city your in hard rock hotel is the place to stay . filled with fun and unique traits to the rooms and dining . this hotel is the place to be . great views in every location , especially chicago . the service is incredible along with the food and decor . the hotel staff will help you feel right at home , no better than home ) 
before booking this hotel , i did read the reviews , and i was concerned . i ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation . big mistake ! ! the temperature in chicago was a balmy N degrees , and the temp in the room that they gave us was about N degrees . when we called to complain at N N am , they told us to turn the temp down to Ndegrees . we went back at N Npm . it was still humid , the beds were moist the room very stuffy . called again , they sent somone to fix it , he recommended getting a new room , because the room will not cool down . they told us they were booked , yet , after the maintenance man called , they suddenly had a room available , go figure ? so they move us to another room , guess what , it is N degrees . again , they told us to turn it down to N , needless to say , it never cooled down we should have just slept on the street . we travel a lot , and we stayed here one night , and it was awful ! ! . at check out , i had to re-tell our entire room issue , they actually ended up not charging us for the night , thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay , because we would never go back . also , the room decor is very old and stuffy . if your going to chicago , don ' t stay at the millenium knickerbocker ! ! 
maybe it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - couldn ' t get a room thru fairmont website as busy weekend with ryder cup . . . . . but never have had this experience in using priceline before . the night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful . we were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room . we had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries . this hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby . hallways , rooms , carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont . i have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst . maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated . . . we paid as much as other guest and i ' m a fairmont gold member . positives - great location , daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy . views could be great if you get a higher room . checked out the raddison blu across street - looked much nicer ! ! ! 
this hotel is ok but is not the best for the money . first of all the parking prices are exorbitant . i know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high . also , the service at this hotel was poor . i felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general , and the staff at the palmer house seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us . in addition i feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet . also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you . i would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about the palmer house . 
this hotel was an absolute dream to stay in . i couldn ' t have picked a better hotel to spend in such luxury . i enjoyed the set up of the rooms and the space they offered . the room decor was extremely elegant and the location was great as well . i honestly felt like i was at a spa ! the price was very reasonable as well . i would definetly recommend this hotel to everyone i know . if you ever get a chance to spend a night here definetly choose the suite rooms ! ! ! 
let me first start by saying i have always been pleased with the conrad hotels and that is why i chose the conrad chicago . i was very disappointed in the level of service . N phone calls to get maintenance to fix the bathroom sink , unpleasant experience in the terrace resturant , front desk not aware of room eminities , and a very uncaring mod ! all the conrad hotels i have stayed at have been N star but not this one . i have to give it N stars ! ! ! ( 
i stay at this hotel N times a year on business and love it ! the staff are great , the rooms are spacious and clean , and the location is perfect for shopping and dining on michigan ave . plus if you sign up for omni select membership ( for free ) you get free wireless internet access . 
i stayed at the hotel one night . the hotel is excellent , comparable quality than marriott and sheraton , perhaps superior , but the location is definitely much better . whatever your trip purpose is , business or leisure , you can drop your bags and take a walk on the magnificent mile . loved it ! 
amazing and beautiful ! i stayed two nights here and the room was immaculate . all of the staff were extremely nice and welcoming . the food was delicious and fixed to perfection . the entire hotel was clean , warm and inviting . will definitely stay here again and recommend to any of my friends traveling to the area . 
sofitel chicago water tower is a four star hotel that is minutes aways from the magnificent mile , navy peir , the museum of contemperary art , lake michigan and upscale boutiques . this hotel is great for tourest . it has N great rooms and N high end sweets . it has a modern diesighn and rich arcitechusall legacy . it has great food and out door dinning it also has a great veiws , while drinking wine and champane cotails in there amazing bar . overall this hotel is by far the best hotel ive stayed in . 
the omni chicago really delivers on all fronts , from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on michigan avenue . while this address in chicago requires a high level of quality , the omni delivers . check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under N minutes , the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events , and the rooms are some of the largest you ' ll find at this price range in chicago . even the ' standard ' room has a separate living area and work desk . the fitness center has free weights , weight machines , and two rows of cardio equipment . i shared the room with N others and did not feel cramped in any way ! all in all , a great property ! 
if you ' re looking for luxuary , look no more . the conrad is the best . i was in chicago on business , and had to stay much longer than anticipated . a coworker suggested this hotel and boy am i glad he did . the location is perfect , you ' re close to everything . the best part is the conrad is a smoke free hotel . i ' ll be back soon . very satisfied 
 my wife and i ' s stay at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers proved to be the perfect complement to our time spent visiting and exploring the windy city . upon our arrival , we were immediately welcomed by the beautiful design of the first-floor lobby and the friendly demeanor of the desk and bell service staff . in seemingly no time at all we were in our clean and well-furnished room with a beautiful and peaceful view of lake michigan . in terms of accommodations , i have never personally stayed at a hotel that i could complement more . on our very first night , my wife took advantage of a message therapy session while i swam a few laps in the heated indoor swimming pool . we followed our time apart with a very relaxing time at the chi bar , which had a very enlivening and laid-back atmosphere . retiring to our rooms , i couldn ' t help but remark to my wife about the quality of our room and the bed in particular . i had a very comfortable night ' s sleep and woke up just on time thanks to a spot-on wake up call from the desk staff . after a quick bite to eat the lb bistro , we headed out to sight-see . overall , i can ' t recommend the sheraton chicago hotel and towers enough . as far as this customer is concerned , it is the only place to stay if you are in the chicago area and are looking for accommodations with the best customer service , atmosphere , and amenities . i couldn ' t recommend it more . 
my experience at the ambassador east hotel was truly terrible . i went to chicago with my husband and children to attend a wedding . this hotel was recommended by the wedding party . it was a terrible choice . despite the special discount we got because of the wedding , the hotel turned out to be very expensive compared to other nearby hotels . the staff and amenities were also very unfriendly to children . my kids were absolutely terrified of several members of the staff who scowled at them and yelled at them for no reason . the place was also very formal and stiff and decorated with a lot of breakable and expensive items . my son narrowly avoided breaking a vase when an ill tempered bellhop nearly ran him down with a luggage cart . overall , i would say i was very displeased with the staff , the hotel ' s attitude towards children , and the expense of the hotel . on the plus side , our window had an excellent view of the city . still , i would not return here again . 
my husband and me reserved a room online for the chicago hilton . we were looking for a quit few days away from home and work . unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for . first of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos . the floors looked like they haven ' t been cleaned in a while in the check in area . the room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side . the staff was horrible . we had asked for a turn down service it was never received . i would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone . chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the hilton . 
having made regular business trips to chicago , i decided to stay at the hotel monaco chicago , since it was fairly new and i had a friend that had stayed there . the lobby was quite small , which surprised me with a name like monaco . as a matter of fact i found the furnishings to be quite drab . a boy took my luggage and showed me to the suite . it was two rooms , not as spacious as i would have liked , an entertainment room , and a bedroom with a standard television . can you imagine , i was expecting h . d . , but it was just ordinary cable . for N a night you would expect a N inch set . the bath was ordinary , nothing special , but the bed was a very big king . the view did not take in the lake , unfortunately , just the magic mile . well , i am starving so time to eat . the restaurant was well appointed , i hope the food was as good . i ordered lamb chops , potatoes au gratin and mint sauce . it was fair . i hope the rest of my trip si better than my accomadations . i would give this hotel a two and a half , but i would not return . 
this review has two parts . . . i advise reading both . chapter one the actual hotel and staff i found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating . the room was nice and clean as well . i have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff . this is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the south to reach the riverfront , or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the north . very easy ( one block ) walk from the subway ( red line ) . the morning complimentary breakfast is substantial . not just muffins and coffee . you can have a complete breakfast here if you want . and , even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient . i would recommend this hotel if based solely on the physical location , the room , and the staff . chapter two the nightmare i booked this room through central reservations in july for a mid-september arrival . the rate was quoted to me as N per night for four nights . when the confirmation was emailed to me , it was incorrect by over N . i immediately called the hotel . they said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount . i did receive the corrected confirmation email . . . all done ? no . one week later , my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged . i called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve . when i explained the error , i was literally called a liar by the person in reservations , and told ' that ' s not my problem . i can ' t help you ' . . . and then told that i have to pay the higher amount . excuse me ? now , i go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance . after a few left messages , i get the general manager to call me back , and discuss the issue . after taking down all of the names of people i spoke with , he assures me that he will credit the account immediately . i even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc . . . one week later , still no credit . so , i call the general manager again . oh , this might take up to N hours to process , i am told . so , please give it another week . another week passes , still no credit . so another call to the manager . i am told now that the credit has been processed , and he even sends me an email confirming our ' agreement ' for the credit , just to appease me . another week passes . still , not seeing that credit that was ' definitely processed ' a week ago . yet another call to the general manager on the day before i am to leave on my trip to chicago . i told him i will be arriving , and at this point , i want to see him personally , and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while i am there . remember , we are now talking six weeks and this is still not resolved . i arrive at the hotel , and to make a long story short , the general manager was never available to see me , nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me . the only person i spoke face to face with , was the assistant general manager . he was completely unconcerned with my situation , and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of ' you realize this boils down to a matter of ' he said she said ' ' . . . what ? ? ? ? today , my trip is over , and i have flown back home . i still have not received the credit to my account ! ! ! i will absolutely be reporting all of this to hilton corporate customer service , and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point . take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel . 
while the james was once considered an elegant , chic establishment , it has lost its luster . the small rooms are filled with cheap ikea type furnishings , our tiny bathroom flooded with water that escaped the shower curtain . showers and flushings from neighboring rooms sounded more like protective levies collapsing . the N small elevators could not handle the guests , and many of us were forced to walk down several flights of stairs rather then wait for extended periods of time . the thin windows could not contain street noise and sidewalk conversations were heard throughout the night . it was rather provocative to listen to the couple next door carousing , but also rather tacky unsettling . it took more then N minutes for the valet to bring our car after we checked out . this hotel has lost it and the james sysndicate will have a difficult time competing in new york ' s soho when they try to open in september . new yorkers will not tolerate shabby incompetence . 
i recently stayed at the talbott hotel for N nights and i could not have been more disappointed . it was a terrible experience . long wait to check into room since room wasn ' t ready even though i arrived way after the check in time . front desk was very rude . was given a smoking room when i had requested non-smoking . room service left a lot to be desired . the food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing . the staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly . had no toilet paper in room . room was very noisy . could hear people next door opening doors , watching tv , talking . the room was very dingy , small and had a musty odor . needless to say i will not be staying here again nor will i be recommending this hotel to anyone else . stay away from this hotel . not worth the money . 
eww ! what a sickening affair the hotel monaco chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong . i stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms . i seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee . . . i stayed in chicago for a week i stayed at the hotel monaco for one night ! 
as a frequent traveler for both business and pleasure , clean and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price are important to me . homewood suites chicago provides all of that and more ! the room was spacious and immaculately kept , with all the tools you could need to prepare a meal in the full-sized kitchen . after a busy work day , it was wonderful to be able to kick back in front of the huge flat-screen television to relax , with a spectacular backdrop of the city outside . i will definitely book a room next time in chicago and i ' ll definitely continue to stay at homewood suites in other cities . 
my wife and i spent our honeymoon in chicago this summer . during this time we stayed that the hotel allegro . i knew this would be a positive experience from day one when i actually booked our reservations , the staff was very knowledgeable and courteous , and the whole process was quick , easy , and painless . upon actually checking in the day of our honeymoon , the customer service was there again the staff again made us feel at home and at ease . the rooms were beautiful and the spa service is excellent . five stars and two thumbs up . 
when i first looked at the hotel monaco chicago - a kimpton hotel ' s website , the hotel looked very pleasing and a great place for me to stay during my visit to chicago . the problems began when i called to make a reservation . the woman who answered was very rude , to say the least . i had a few questions about the spa services . she rushed through what sounded like she was reading through a brochure . i decided that i shouldn ' t let one person ruin my experience with the hotel so i made a reservation and soon i was in chicago . the front desk service was very pleasant when i arrived , and the room seemed clean , other than the mysterious stain on my bedsheets . i got dressed up and went down to the bar area for a drink and appetizers . it took over thirty minutes for any worker to approach me for an order . yet two other parties that walked in after me were served right away . i was baffled considering i was dressed nice and in a fairly good mood considering it was my first trip to chicago . needless to say i will not be staying at this hotel again . 
the omni chicago hotel i am a business woman who travels a great deal out of a month , therefore , my accommodations must meet the highest standards . i was booked for a stay at the omni chicago hotel , located in what is referred to as ' the magnificent mile ' in the greater chicago area . ' magnificent ' , it was ! the beautifully red-bricked sky scraper was indeed a breath- taking sight and upon entrance , i had a felling of warmth from the very hospitable welcoming staff . i was impressed with the hotels special rates offered during prime business hours and the guest rooms ranged everything from ' the presidential suite to the governors suite ' . i accepted a more humble room as i would not need to spend very much time there during the day . i did stay inside most nights and the amenities were more than satisfactory . i enjoyed the very spacious exercise room and afterwards , i would take a quick dip in the pool . i toured the hotel as my niece is planning her wedding and just so happens to live close to the hotel . the ' chagall ballroom ' , was elegant enough for such an occasion and reeked of pure luxury . i was given very adequate maps and directions to and from as my business was conducted throughout the city . that was a life saver . all in all , my experience was more than favorable and i would definitely stay there again along with recommending it to anyone . 
wow . here is a place to never hold an event . first , no one smiles , including the bartenders . doesn ' t anyone here know they are in the hospitality business ? the bartender was N years old . why do i know that ? because , she stated to another employee that ' when you get to be N years old , you tell it like it is . ' very specifically , she was referring to the fact that she could tell her employers how they should run things . wow . the room was set up the wrong way for the event . the food was just plain bad . N at a ponderosa would have been as good . however , this is the swisshotel . oh , let ' s go back to the bartender telling us , unsolicited , about all the problems with the hotel . man , you just have to wonder how a place like this stays in business . N for valet . ouch . anyone asking you if you need something , like help ? no . does management make excuses ? you bet . do you ever want to hold an event here ? big no . 
how should i start ? well , after staying at the ambassador east hotel , i realized it was my favorite hotel ever . the rooms are amazing . the food is great . the pump room bar is awesome . i love this hotel . if your ever in chicago , the ambassador east hotel is the place to go . 
this hotel was perfect for our girls getaway . the decor is fun refreshing . loved the roof top bar . every staff member was friendly always smiling . the location is perfect for michigan ave shopping , the beach , dinner and night life . it was a mile or two from millenium station . the concierge recommended a couple places to hang out after dinner and added our names to the guest list ( i ' m sure they do it all the time but still a nice gesture ) . 
my daughter ' s broken heart my daughter loves american girl and for her birthday wanted to go to american girl doll in chicago . for six months my eight year old counted day the day until we left for chicago when she could have the experience of a lifetime . we arrived at the talbot hotel where we had reserved the american doll girl package only to find out that they had given our room away and that they were going to move us across town . if that wasn ' t bad enough we had to spend an hour to find out if the american girl carriage ride had been canceled or if we should book another one . my daughter sulked for most of the trip as we spent more time going from thing to thing instead of being able to walk . my daughter cried herself to sleep the first night and i could tell that her heart was broken . 
i was looking for an unique , hip experience in a hotel that offered the convenient location of downtown chicago . my choice for hotel was obvious hard rock hotel chicago . if you are wondering whether hard rock hotels are schmaltzy or cliche , they are not . hard rock hotel chicago is modern , trendy and hip . it had an air that this was where musicians came to rock among the N stories , and there are details that you won ' t find elsewhere . for example , one interesting perk is some free itunes downloads ( i got ten ) for guests . it ' s a fun place , hosting events such as jack daniel ' s Nth birthday . 
after reading the reviews on this hotel , i decided to book my stay for july Nth weekend here and i am glad i did , this hotel is absolutely beautiful . our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows . i do have N complaint . the bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great , but other than that i loved it . i would definitely stay there again . 
the recently remodeled affina was amazing - from the N choice pillow menu to the stocked ' pantry and refrigerator ' to the brand name bathroom ammenities . within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need , the affina is a great hotel . the staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs . having never stayed in downtown chicago before , the affina over and above exceeded our expectations . although our trip to chicago was only for one night , we will consider staying at the affina again for a future visit . 
i loved staying at the hard rock hotel in chicago , not only is it an amazingly friendly atmosphere , but they give me the option to bring my pet with me . they are a dog friendly hotel , it costs N . N a night for the dog to stay with you , but that beats the costs of paying a kennel to keep or your dog or a neighbor to watch them for you . i loved this option . they also give your animals a gift bag filled with treats , food , bowls and doggy clean up bags . i higly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a place to bring your four-legged friend with you when you travel . 
the ambassador east hotel is a terrible place to stay . all of the rooms are old and dirty as though they haven ' t been cleaned or remodeled for years . the hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating . do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees . 
i am not much of a complainer , as you can see when reviewing my other posts on this site , but the talbott provided such bad service that i feel the need to warn future travelers to chicago my girlfriend and i stayed at the talbott for N nights in late july N . the first sign that something was wrong come during the initial booking of the room over the phone . the receptionist was outright rude , but took the reservation without a mistake . during our stay the hotel and restaurant staff was extraordinary incompetent , the waiters , the managers , nobody was friendly , nor tied to accommodate us . ------------------------ we and many others who stayed at the hotel attended a wedding reception close by and had arranged the hotel bar to remain open from N-N to have an after hour ' s party . the hotel manager had assured us that this was secured and done in the past upon such occasions . when we returned from the reception at N Npm the bar was closing and the night manager and hotel staff were very rude to me and my friends . ' nobody told us , we can ' t do anything for you . ' ' are you sure that you arranged this ? ' two quotes so typical for this hotel ' s staff that i know that i will never stay at this hotel again . i understand that mistakes are made and that communication can be difficult across different shifts in a hotel , but blaming the customer so being confused and failing to arrange what i know had been arranged for and was later confirmed by the day staff is too rude even for my taste . ----- 
i was visiting chicago for a christening with my fiance . i was impressed with this hotel from the moment i checked in . the lobby was exceptionally modern with color and furnishings . front desk staff was pleasant and helpful , especially susan , who quickly suggested and reserved a table for us at keefer ' s steakhouse for a late dinner . the room itself was fabulous . extremely comfortable king sized bed , dual head shower , breathtakingly beautiful views of the city , i couldn ' t ask for more . after a great nights sleep we awoke to a great free breakfast right outside our room ! next we enjoyed a couple ' s massage and i was treated to a facial as my fiance took a short run through the city . after a day full of shopping we retired to our room and ordered room service that was on time and delicious . unfortunately we checked out the next day , because i could have stayed there forever . i fully recommend the amalfi hotel chicago for everyone interested in a superior stay . it is truly a beautiful and well appointed hotel . 
ok , we are back from the knickerbocker and i would give it the best rating . i can ' t believe the bad reviews . i got a priceline deal , and i still got a fine room , clean , up-to-date furnishings ( ok a little traditional for my taste ) and smoke free . someone said in another thread that some people write prank reviews . i think such people should get a life because people want to read the truth . here it is from my point of view . both rooms on Nth floor . regarding the size of the rooms . we had two rooms . one was a N double bed room . it was about N ' x N ' . each double bed had valences that were kind of mini-canopies . the furniture , bathroom tile , shower ( no tub ) , wall paper and paint had been done in the last few years . a chinese inspired cabinet held tv , coffeemaker , ice bucket , and mini-bar . three separate levels ( tv , ice coffee , and minibar ) the other room was called ' queen executive ' . this one had queen bed with more of a canopy than valence , sofabed , two tvs and terry bathrobes . also about the same size but different configerations . one tv faced the bed , other in the three level cabinet , the sofabed . smoke in the lobby . there is a bar to the right of the entrance . it is an open arrangement so that i am sure the smoke comes from bar to entrance door . no smoke smell in no-smoking rooms . cost of rooms N on priceline plus taxes . very good value one block from n . michigan ave . only complaint . concierge said that the free trolley didn ' t go down michigan ave to field museum museum complex when in fact it does . was this ignorance ? or trying to throw more business to taxi ? either case , not good . he said at this time of year free trolley only goes to navy pier during winter . . . . which is clearly incorrect . 
our third stay at the homewood suites chicago proved to be just as great as the previous two . the staff are consistently friendly , polite and professional - and this applies whether they are working at the front door , servicing the rooms , managing the breakfast room or on the reception desk . they genuinely seem happy to be working here and can ' t do enough for their guests . the rooms are large and clean and seem to have good insulation from each other ( we didn ' t hear a thing from our neighbours and the hotel was quite busy ) . the hotel is well placed for walking to the shops on michigan ave , or catching a bus or subway . there is a jewel osco and a trader joes each within a couple of blocks , which are perfect for stocking up on groceries etc . my husband heartily recommends ' binnies beverage depot ' for a huge variety of beer . now all we need is an excuse to return to chicago next year - then we can make it four years on the run at the homewood suites , because we wouldn ' t stay anywhere else ! 
a lovely hotel in a trendy part of chicago which gives it a much more comfortable feel than the downtown hotels . the rooms are very , very well appointed , but not large , and the quality of the materials is wonderful without exception . unfortunately , the service was below average in every way they failed to deliver laundry by an important and assured deadline valets didn ' t deliver the car and had to be asked twice the concierge gave us miserable directions that got us lost , and the front desk was unable to rectify any issue . it amazed me that so much incompetence could happen in N hours ! and even after recognizing their shortcomings , not one sincere or significant apology . a poster child of how bad service cannot overcome a well-built , well-furnished hotel . 
i stayed in the sofitel chicago water tower hotel with my husband and two kids last weekend , and will definitely use this hotel again for future travels . the spacious rooms with modern , innovative furniture and comfortable beds was a great contrast to the small , dismal rooms and rock-hard beds that i have found at other hotel chains . the bathrooms were neat , tidy , and well-stocked with towels and personal needs such as toilet paper , shampoo , and soap . the carpet was clean ( not stained and dingy like some hotels ) , the room decor was astounding , and the view from our window was wonderful . i enjoyed every aspect of this hotel stay , from the courteous staff at check-in to the ease of requesting room service and checking out . thanks for making me feel right at home ! 
we always stay at the sheraton chicago hotel towers when we take our kids to the city . you can ' t beat the location which is in walking distance of navy pier and michigan ave . the hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous fox obel , a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast . the hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds . my kids enjoy the pool with it ' s windows that overlook the chicago river . 
oh my ! more like a dank museum than a four star hotel ! i read so many reviews on this hotel that i was sure my husband and i wouldn ' t be disappointed on spending our Nth wedding anniversary in the heart of chicago at such a luxurious hotel ! all the reviews sounded great so i feel awkward writing this , but i have to be fair - this place was a major disappointment . while the location is superb , the images online must have been taken over N years ago because all of the decor when we visited looked very old and faded . i noticed dirt everywhere - the fabric on the furniture was stained , the baseboards and woodwork were scratched and dirty and there seemed to be a smell of mold and mildew that permeated the entire hotel . even though the food was great , the linens , glassware and silverware were not sparkling - it sort of helped that candles were lit so i didn ' t focus too much on how dreary and washed out the dining facility was . i didn ' t realize experiencing history would actually mean staying at a hotel that ' s living in the past ! this was barely a two star hotel and i do not recommend staying here at all . 
we booked N rooms for N nights on hotwire over labor day weekend . we arrived at the hard rock at around N N a . m . , and they were able to give us our rooms early . hooray ! we were on the Nth floor ( beatles theme ) . the rooms were very comfortable . one of our rooms was on a corner , and had lots of windows . the other was was a bit larger with fewer windows . not a great view from our side of the hotel , but we didn ' t pay for a room with a view . the beds and pillows were extremely comfortable , the bathroom was full of aveda products , and there was a bathrobe in the closet . the tv dvd stereo combo was nice , but we weren ' t in the room a lot to use it . we were warned by the front desk not to even touch the snacks drinks as they were weighted and we ' d be charged . no problems there . we did not make use of the free fitness center , because the weather was perfect . my husband was able to go for a run through grant park along the waterfront instead . he said it was wonderful . we did use the free internet in our rooms . it was ' wired ' internet , but my stepdad said that was better for him anyway . the room was a bit dim at night , but we were able to read just fine using the bedside lamps . there was virtually no hall elevator noise . the location of the hard rock is ideal . it is easy to get breakfast at the corner bakery , just blocks to either grant park , the art institute , state street shopping , or michigan ave . to sum up , there was absolutely nothing to complain about . we would be glad to stay here again any time . 
i reserved the ' rock star ' suite for my boyfriend ' s birthday months and months in advanced . when we arrived at the hotel monaco , they told us that they doubled booked the room . this was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available . they tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn ' t even use . i felt we were taken advantage of because we were young . the doorman didn ' t make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn ' t the first time they did this for the ' rock star ' suite . however , the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake i ordered . if it wasn ' t for the room confusion - it would have been a wonderful stay . 
i had originally chosen the conrad chicago hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance . however , i later learned that i had made a poor choice . upon arrival , the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk . although , when we reached out hotel room , we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite . my family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds . the clerk , after a twenty minute waiting period , was able to find us a suitable room . upon entering , the room was noticably hot . we turned on the air conditioning , and after waiting for thirty minutes , the room remained muggy and humid . i called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room . they promised a repairman within ten minutes . N hour later i called again and remined them that the repairman hadn ' t shown up . they once again promised a speedy repair . while waiting , i discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp . i called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level , but i had to go get them . after all this trouble , i argued that they should bring it up to me , but in the end , i wound up going to get it myself . after returning to my room and waiting another N minutes , the repair man had not shown up . so i called again , and within N minutes the repairman came . he managed to fix the air conditioner , but it was about Nam . we were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off , but as the night went on , we noticed another problem . the air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds . it also emitted a strange odor . upon checking with the front desk , we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired . there were not available rooms left , and being so fed up with this hotel ' s poor service , we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel . i don ' t recommend the conrad chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time . 
from checkin to departure a poorly run hotel . it took N minutes in line to check in because only one clerk was on duty . another person , perhaps the manager , was in the back room but never came out to help the check in clerk even as the line grew . the hotels elevators are small resulting in N minute waits to get up and down floors , especially when N of the N breaks , as seems to be frequent occurence . after specifically asking for a room away from the elevators , i was assigned to a room directly across from them , necessitating another N minute wait in line . the room smelled of mildew and water dripped from the ceiling the first night . i requested a news paper be delivered to my room - it appeared on the morning and never again . basically , the hotel is understaffed and poorly trained . never again ! 
affinia hotel in chicago was one of the most interesting hotels i have ever stayed in . everything looks very nice and fancy , though the people that work there must be from the projects of chicago . the customer service was the worst i have ever experienced in my life ! when we went to check in , first we had to wait about N minutes for the N workers that were at the desk to stop their personal conversation and check us in . when the women at the counter finally acknowledged us , she was smacking her gum , and was upset and treating us like we were inconveniencing her ! the room service brought us cold eggs for breakfast , and the attitude of the staff overall was extremely rude . i would never go back , and i hope this place gets a staff makeover if they want to stay in business . 
this is a tough one to review . . . as the star ratings were from N star to N and had to figure out an average . . . . N is where it was . here are my tips and props complaints room N star . i had a corner suite . the room was pretty nasty actually ( N . . stay away from it ! ! ! ) . there was a constant banging noise from above . when i first got in i thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding . after an hour , i knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong . well , the sound continued on for N days . not that i minded too much as i keep things on for white noise . . . but it sure would bug others . also , there were about N cig burns on the carpet and sofa . in addition , it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa . also , there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat . i could not imagine all the dna left on that thing either . gags bathroom nice size but not great . the faucet was lose ( really lose ) and the toilet would not flush right . service great . everyone i encountered did a great job making me feel welcome . good stuff . food i had meetings there , so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made . it was really good . . . much better than most hotels . bar very cool . good music , great service and good drinks . the scene was decent as well . small bar , but was not cramped . so , maybe other rooms are nicer . . . well hell they better be . regardless , if one room is like that ( especially a ' suite ' ) , i have to think others are like that as well . it is too bad though . the views are great and they actually have windows that open . . . big shocker for the city in general ! 
we choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel . not only is the rooftop terrace on the Nth floor , but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay . we did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there . there is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte . keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet . also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order . we have stayed at the omni before and it as a much better experience . i dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel . 
this is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities . everyone was helpful . the breakfast buffet was wonderful . the bed was ' just like home ' . we would definitely stay again . a nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home . it was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best . 
i stayed at palmer house for one night in early january this year . during the check in , the front desk lady asked me to show my confirmation letter of my reservation . i did not bring the confirmation with me because i had not been asked to present it in other places during check in . so she asked to print out one copy in their business center and bring the confirmation to the bell station to get the room key . i did what she told me and went to the bell station . however , people at the bell station was totally confused and none of them have the key . a bellman was nice enough to help me go ask their staff at the front desk . i finally got checked in after waiting at the lobby for about N minutes . as other people pointed out before , the room i got was small and old with a twin bed , and i could hear people next door using the bathroom . this was not a pleasant experience , even though i paid over N dollars to the hotel . 
great hotel ! the staff is friendly , corteous , and professional . they made me feel like i was a returning guest which i was not ( but i will be ! ) . the rooms were very clean and i slept well in the comfy bed . they have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that i took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside . my only issue was the battery for the tv remote died . however , a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about N minutes ! N stars ! ! ! 
just wanted to let everyone know if you are looking for a hotel with high rise construction next door the swissotel chicago is the one for you . my wife and i went there last year and there was just an empty lot next door , this year there is a loud construction site next door . so N am saturday morning you will hear the workers starting . i am sure once the summer in chicago comes around they will work all night . just think as they keep adding floors you will be able to look the workers in the eye and wave from your room that used to have a view of the navy pier . now you will get an up close and personal view of people pouring concrete . on top of it the hotel is doing construction of there own . the front of the hotel is block and lucky for us the protestors that are standing in front of the hotel were able to tell use where the new entrance was . the protestors were there because the swissotel hired a company to redo their sound system that does not hire union workers . if you ask the workers about the noise and they say we can ' t hear it . i am sure the swissotel does not want word getting out about this . if you insist on trying it for yourself don ' t pay for your room in advance they will not let you out of the room and then you are stuck . 
the sheraton was a wonderful hotel ! when me and my mom flew in we were really tired so we decided to take a quick nap . we didnt want to get up ! the beds are absolutely to die for . i wanted to take it home with me . the service was great and this was probably one of the biggest if not the biggest hotel ive ever stayed in . they had a really nice restaurant inside with excellent food . 
this is one of the best hotels i have ever been in . i went there to see about scheduling my reception party , and was amazed at the architecture of the building , the interior design of the rooms , and the massive spacing provided for each room . now i recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the james club , so that after the meetings , we can partake in a nice meal and drinks . which brings me to my next point . the james has some of the best food i have ever eaten ! ! ! the james private club , i feel was made for the elite and upper class . very classy , very elegant . the customer service is outstanding . i recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception , business meeting , or just need to have a day at the spa . N stars all the way ! ! ! 
the hilton chicago , located on prime real estate in downtown chicago , has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time . the hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic , but that luxury is not in accord with Nst century standards . lacking any form of fitness center , the hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout . even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point , and the outrageous parking fee of N for guests will discourage out of towners from making the hilton their destination . most guest rooms are no different than any other hilton anywhere , meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic executive suites , you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience . 
we enjoyed our stay at the james in chicago very much . the hotel is elegant and uber-modern ! each room simply exudes class . i have never stayed in a nicer hotel , to be honest . the hotel features an upscale restaurant , though it is within walking distance of many great dining establishments . there is also a full-service spa at the hotel . the most surprising thing about the james is that pets are allowed our dog didn ' t have to stay at home . how cool is that ? there are also lots of up-scale amenities like valet parking , N-hour room service , N-hour concierge , shoe shine service , and laundry dry cleaning . the hotel is located right on the magnificent mile , so that location is absolutely superb . you are literally steps away from some of the best dining and shopping in the world . i would recommend the james to anyone on business or looking to stay in upscale luxury on a jaunt to chicago . 
my wife and i just spent the labor day weekend in the city , choosing the hard rock hotel as our pad . we ' ve stayed at the hrh in orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there . it ' s not that way here . these may be all ticky tacky things , but they added up to us . first of all , the room . we upgraded our reservation thru the hrh website for a room with ' an incredible view ' . well , our Nth floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us . that was all we could see . so there was no view . the room was muggy . we had the air turned down all the way and it never got below N . we woke up sweaty both days . when we opened the window to get a breeze , the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing . the room was small and dark , but it didn ' t bother us that much . the bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed i ever slept in . and we even joked about stealing the pillows ! we had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster , but they removed the charges no prob . throughout the entire hotel , i counted a total of N pieces of music memorabilia . i thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel , throw a styx guitar on the wall , and slap a hrh emblem on the outside . the hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation . the location is good , right on the south end of the mag mile , but there are N-N better hotels in a better location to shopping , quality eats , and navy pier . if you have a car , parking will cost you N day , which is prob normal for downtown . the hotel restaurant was a chinese restaurant . the bar was small and trendy , and i guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a pina colada and they told us they didn ' t have a blender . whaat ? ? ? ? a hrh without a blender ? did they not know that jimmy buffet was in town ? ? ? ? mind blowing ! i would never , never , never go back here . like i said , there are many better hotels in much better locations . i will stay at the hrh in orlando or elsewhere again . 
excellent location , feels like a boutique hotel . right next to neiman marcus ( v . expensive dept store ) and N mins walk to john hancock tower . as most american , medium to high end , hotels service was excellent from the bellhop to reception . upgrade to a suite if you are staying longer than a couple of days as walking around the windy city can be tiring and a suite feels like a small apartment . the pub in the basement is good for a sandwich and a beer . they will be refurbing so take adavantage of lower rates now as i feel they will be going for very high end clients after the remodelling 
